 I bought this chair for my 1.5 year old back in February . Three months later it started leaking air and was useless . Amazon was great and sent me a replacement chair in 2 days . Two months later the replacement chair is no longer holding air . My daughter is 25lbs and just shy of 2 years old . She does n't use the chair on a daily basis and when she does use it she sits and watches tv . She does n't jump on it , no older kids have every used it . There is no reason why this chair should be deflating on its own . It seems to be defective by design and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this chair before Christmas for less than half of retail and thought I was getting a good deal . I should have read the reviews more closely.My daughter was 18mo at Christmas , and she had a hard time sitting in the chair . It sloped forward and made it difficult for her to sit in the seat without sliding out . We tried letting some air out in hopes that would help , but it did n't . After just a couple days , we began noticing the chair deflating . We could n't find the leak . I was going to use it to hold her dolls , but with it deflating , it wo n't work for that either.Spend your money on something else -- this chair is n't worth it !
 I got this chair for my little granddaughter . I was so disappointed to see it come in a flat box because I didnt know it was inflatable . Once we got it inflated she tried it and it scared her half to death . She rolls to one side or the other and she cant sit back in it . It is by far the worst Kids item that I have ever purchased . I wouldnt recommend it for any child of any age . Even my 6 pound yorkie doesnt fit in it comfortably .
 This chair is a blow up chair and has no stability if you sit on it . The child must be very good at balancing when sitting . We are going to keep it and try again as our toddler get older .
 The only real downfall of this chair is the design . Anyone with an IQ of 50 and above would be able to figure out that this chair does n't work properly because of the way its made . There is a protrusion on the back that I assume is intended to keep kids from tipping backwards . Its so awkward that , at first , I was wondering if maybe the chair was supposed to actually be a rocking chair ?!? Anyway , as soon as I blew it up , I could tell it sloped down toward the front . Even with as much air as I could get in it , the front seem soft and the back lip part was firm . My daughter is tall for her age -LRB- 2 -RRB- but is slim . Just by looking at her sitting in it I can tell its not comfortable . . she liked the idea of it , but does n't actually sit in it.The whole line of Rose Petal Cottage stuff has poor design . Its a great idea , it just has some things that need to be worked out . The house itself was soooooooooo hard to put together , not because its a difficult concept , but because its physically hard to get the pieces together . I had to put all my weight on the pieces to push them together . If they are n't tight , the cover wo n't go on properly . I got them tight and the cover was still almost impossible to put on . It could stand to be just a little tiny bit bigger , just for ease of assembly . I was impressed at the stove though , its sturdy and went together so easy and quick !!
 We bought the Rose Petal Cottage Petal Lounge chair for our daughter last year for Christmas . At the time , she was 18 months and very petite . Not a great chair at all . She couldnt sit in it , would fall to the side . Sadly the chair didnt make it to Valentines day . He brother , who was only 29 months at the time , sat in it and the seam popped . This christmas -LRB- 2008 -RRB- we bought the playhouse and the table/chair set for her . She is now 30 months . The Table and chair are the same deal , not durable at all . Thank god I didnt pay full price . -LRB- The house is great and worth it if you can find it for under $ 50 -RRB-
 It says the Fan rotor is like 3.5 X 2 inches . YEAH RIGHT ! the thing is n't more than 1in . in diameter . The package is barely 3.5 X 2 ! dont buy unless you need a REALLY TINY fan .
 I bought this for my 3 yr old . It 's a plastic-y material which I did n't really like . It seems over stuffed and not comfortable . My husband sits on it a lot , hoping to `` break it in . ''
 Too big for a child . Zipper broken not able to use child was very frustrated as too full for a child .
 I was unwrapping these to give to my boys on Christmas morning , and was very upset to see a tag that states this product has materials in it that are known to cause cancer . This needs to be made clear on the product page . I never would have purchased these if I had known ahead of time . Now my kids have one less present to open tomorrow morning , and I have to go through the hassle of sending this back .
 I ordered this bean bag CHAIR for my son ... the photo and discription say it is a bean bag chair and the photo shows a molded chair ... i received a bean bag in the mail today ... very disappointed ... sending it back tomorrow
 I Ordered two penquin chicks , they arrived today and when I opened the box I was very confused one chich is about 4 inched tall -LRB- as stated in the product discription -RRB- and the OTHER ONE is about 9 inches tall . Very frustrating when you order two of the same products but you receive two different products . I dont think anyone checks what they put into the boxes . Beware if you wnat more then one they may not be the same product !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This bean bag cover is adorable , but it is basically filled with packaging peanuts . It is hard and uncomfortable and the `` beans '' squeak when pushed on . We ended up emptying the whole thing -LRB- and re-using the beans as packaging material -RRB- and spening an extra $ 50 to refill the cover with regular bean bag filling . Now it is great , buy do n't buy this for your child to snuggle with unless you are willing to spend extra on new filling !
 Hello , I bought this toy for my son , He enjoyed it very much , he played a lot with the track , i even bought a cople of other cars from Tonka that fit perfectly , the problem is thyat the track only worked on the first week of use , now it only makes the music , you can hear the motor running but the spin wheels are not moving at all , i opened it to see if i could fix it , and I Saw why it was no longer working , the spin mechanism is VERY WEAK , it depends only on two rubber chains that are so thin that tey start losing grip and movement very easy , i could ` nt fix it , they only way to fix it is to make a new spining mechanism.Dont spend your money here .
 Yes it 's fun.But ... It 's noisy and it did break down to soon . My husband fixed it twice , but after that it was really gone.Not really durable and therefore dissappointing for our son .
 My son got this as a bday present and he loves it . Hey ... I love it . It 's one of the rare `` race car '' toys that is n't a point to point track -LRB- ie , you put cars on one end , they come out the other , and you have to start over again -RRB- . Instead , the cars are propelled round and round the track with the 2 spinning disks . The middle section is unpropelled but the cars get enough momentum from the disks to zip through the middle section . The end result is mesmerizing fun as you watch the cars speed up , slow down , catch up , zoom away on the track . This is a really unique design and gets 5 stars for fun factor . We even put other car toys -LRB- hotwheels , etc -RRB- on it and they all zoomed around the track!But there is a MAJOR FLAW . The toy quickly fails to work . You hear the motor spinning , but the disks do n't spin ... and thus the cars ca n't move.As an engineer , I opened up the unit to see what was wrong . There 's a major flaw in the design
 It could n't be more fun for a young boy ... as long as it lasts.Great idea , but not designed for use , especially by a young child . Do n't bother gambling , the only question is if it will last you a day or a month .
 We bought this toy for our son at Christmas this past year . He was 18 months old at the time and loved it . Within a month it started to be unreliable . It would work sometimes , other times it would n't even spin the cars . Now , 6 months later , the toy is completely broken . It wo n't even turn on . And my son has n't played with it for months ! Very frustrating !
 For $ 70 you get about 3 weeks play out of this before it fails to work . And it 's not the battery . It 's the motor/mechanism that makes the two green circle tracks spin . This is a TERRIBLY designed product . I 've never read so many customer reviews where so many consumers cite the product failing to work so quickly after purchase . My experience was no different.Save yourself the hassle and money and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 My son received this as a 1st birthday present . I felt that I had done great research as I did n't want his aunt to waste her money or have a toy that my son was n't interested in . Well , as it turns out , I was wrong on both counts ! It stopped working after 2 weeks ! I changed the batteries and called the company . They informed me that it was discontinued and sent me another toy for free . My son still plays with it even the track is broken . He loves the music and dances to it . It is bulky , but I wo n't trash it yet since it keeps him entertained .
 the track stopped spinning ater 1 month ! I have tried to fix it myself to no avail ! huge Bummer , he LOVED it while it worked !
 My 22 month old son got this for Christmas . It was very loud when used , my son loved it and it was a neat idea . But it broke within 2 days of being played with , I suspect once his older cousin started playing with . The kids tend to lean on it and want to make the spinning wheels stop which caused it to break . I emailed Hasbro and just received a response yesterday that they are no longer making this product so they can not send a replacement part out but that they will send a comparable toy out to us as soon as possible . I do n't know what this toy will be but I hope that they do something , this toy is targeted at age 18 months , you would think that they would have made it more durable for a toddler .
 My son received this for his first Birthday . He was still a little young for it but loved watching his big sister -LRB- who is 4 -RRB- play with it and finally learned how to make it spin on his own and did love it BUT it stopped spinning after less than 30 days . My husband took it apart and attempted to fix it but we could not determine the issue ... a disappointment and not worth the money !
 My daughter received this for her second birthday . She liked it well enough . She enjoyed putting all sorts of items on the track to see if they would go around . Plus , she enjoyed turning it on over and over . The volume was too high in my opinion . The racket of the tracks rotating competed with the loud music . There is no volume control , only on/off . After about 6 months of play , the belts for the track seem to have stretched and were constantly slipping so the tracks would no longer rotate . Ended up in the trash . Honestly , I was n't too sorry to see it go ...
 I got this for my son on Christmas despite some of the bad reviews . I was just so anxious to get him into the `` boy '' stuff . It worked well for two days then the track stopped working . However the loud sounds are still going strong . He loved it so much and now he is very dissappointed that it 's not working , and so am I for the 30 bucks it cost !
 My 18 month old son was very excited about this race track but it broke with in a month . The engine stopped working . I returned and bought a new one b/c he loved it so much . 1 month later , the rubber band thingy broke . Poorly constructed for toddlers .
 I bought this toy for my son 's 2nd birthday . I had read some reviews that said it breaks easily , but some that sounded like it lasted well , so I decided to give it a shot . This was the toy he was the most excited about when he opened it . He played with it , and it was his favorite of the whole birthday . By the next morning , the motor was no longer working . I tried replacing the batteries , but no luck . So , I packaged it up , and sent it back for an exchange . He was so happy when the second one arrived , and he played with it a bunch . He loves this toy !! Well , by day 4 , the motor no longer was working AGAIN ! I got a refund . I could not keep breaking his little heart until I got one that worked . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 My son loved the race track . He laughed and danced as the cars went round the track . It was a Christmas present that we recently opened -LRB- in May -RRB- because I felt he was not old enough . Within one day the toy does n't work . My son pressed on the track , apparently too hard , and now the track does n't work . Though that was not what he was supposed to do , one would think that a toy made for an 18 month + would be able to withstand a little rough play .
 My boys loved filling the track with the mini Wheels cars and watch them race . HOWEVER , it just stopped working after a couple of months . The batteries are fine , but the track would not spin . Nothing to do but toss it . Big disappointment .
 My son received this for Christmas last year -LRB- he was two -RRB- and loved it , although it was n't long before the track stopped spinning . We tried taking it apart to see if we could fix it - that worked for a day . No volume control which is a also definite downside . I did like the fact that the cars were easy to handle and there were `` garages '' for him to put the cars in and take them out again . Really disappointed the track was n't better engineered .
 I bought this product for my son for Christmas and 2 days after Christmas it quit working altogether . I am so frustrated . For 30 bucks this thing should work better
 My son loved playing with his new toy for the first three minutes then IT BROKE ! The spinners would n't turn anymore , not sure why . He was so disappointed .
 You ca n't be serious to charge $ 399 for this toy ! Whoever you have updating pricing is not paying attention and poor Hasbro is probably missing out on revenue due to people not willing to take a chance on Amazon actually charging them this price instead of something more like $ 39.99 .
 Items were shipped as expected . Exactly what it shows on line . It looked great and felt great but attached to the bean bag was a tag that says
 Got this bean bag for kids and was shipped this dangerous product which causes cancer . how can anyone use a product which causes cancer ?
 I am sure this item will rate a 5 star , however , I am still waiting for this item which was purchased as a birthday gift - for June 30 . The original purchase date of June 6 , and several notes telling me of unavailable item - I am STILL WAITING . Anything you can do to speed up this purchase would be greatly appreciated.Thanks
 These letters were tested POSITIVE for Lead and Mercury !!! Very dangerous !!! I am shocked that they are even being sold ! Shame on Melissa and Doug , shame on Amazon , and shame on China for poisoning our children ! These should not only be illegal , but the maker , seller , and distributor should be prosecuted!Just look at healthy stuff dot org and you can see the results of the test!I do not trust Melissa and Doug at all . They market their toys towards caring parents who are trying to buy healthy toys and so many of their toys are recalled and test positive for dangerous poisons and heavy metals . Their products are all made in factories in China and they are not regulated . I will never trust them again!My point is that I will never trust Melissa and Doug again . It is a fact that at one time they did have lead in this Alphabet . Has it been resolved ? They claim they have , but how can anyone trust an obscure factory in China ? Is your child 's health worth this risk ? They just can not be trusted .
 These were given to my children -LRB- ages 4 and 2 -RRB- as a gift . I loved that they were alphabet and number toys , and I have had good experiences with Melissa and Doug brand products in the past . But these turned into a huge mess when my two year olds and to a lesser extent , my 4 year olds , started puting them in their mouths . the paint came right off . There bits of pain on them in their mouths , on their hands , every where . They were such a mess , that I ended up throwing them out . Too bad : -LRB-
 These are the worst items I have ever purchased for my grand daughters . they are wood with colored paper covering the wood . Which comes off almost immediately . What a pile of garbage . Not worth returning . Do n't bother purchasing this crap-I 'm done with Melissa and Doug children 's toys , I have n't been happy with any of their stuff except maybe the pull along Dog . I do n't know how they get away with their shoddy products .
 This product is not durable enough to be put in a baby 's mouth -LRB- our son is 10.5 months old -RRB- , but we put it away for him when he is older . The color started coming off of the numbers/letters . We do like how the entire back of the numbers/letters is a thin magnet so that no small magnet pieces may be swallowed . Not sure if they are completely non-toxic but should be fine when our son is ready use the toy to create words , etc. .
 There were 2 letters missing from the box . One was a small and one a capital , so very annoying as I do n't have a complete set of the ABC 's . Would not recommend .
 The alphabets are ok looking . I thought they would be of better quality . Not happy and would n't have bought it if i saw it in store .
 I got these magnets for my nephew . They were very well received , however after less than 30 minutes , they were showing wear on the colored sides . Granted , they were briefly sucked on , but I am totally disappointed in this product . Kids put things in their mouths , and creating wood magnets that seem to have a sticker front that is susceptible to this kind of wear is ridiculous . When I ordered wood magnets , I expected them to be painted wood with magnetic backs . I was not expecting a sticker front that does n't last well and does n't wear well getting wet . If you want good looking magnets and you can keep them dry , then these would work . If you have any children that want to taste objects , do n't get these .
 I bought these because I am usually very happy with M&D toys and was trying to avoid buying plastic . These letters were much thinner than I was expecting , and the magnets are pretty weak . They are difficult for my 2-year old to grab . The worst part about them is the colored paper front - I really thought they would be solid wood , painted over . Any drool or other liquid will quickly ruin these , as I quickly found out about ten minutes into play time . I am SO disappointed !
 I was expecting better quality from Melissa and Doug since I have some of their other products.These DO NOT fall into the better made quality I am used to . The letters which I thought would be all wood are not.They have a paper coating which will come off with use . But the part I hate the most is the acrylic sliding cover that comes off wayyyyyyy to easy . All the child has to do is tilt the box just a little and the lid slides right off as well as all the letter we just put back in the box ! This could have been prevented by just putting a little lip on the lid so it locked into place just a little but still allowing the child to remove and replace the lid . Since these are not going to last long and the price was ok , I will replace with better quality ones later.DISAPPOINTED !
 These magnets are very cute - bright colors and I love that the materials are non-toxic . However , I was expecting magnets made of wood . The core is wood , but the face is paper , which comes off . Disappointing .
 We just got these for our 12 month old daughter . I know that it says not for under age 3 because of choking hazard , but after reading other reviews , I was convinced that these were n't likely a choking hazard . And they 're not . But they 're not durable for a child who puts things in their mouth . The magnets are the entire size of the letter , so ingesting or choking on a small magnet wo n't happen and the letters are quite large . We put them on the refrigerator about an hour ago and my little one just crawled up with the letter `` I '' in her mouth . When I took it away , I noticed that all the paper/colored part of the letter has completely melted off or bubbled up . These letters are not going to survive the mouthing stage ! I just went and took them all off the refrigerator ! She can have them back when she 's a little older . The same thing will probably happen if these fall into a puddle of water on the kitchen floor or under the refrigerator door though so be careful .
 I was really excited about this item , but my daughter put one in her mouth -LRB- which 1 year olds tend to do with everything -RRB- and the paint came off in a couple of places . I thought it was just that one letter , but then she did the same thing with several others and I started noticing paint missing on a lot of them . This should n't happen on a toy that will most likely be in the hands of small kids that put things in their mouths .
 I must be a complete idiot ... or else the description of this set is very misleading , . I checked the `` dimensions '' for this toy as my grandson is only 2 , and assumed the `` 2x5 .5 x8 inches '' meant the size of each piece ... 2 inches thick , 5.5 inches wide , and 8 inches high ... obviously not a swallowing threat . Welll , the dimensions are the box dimensions -LRB- who cares . ?? . -RRB- ... needless to say when I got the set , right on the box said it `` not for children under 3 '' ... It might be a good idea for the maker or Amazon to put a piece in the ad so we can see the actual size of the piece . I 'll be sending this back ... and missing my grandson 's birthday date .
 I purchased this magnet set for my nephew for Christmas specifically because it came up in a search for toys made in the USA . Personally , I choose not to purchase items from China , and I find it very frustrating that country of origin is not listed on online shopping websites . Since these came up in my `` Made in the USA '' search , I assumed I was safe.Nope . Made in China.That being said , the letters do appear to be sturdy , and I like the storage box they come in . The magnets appear to be fastened well and cover the entire back of the letter . I am a little concerned about the paint on the letters - it only covers a thin layer over the top , and it looks like it may bubble or come off if it comes into contact with water . -LRB- This is a common problem I find with Melissa and Doug toys , as my own son had a few of their chunky wooden puzzles . -RRB- This would n't be much of a problem if the toy was being used by a 3 + year old , as the box instructs , but this is going to a teething 18 + month old . I wo n't hold my breath on the paint .
 It would have been nice to have been informed that these pieces are only a few inches long . I assumed by looking at the photos that these were about twice the size , so I was disappointed . My children only played with them once for a little bit and have n't touched them ever since.Arlen
 i would just get plastic ones if I could do over . The paint/sticker colored coating gets messed up rather easily . If your kid chews on them at all , they will get mucked up fast .
 We bought these letters for our 2 year old grandson . As he played , he put one of the letters in his mouth . To our surprise and horror , the letter started to disintegrate ! We took it away from him , and gave him a set of plastic letters we had , which do not disintegrate when munched on by a teething child .
 There is 1 of every letter in upper and lower case included . This is barely enough to spell any words , and of course , very few with correct capitalization . So unless you want to invest in many kits to get enough vowels and repetitive consonants to spell a four letter word -LRB- and this set will make you want to -RRB- ... do n't buy this.The quality is horrible . Pressed wood that reeks of formaldehyde with a white paper layer on top and thin color paper -LRB- no paint on these -RRB- . The magnet layer is thin and is not cut well , leaving many black pieces out of the box to fall all over the place.The best thing about this is the storage box it comes with , but that is n't worth the price or mess of dealing with the useless letters . Even the plastic letters are of higher quality -LRB- and seemingly safer -RRB- than these .
 These did not last at all . The wooden letters are covered on one side with a thin piece of colored paper instead of being painted . The paper peels off too easily and the wood is coarsely finished which makes them easy to splinter . They do hold fairly decently on surfaces such as the refrigerator or oven door . The size of the letters are good , but some of the lower case letters are difficult to distinguish . I would not recommend this product .
 I think this is a great toy . My kiddo loves to move them around on the fridge . However , When I put them on the fridge it order we were missing a capitol J. Boo .
 These were a gift for my granddaughter . My daughter ended up having to throw them away , the first time she cleaned them the top layer peeled off . I guess I 'll need to go back to the original plastic ones with the magnets inside .
 The toy itself is actually of relatively good quality , just do n't get them wet , the colors will start to peel off . I had to return this product twice to Amazon because it was missing letters ! I 'm not sure who assembles the product , but I 'm pretty sure they do n't know their ABCs !
 I thought these were SO COOL , then I had them tested at a local free lead testing for kids toys and they came back POSITIVE . Further research at Healthytoys dot org showed that the magnets contain a MEDIUM level of LEAD !!! . If you child is extra careful not to touch the magnet parts then I guess these are fine , but if your child is like mine and likes to touch the entire thing and then put his fingers in his mouth , these are too dangerous.Healthytoys dot org lists lots of toys as both safe and unsafe , according to brand . It 's good to be careful these days .
 I have purchased many Melissa & Doug toys , because I feel quality and safety is worth the higher price tag . But I was not pleased with the magnets . All of their other wooden toys are painted , so I expected the letters to also be painted . They are n't . Instead , it is a paper lining over the letter , which easily came off into my sons mouth moments after opening the package . My friend purchased cheap plastic letters at a local store , and is much happier with hers . I wish I had done the same . For now , they are packed up until my son gets over his sucking on everything phase.If your child likes to put toys in their mouth , these letters wo n't hold up to the drool .
 This magnetic toy is not actually magnetic . We have other toys by this company that are much better quality .
 I bought this set for my son as he likes to play with our current magnets . However , he put one in his mouth for about three seconds and it started to fall apart . These magnets are supposed to be wood - but it 's more like a very thin balsa wood with a thick painted paper glued on top . Not what I was expecting.On top of that , this set has a lead warning on HealthyStuff.org . It contains medium levels of lead - much higher than what is safe or even acceptable for toys.I used to really like Melissa and Doug toys when they were actually hand made in the USA . Now everything is made in China and apparently they are not keeping on top of their lead -LRB- and other toxins -RRB- levels in their toys . I wo n't be buying any more Melissa and Doug items.I 'll be tossing this . I do n't even feel comfortable sending it to Goodwill .
 My daughter has several Melissa and Doug toys and loves them . BUT this is our first purchase of this brand that is really disappointing . The letters seem to be made out of cardboard verses wood . I do n't think they are going to last more than a few months ...
 The first day we took this out of the package the letters began to fall apart . Some letters -LRB- such as the little i -RRB- do not even look like the letter they should be . The paint chips away and the actual wood the letters are made with peel apart from each other . Also , no little f ! Cheap , cheap , cheap .
 The first thing my daughter wanted to do when we got these was spell `` mama '' and papa '' on the fridge . Ca n't do it ... there seems to be only one upper case A and one lower case a , and mixing the two in a word is definitely confusing . I would have assumed most of the extra letters would be vowels . I also dislike the `` font '' , if you will , because the letters do n't always seem clear to me or fully representational -LRB- like ones you 'd print block style if a child asked you to -RRB- . I think next time I would go with an upper case only set ... when she asks me , `` What 's this letter ? '' it 's a bummer that I do n't know whether to tell her it 's an L or an I. I 'm going to get a new set , maybe with smaller letters for actually making lots of words ... she 's almost three and I 'm not concerned about the choking hazard issue . Honestly ... if choking is an issue , your child is too young for the alphabet anyway .
 I was really disappointed with this product . The letters are wooden but when I opened it each letter was splintered and pieces of wood shards were sticking up from the joints of each letter . I ca n't give this to my son at all . Glad I only ordered this one item from Melissa and Doug because I do n't think I ever will again.I 'm amazed it was shipped out like this especially considering the age group it is geared towards ...
 So disappointed ! We received the box of wooden letters today and opened it right away . We were disappointed to find the lower case `` r '' missing . Now we 're wondering if the wooden numbers set by the same company will also be incomplete . We hope Melissa and Doug will remedy this fast . We 'll definitely follow up .
 Its good bean bag meant for kids age 3 to 6 years of age . Although I bought this bean bag for my kid but he seems to find it small and he prefers to sit on my bean bag which is wider than this bean bag . Bean bag looks darker and little pale as compared to the picture . The beans are very soft which I liked . I think this bean bag is okay , except it could have been a bit wider .
 I purchased this bean bag and it only lasted three months . The vinyl is paper thin and the seams ripped in a number of places . I have had vinyl bean bags rip before and have taken them to a an upholsterer but this material and craftsmanship is so poor it can not be salvaged . It is cute to look at but will not hold up to small children .
 There is no point of buying this toy if you do n't have a ramp!Then all it does is go fast . Been there done that . The comercial says it can jump an airplane , ok ... . where will you find an airplane ? This toy only lasts for 1 day , then it gets worn out and goes slow . Then you can call them slow wheels ! It 's fun for the first day then it goes into the toy graveyard . I reccomend you use it a lot the first day because you will forget about the next day .
 Let me rip and I 'll go as slow as a snail.That is what this toy is telling me.May This be the worst piece of junk ever . \ 10
 This toy is absolutely worthless . The pegs have no resistance in the holes , so that when you place them in the openings , they fall to the floor -LRB- in other words , children ca n't pound them in -RRB- . The frame is unsteady , and held together by numerous small screws -LRB- all of which present a choking hazard -RRB- . Worst of all , the very first time my child tried to hit the pegs with the hammer , large pieces broke off the pegs and scattered all over the rug ! They were sharp , and not only were they choking hazards , but they could easily cut a hand or injure an eye . Each time my child hit the pegs , bigger pieces broke off . The toy was in the garbage within 5 minutes of being opened - a big disappointment , and unsafe to boot . Avoid at all costs .
 This item is absolutely worthless ! I was so disappointed in this and can not believe the crappy way this was made ! NOTHING LIKE THE ONE I USED TO HAVE WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL ! SADLY , CAN NOT FIND ONE LIKE THAT ANYWHERE ! Anyway , there is NO RESISTANCE - why they are calling this a `` pounding bench '' is beyond me - talk about false advertisement ! This should be called the `` The NO EFFORT bench '' because all you have to do is look at the pegs and they will automatically fall through ! Seriously , this was constructed so poorly - the paint was already chipped off in the middle of each peg & just overall made terribly - what a shame!PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK ! SAVE YOURSELF THE AGGRAVATION , I WILL BET MY HOUSE THAT IF YOU BUY THIS YOU WILL EITHER THROW IT AWAY OR RETURN IT ! If I could I would give this a Negative Star Rating !
 The pegs fall right through the holes . Useless for the intended purpose of hammering pegs . I 'll keep looking for the old model like I enjoyed as a kid . This thing is headed for the trash can .
 I have fond memories of the wooden pounding bench that I had as a child and of another that my children used to play with . This bench is a poor imitation of those . The pegs are supposed to remain in the bench and be pounded from one side to the other . The pegs in this bench do n't fit tightly , fall out and end up scattered around the house .
 1 of Folkmanis Puppet Mini Pet Mouse -LSB- ASIN
 If you want to keep it working . The Batteries do n't last ... the doll uses batteries like crazy . I make sure it 's turned off . The batteries only last a few days ... then need replacing . I have tried every brand of batteeries .
 I purchased this item for my 5 year old who was very excited.The control unit burned out within 20 minutes of operation . I called theirsupport number and another unit was shipped from Korea . The second controlbox stopped working withing 5 minutes of operation . -LSB- ... -RSB- I will not recommend this product based on my experience . Unfortunatelythere is n't a lower rating .
 This is a simple toy ... very simple . It 's a flimsy spring between two receptacles and nothing more . The main point of interest is that when each end is put to the ears of two different people and you `` twang '' the spring , the two people will hear a `` twanging '' noise . It has a bit of an otherworldly , echoey sound but it is not so interesting that the kids use it for more than a couple of seconds before moving on to something else . The toy is described as having the educational value of teaching how sound waves travel between two points . This may be true , but you could make your own simple model with your kids and save some money . By the way , the lightweight spring tangles and gets pulled out of shape very easily so only buy this if your children know how to handle toys carefully . If I 'm somehow missing out on a more interesting aspect of this toy , I hope some other reviewer will inform the readers of these reviews .
 Before purchasing the Revell Tiger I , I knew it was an old model with many flaws , so many that there is an entire aftermarket parts world supplying fixes and parts . Since I knew that these aftermarket parts were built for the Revell kit , I purchased a Revell kit to make sure I had something they would fit in . Revell does n't have US distributers anymore , so I was forced to order from overseas , or use Amazon.The package took a while to arrive and when it did , the shipping box had been crushed . The model box had also been partially crushed , but the only damage was a warped engine deck . Careful examining of each bag convinced me that nothing was broken and that the model was as the manufacturer had intended.Various parts of this model are very good , but the flaws speak for themselves . The gun barrel for the 88 mm main gun is solid and poorly cast . A Dragon 1/72nd scale Tiger I has a hollowed barrel ` slip-cast ' that is better defined and much more realistic . I intend to purchase a machined aluminum barrel and brass flash suppressor to remedy that situation . The turret is symmetrical from left to right , but the real Tiger I had an asymmetrical turret giving the loader extra space on the right side . Although I found an asymmetrical turret in the aftermarket , it is solid , and I want to detail the interior . Since no other manufacturer has made the correct turret shape , I will have to build it as is.The brass muffler guards are well done , and the photo etched engine screens are very pretty , but they do not represent the solid steel gratings that the Revell kit does well to represent in the original styrene . Best guess is that they fit over the gratings and do not replace . Overall , the kit is well cast with little flash or mold lines to clean up . Spare parts in the kit represent the ` late ' model Tiger I so that the kit covers both mid and late .
 These were very popular with my grandson but the noise or singing that they were suppose to do only lasted for about a week . All 4 wiggles dolls did the same thing so I would have to say that they are not made real well .
 It either already had or obtained 2 holes in it while I was inflating it . The package did n't seem to have been opened already , so I 'm guessing they were obtained while inflating . The thing kept falling apart , so I spent most of the party going out to the front yard to make sure the skirt and balloon lady were n't strewn about the yard .
 There were no dimension shown on the listing . So the trailer was smaller than anticipated . In addition , the trailer displayed on Amazon has the John Deere logo and the two back lights . Neither where shipped . For the price paid you would expect everything as displayed .
 seriously feel stupid . w / shipping this cost over 90 dollars . Half the time my son -LRB- just 4yrs old -RRB- tries to haul something , it falls out the back . HE is disappointed and keeps asking me to fix it.Direction are terrible -LRB- but not as bad as tractor directions -RRB- and they did n't even label the stickers right.Overall probably would n't have bought tractor or trailer .
 Although I have purchased several Melissa and Doug toys in the past , this is the first one that did not live up to my expectations . I could see little or no educational benefit in this toy . I purchased it for my granddaughter and she moved the pieces around several times and then just left it for other more interesting toys . I would recommend selecting a different toy .
 The magnetic kitties are awesome , but the main part of the toy broke almost immediately -LRB- one of the little platforms broke off -RRB- . I tried to glue it back together for my daughter but it came off again right away . I suppose it 's really not any less durable than any other Polly Pocket playset ; they 're all fun but not too well-made . Oh well , my 5-year-old does n't seem to mind .
 I got this toy for 3 kings Day -LRB- a spanish holiday -RRB- and when I was putting it together for the first time the little peg you have to put in the horse broke ! So much for the jumping part . Well I still had the cute Kerstie doll but the next day the dolls leg fell off ! This is not a durable toy . Do not buy it !
 For some reason my 1 year old loves this , probably because he can make the horse jump . Otherwise its pretty mediocre .
 My daughter loves backyardigans so we bought her this game.It is the dumbest game I have ever had to endure . There is very little to no learning involved -LRB- MAYBE colors , thats a stretch -RRB- , the game itself is stupid and lacks educational value . Other than the fact that it has her favorite characters on it , its pointless . I would love if this toy got `` lost '' in our toy closet . I would definitely NOT recommend to anyone .
 I bought this toy for my daughter , she loves Polly ! However it is very difficult to put together and does n't stay together . I took it back and got a new one and have the same problem . If it would stay together she would probably love it ...
 I 'm a huge fan of the Scene It series and thought that this would be a great addition to my already heaping pile of games . The Disney edition is really limited in its questions , although one would think that with the number Disney movies out there that there would be a huge variety of questions . However , it seems that the majority of the questions have to do with National Treasure and Pinnochio . Also , the questions themselves are poorly done and include things like `` find the Mickey Mouse ears in the still shot '' rather than actual trivia questions . One might argue that this should be expected from a Disney/Children themed game , but even the Harry Potter edition of this game does n't dumb it down so much.Nevertheless , this game was still fun to play . I would reccomend it for younger kids -LRB- under 13 -RRB- and possibly families .
 My 3 year old daughter loves Tigger so when I saw this I thought it would br GREAT . Boy was I wrong . I thought Tigger would be bouncing all the time and if he bounces once a game it is a lot . If `` boing '' sound he makes is suppossed to go with the bouncing it does n't . I am totally disappointed in this game and would say if you have money to spend on it spend it someplace else . Totally thumbs down on this item.Not at all worth it or what I expected .
 Poor quality balls . They slide around and are difficult to control unlike the solid white rubber balls . These plastic balls have a decent weight but are too slick .
 I liked the price per ball ratio , however when I ordered and then used the Foosballs I noticed that the surface of the ball sometimes made the ball roll erratically on the table . These were bought for a company breakroom and the overall opinion of the balls were pretty negative .
 This product just hangs on your dartboard so it is rather light , not securely fastened , and can rattle around . Also since it hangs there is a small gap around most of the dart board . You 'd be surprised on how often your darts will find this gap . Stops the darts if you 're way off , but I 'd save my money for a real backboard or cabinet .
 What a let down first of all it did n't fit theDart board . the front was allWrinkled . And the board was very thinAnd cheap . And it was late arriving
 Really too thin to be much protection -LRB- I had to add a layer of plastic-counter-type stuff behind it to fully protect the wall.The square shape is great for the convenience of the manufacturer/shipper , BUT does not provide equal protection at all angles around a Circular dartboard ! A donut/ring shape would have been MUCH better , since no one can guarantee at what angle a throw will miss the board.I 've got it , so I 'll use it , but I personally would not buy it again .
 These robots are pretty lame . They make alot of noise but are very hard to maneuver and control
 My mom had purchased this for my son and it was his big present this year . The demo mode ran fine , the training mode was pretty hit or miss and the battle mode was impossible . The robots rarely responded to the controller , honestly infrared is a poor choice for something like this , radio frequency would have been much better . I wish I would 've read other reviews for this before my mother bought it . It broke my heart to see his excitement turn to disappointment . We 're getting Rock 'em Sock 'em 's instead .
 I am VERY disappointed in this game.First of all , there was a character missing in one of the colors.Next , the game is very confusing because several of the colors do NOT match . There is red on the pop up block , but not on the board ; pink on the board , but not on the block ; yellow on the board but not on the block ... This game is not worth the price that I paid for it and is rarely played because of the confusion.It 's a shame , because my daughter really loves Max & Ruby .
 First , I really do n't take the time to write reviews unless something is either really horrible or really awesome about the product . This dartboard arrived damaged at the corners , the pine frame evidently bangs/dings up fairly easy due to its poor construction . the backing is medium density fiberboard -LRB- MDF -RRB- which is poorly mounted to the pine frame with additional mdf shims . The pine frame and mdf is all fastened with glorified staples . its light , its cheap , but its also poorly constructed so we did n't even try to hang it on the wall . Once we opened the box , we knew it should be sent back . Guess that 's what you get for one of the cheapest backboards out there .
 Its shown with a natural wood trim but the item arrived with a very poor blotchy medium brown stain . It almost looks like they did n't finish staining the item in the corners . I bought this because of DMI 's reputation in quality dart boards but not the case here . It was poorly packed and arrived with some minor scratches . Low quality , I would n't recommend it .
 The boat is n't exactly as described . Specifically the on/off switch on the radio controller is fake . Therefore , the boat will only work when placed in water and there is no way to turn it off except to take it out of the water . Further the boat had some glue streaks running down the sides . I returned it .
 I bought this boat for my 8yr old son . The only thing that worked on the boat was the light , it did not come with instructions , and the motor for life boat was broken when it arrived . We tried everything to get this boat to run nothing worked . Returned it the next day .
 This rc boat sounds like fun and would be if it did n't breakdown within 15 minutes.I had read the reviews warning against this toy due to lack of quality , but did not heed them.There seem to be a number of companies selling them , but they all come from the same supplier and are all getting bad reviews.Trust me ... heed the warnings !
 We just got the toy today and went with my 6 years old son to try it . It 's fun , my son loves it . We used it for 30 minutes with a full battery . The boat is able to go at least 35 meters away and you can still control it.After this we recharged the battery and came back to the pond . After 10 minutes only 1 propeller turned , the second one was ot of order without clear reason . The fun turned into despair . There is no way to try to fix it because you can not open it -LRB- everything is sealed so we sent back the toy -LRB- it costed us 15 dollars -RRB- and asked for a refund instead of an exchange . We do not recommend this toy .
 I ordered this boat for our son 's Birthday . All he wanted was a police boat w / lights & sounds ! After much debate after reading the bad reviews on this boat , I thought , well maybe my boat wo n't have any problems ... I would n't even give this boat a star because the thing did n't even work and could n't get it to work , also the time it takes for the battery to charge is a long time . It is very heartbreaking to have to tell your son that sorry the boat does n't work , so knowing we had to do something to make-up , I went to `` Toys R Us '' and bought a remote control monster firetruck w / lights , sound & that squirts H2O and the battery life is great and not to mention that it charges in 1 hour !!! -LRB- Our son loved the firetruck -RRB- I read where some reviews said the boat did n't work and reviews that it had problems . I took a chance and wished I had n't ! So if this helps anyone when looking at the reviews DO N'T BUY THIS BOAT !!!!!!!!
 Too tall for dash board of some vehicles and the bobble head does not bobble . Otherwise a cool figure since Quagmire rocks
 My son bought this set with his birthday money . He is 6 , not rough on his new toys . Within the first day , Mater 's tow hook arm broke off . The next morning , one of Guido 's lifts broke off and then the same day Chick Hicks ' tire is bent - which now wont roll right . They are just made of very poor quality plastic . I expected them to be more of a `` matchbox diecast '' and they arent . My son has been so upset daily at this cars breaking , he spent $ 14 at the disney store on this and its junk ! I would recommend you buy the little matchbox ones from walmart for $ 3.19 a piece ! I have yet to find a mater toy that is made for children . We have every item they have sold with Mater on it . We have the RC , which my son LOVES . Its very fast , but all of the little toys the tow arm breaks within hours of purchase ! Hope this helps !
 I bought this set because I could n't find Chick anywhere else and I discovered that the cars are made of cheap plastic rather than the nice die-cast like the other cars we have been collecting.It sounds like a good deal , but its not .
 I was quite surprised to see how small and how cheaply made these were . The set was a waste of money .
 these used to be metal cars and now they are made of plastic . They are so cheap ! What a rip off !!!
 Pros : the color is pretty accuratethe price is okCons : it shedsI 'm pretty sure the dog in the picture was professionally groomed to look a little cuter . The toy I got in the mail did n't look as good . Its fur is all messy . Feels like there is some sort of hair product on it ; kinda oily/greasy .
 Much like many of Aurora 's larger stuffed animals , the one I received does n't look anything like the pictures you see on Amazon . The dog I received is all white with none of the shading on the fur that gives it the realistic appearance . It does n't even look like the same stuffed animal . Very disappointing .
 First off , I got mine from Amazon . This thing does NOT look like the picture at all . While , the materials are definitely the same , the patch work has gone to the gutter . The eyes are not aligned correctly so the dog looks cross-eyed . The front legs are longer than the back legs , which reduces the cuteness . The face on mine is frowning instead of begging . It looks like they either outsourced the handiwork or cut production costs , because their quality has drastically declined . I bought the panda plush at the same time , and it as well has the same problems -- uneven shapes , sad faces , obvious seams . I would not even want this stuff given to me , so how do you expect me to give them away as presents ? I will no longer purchase products from Aurora again .
 Okay this thing does not look anything at all like the picture . I bought this as a gift and I 'm almost embarrassed to give it . It was received extremely smushed and ratty looking . On top of all that the shipping and handling was pretty expensive in my opnion bringing the overal cost of this tiny little 12 '' toy to way more than I think it is worth . I had to give it a bit of a hair cut and move around the toys stuffing for it to even closely resemble this picture and you know what even after all that it still looks nothing like it . I have to forwarn others that if you are not picky and do n't care if it looks like the picture than go ahead an buy this but do n't expect it to look as cute as it does in the picture .
 I was looking for a full sized replica of a bichon frise that could be used for demos . This one is NOT even close to the size claimed . If you measure from the tip of the tail -LRB- stretched backwards -RRB- to the tip of the nose , you barely get 12 '' . Dogs are measured from the ground to the top of the withers . This one measures about 41/4 '' at the withers and about 71/2 inches to the top of the head . The eyes and nose are a hard material that could cause a child or dog to choke if torn off .
 Not accurate color ! Maltese are a beautiful pure sparkling white this was a pinky cream color ! It was cute , soft but not accurate color ...
 My daughter was excited to get this toy , and I was looking forward to her having something to do on our upcoming 10-hour drive to the beach . She does like it , but there are several faults with the toy .1 . No volume adjustment . Oh my , this thing LOUD . I guess it 'd be ok in the car w / road noise , but it 's way too loud for the living room . We 've already added a few layers of tape over the speaker .2 . It 's hard to get the magnetic Polly to activate the many sayings in the scene . You have to wiggle her around a lot . This is n't too big of a deal for us because we 'll likely just remove the batteries -LRB- no on/off switch -RRB- and let her use her imagination ... she 'll have more fun that way anyway .3 . The clothes just barley stick to the dolls and because of their magnetic polarity you ca n't get them positioned just right . This annoys me FAR more than it annoys my 4-year-old daughter .4 . The storage drawer is n't very secure and slides completely out very easily . I can see little bikini tops and sun glasses lost in the car forever within seconds.Overall , I think my daughter will enjoy this on the ride to the beach , but I certainly do n't expect it to survive long enough to make the trip back .
 I ca n't believe how bad this toy is . Other reviewers are accurate when they state water sprays straight up ... and actually the ` bar ' that rotates around , can really HURT when It makes contact with a younger child . Also this same bar is otherwise - constantly snapping off ... a real piece of garbage . Im returning .
 We returned this toy the next day . The water sprays straight up and does n't really even spray the children . The bar falls off and is more of a pain since you have to put it back on again and again . I would n't recommend this at all !!
 My daughter and I were very disappointed in this toy . We had high hopes , but the jump bar continued to pop off of the arm . When we would finally get it hooked on again , the arm would tilt which would cause the toy to stop rotating . I finally took the arm off completely , and water started spewing everywhere and the toy started spinning around like crazy . We packed it up and returned it the next day .
 This was what is known as a booster box , for the trading card game of Magic The Gathering . It is what I needed to complete my cards .
 This is fun for a three-year-old for a very short while . There is really no racing involved , the two bikes are absolutely identical and have only one speed . This means that they never end up any farther from each other than where the began , so it 's not like you can really race.Little kids will be amused by this for a short time , but once the novelty of a moving bike wears off there 's nothing else to sustain the entertainment value of the toy .
 Purchased this toy for my 3 year old . Motorcylcles move too slowly and most of the time , they do n't work ... would not recommend this toy .
 My boys were so excited about this toy . I have three year old twins and they could n't wait to race their motorcycles , but this toy has been a total letdown . One of the remote controls arrived with the battery compartment messed up . The springs were on BOTH connectors for one battery and neither connector for the other battery . My husband is a bit of an electrician and managed to fix that . When we were finally up and running , we discovered that the motorcycles consistently fall off the track at the `` bump '' in the road , making it impossible to race . The plus of the toy is that the remote is really easy to use , even for a three year old . My boys enjoy the toy as long as someone is sitting there to pick up the motorcycle and put it back on the track . The inability to actually race the motorcycles , however , is a real disappointment .
 My son was so excited about this toy . He 's crazy about robots . Unfortunately , the paint started chipping from day one . The next day I noticed it was not just the paint , but wood corners were chipping off everywhere . Cheaply made - especially for a toy that is intended to be knocked down ! It 's obviously a different toy than the one reviewers talked about years ago in these reviews . I wish they would go back to the quality product they used to have , because I would never recommend these to anyone with the way they are now .
 I ordered this as a present for my friend 's son.The box that robots were packed in arrived already opened and robots were chipped and had pencil marks on them.Obviously the toy has been used!Giving it as a present is out of the question and returning requires a lot of work and time , in a nutshell I live overseas and even simple things like returning something are actually a problem.After years of ordering through Amazon and occasionally getting things with a little crack here , chip there , I am over it!By the way , the toy is actually fun , but I did n't want , nor did I pay for , a second hand one .
 much harder to stack than I thought . the child was a little disappointed at not being at the riht skill level .
 I purchasd two of these
 Started great , very fun and enjoyed but after about 2 weeks of normal play started to get static instead of voice . Eventually no voice and only static which then turned into no sound by the end of the week . My husband took apart and tried to fix -LRB- electrical engineer -RRB- but no use .
 Nice concept but two people have to be plugged into the base to use it . If you 're too close to the base then you get feedback , if you go too far then the cords come un-plugged , etc. . . It 's in the toy box , probably will never see the light of day again , good thing it was only $ 12 .
 I gave this toy as a Christmas gift . It did n't work , which was very dissapointing . The packaging had been discarded before we realized it did n't function properly .
 Looks nice , but was very difficult for my 4 year old son to use . You HAVE to pull the bow ALL the way back every time or the darts will get out of line and not shoot at all . -LRB- The darts are on a clip and it moves the next dart into position as you pull back the bow . -RRB- It is very hard to pull it all the way back . If you do n't pull it all the way back even once , none of the darts will shoot unless you reload the clip . I would say that a child needs to be 7 or 8 to get it to work consistently , but it would not be as fun for that age .
 I have played with this type of toy before and enjoyed all the building possibilities , exactly why I wanted to share that open-ended play with my children . Unfortunately , this toy provides nothing but frustration because the pieces literally pop apart as you are building with them , almost as if they are spring loaded . Like building a house of cards , we get a tower built only to have it completely collapse as we put the last piece on . We have had small successes , but not worth the time or money . A great idea for a toy , but this is a very poor quality version .
 As a family , we have enjoyed simple marble towers before , and I liked the thought of putting our older children to the test . Unfortunately , this toy only tests your frustration level . The pieces are too loose , and come apart far too easily . This toy is a waste of money , space -LRB- large box -RRB- , and time . DO NOT BUY !
 Very hard to build anything.pieces dont interlock , so therefore you start to build a tower and it will fall apart before you can finish dont recomendthis product for anyone.Very expensive and not worth it.My son got it for christmas he is 9 and loves to build things.He worked on this once became frustrated and hasnt touched it since.Ive played with it with my son , and I became frustrated as well .
 This product looks great on the box and would appear to provide hours of entertainment for the kids , however , there are no instructions at all on how to build anything . You have to go by the picture on the box . It takes hours to tell which piece is what -LRB- as color does not necessarily mean anything to one particular shape or size -RRB- and the pieces have no way of locking in . After spending over an hour on this -LRB- and the kids still not seeing one marble move an inch -RRB- we needed to move it out of the way so we could leave and the whole thing fell over . It 's been sitting back in the box ever since . I recommend this product for older kids with patience and determining .
 This is a great looking bus , BUT the two plastic panels on the top -LRB- front and back -RRB- of the bus broke off during the first few hours of play . When they fell off , eight little yellow circles which were apparently trying to hold plastic onto steel also came off , a serious hazard for any child who might put something in his or her mouth . They looked like little yellow candies . A dangerous product for children unless it will be on a shelf and not touched . Very disappointed .
 We love playing Sudoku and ordered this board to play together . We wanted a board with drawers to store the tiles . We were thoroughly disappointed with the quality of this board . The tiles are unfinished , unsanded wood chips of various sizes , many of which do not fit the grid . The drawers stick and the board must be bent slightly to release them . In attempting to remove one of the tiles , I got a splinter under my nail from the grid , which is also unfinished . Save your money , or better yet spend the extra $ 5 and get the mahogany board with plastic tiles .
 I am very disappointed because I ordered this toy as a present and it came to the person without all of the playing pieces , which is embarrassing . Now accidents do happen but I emailed the company with this mistake . I am still waiting for a response and it has been over 3 weeks . My mother can not use this game because it is missing all of the # 6 tiles . Now you may say that she mixed the 9 's and 6 's up . However , she only has 10 # 9 tiles so it is the companies mix up . I wish they would rectify this situation soon . I will be returning the present as soon as I can .
 My 2-year-old received this for his birthday . He had lots of fun playing in it , but it tipped over easily and the sides were bent after playing in it only for one day . We purchased balls to put inside , but there are no bottoms on the larger structures , so balls do not stay in . I think we will be returning this and purchasing a different ball tent
 Based on the reviews I had read , I had high expectations for this toy and thought it would be perfect for my daughter 's 3-year birthday . She loves to play hide and seek , build houses and crawl through tunnels . However , it turns out the play tent is a piece of junk . Even the lightest breeze will tip it over . Needless to say it ca n't handle a child crawling through it without getting all messed up . To say it 's flimsy is an understatement.At her birthday party , not one of the 10 kids paid any attention to it -LRB- says it all , does n't it ? -RRB- until the very end when my daughter and another girl entered - and the tent tipped over immediately.I 'm kicking myself for discarding the box because otherwise I would have returned it as fast as I possibly could . A huge waste of money !
 Elmo does NOT sing the whole song . In fact all he does is put his left arm in and his right leg . When he `` shakes it all about '' it 's all noise ... . no shaking . He is not soft and cuddly either . I am very disappointed . Then again , my grandson loves ANYTHING loud !
 Did I get it wrong ? End of the song Elmo says `` Elmo 's pooped '' . Yes I understand what that means , but it is totally not proper words for younger kids to learn . I do n't like it . Other than that , it works good . No problem at all .
 Do n't waste your money ... the kids find it funny for the first day . . then it ends up at the bottom of the toy box never to be touched again .
 my 2 yo has had it for 2 weeks , and after the first day has n't picked it up again . This toy is heavy , the mechanical noises are loud and movements jerky . It 's not very cuddly and it 's hard to carry . An ordinary talking elmo or plain stuffed elmo would probably have gone over just as well . She 's played more with creative nonelectronic toys , or electronic toys that play more songs she can sing and dance to . A toy only for the elmo or hokey-pokey obsessed .
 My daughter loves ELMO ! When she got this for her birthday 6 months ago , she played with it quite a bit . She was n't able to press the button in his hand , her older cousin helped her with that . She loved to push him over and hear him say , `` Uh , oh , could you help Elmo up please ? '' She would look so surprised , and say `` Uh , Oh ! '' About 3 or 4 months after we got it , I put it away for a couple of weeks , -LRB- just to cycle out some toys , and keep the living room a bit neater -RRB- and when we got it back out , he would do the movements , but no sound . No biggie , I thought - he just needs new batteries . Wrong . I replaced the batteries , and still no sound . I even had my husband -LRB- a very techie kind of guy -RRB- take Elmo apart and see if he could find a lose connection or soomething , but no dice . Elmo is now relagated to the top shelf on a book case , where no one plays with him . His `` hug-ability '' is also nil . He is so full of hard plastic parts that it is like hugging a tree -LRB- nothing wrong with that - for all you tree-hugging folks out there ! - just not a very good thing for a 1 year old to hug -RRB- He also does not work on carpet , even the no-pile variety.I gave 3 stars for educational value , because it did help with hand , foot , arm , leg identification , but with it 's lack of durability how educational is it when it 's sitting on the shelf collecting dust ? Save your money , and buy a better Elmo toy . My daughter just got the `` Elmo loves you '' for Christmas , and it is hugable soft and it sings and hold a flower that lights up , which she loves ! I think this is a much better deal than hokey pokey Elmo .
 I was very dissappointed in what I thought was going to be a really great toy . The tag on Elmo says that if you remove the tag under his foot -LRB- that could n't be removed before you opened it -RRB- then he would play the entire hokey pokey song . Unfortunatly all of Elmo 's song includes one arm and one leg then he is done . I probably expected too much but my version of the hokey pokey would have included both arms and legs and maybe some head and tail too . This toy was a waste of money .
 My one and a half year old daughter gift this for Christmas and loved it . I think a little too much because it only worked for 10 minutes . The moment she picked it up and tried to play with it broke . It still shakes and sings but will not turn around or move its legs or arm any longer . We were going to take it back but she loves hearing Elmo 's voice . We figured it would be silly to replace it for only 10 more minutes of fun . So we kept it . If you want an Elmo that actually does the hokey poke your going to have to buy a puppet and sing it yourself lol .
 I bought this as a Christmas present . I did n't realize it was broken until months later . My sister-in-law was too embarrassed to tell me . I will never purchase an item from this vendor again !
 My daughter fell in love with the babysitter 's Hokey-Pokey Elmo and I was thrilled when I found her one of her own new in the box . When it arrived it looked fine , but this morning -LRB- Christmas Day -RRB- when she opened it it did n't Hokey Pokey , it just stood there and shook . Now it looks like my only option is a refund and if I want that I have to wrestle this busted thing away from my 17 month old with no shot at exchanging it for one that works . Not such a Merry Christmas .
 My 13-month old was initially scared of the ` shaky ' arms but after 10days , she was fine with it and even started loving the moves . And then she dropped it out of excitement from the couch and thats it . Elmo now doesnt shake or turn around . Its sad really , for a $ 40 toy to just get pooped after one fall.And oh yes . . it does say ` Elmo is pooped '
 My kids liked it for all of 10 minutes , and then kept getting frustrated because he would tip over while doing the motions to the hokey pokey . It DOES NOT sing the entire song at a time , is very loud , and I certainly did n't see any educational value to it . My brother in law bought it for us as he was trying to find the loudest , most annoying toy in the store , and I think he succeeded in his mission . Unless your kids are huge Elmo fans , I would not recommend this at all .
 I bought this toy at Walmart for $ 29.99 for a 18 month old girl . The toy was fun at first until she dropped Elmo only one time . His hand stop moving and his foot . I was very disappointed in the quality of this toy . For 18 months - 4 years this toy should of been much more durable . Kids of course are going to drop it / pull his arm . I am returning Elmo for a different toy . For the few minutes he lasted he was really fun and she enjoyed the toy . Overall I would not buy this toy nor any kind again .
 My daughter got this toy as a gift ... she loves elmo in general ... however , this product is very poorly made . To have a brand name like fisher price , I expected it to be alot more durable . This toy is going to be played with by little kids and from my experience -LRB- 4 children plus 9 nieces and nephews all 10 yrs and under -RRB- little kids play rough at times . My daughter played with it about 1 day before the leg gear `` caught '' and quit functioning . My local store exchanged it once for me and again , the internal mechanics bound up and it no longer will do the hokey pokey . I have tried calling the fisher price comment line to let them know that they should improve on the durability and after numerous attempts at different times on different days , I always get the same message that they are experiencing a high volume of calls , try again another time . I am extremely disappointed that for thirty dollars -LRB- what I paid for it -RRB- , we basically got a piece of junk . It would have been a great toy if it had lasted . I have also lost some faith in a toy company that can not make a quality product with such a well known brand name and no way for me to contact them -LRB- try contacting them online ... not possible -RRB-
 I have received this TWICE and there is no string at the bottom to make him work , Be sure to go to the store where you can check to see if the importmant component i there !
 I recently gave Hokey-Pokey Elmo to my 2-year-old niece . She 's crazy for that Elmo , but this incarnation was not a hit . She watched blankely as he boogied through his routine a couple of times , then started poking him everywhere , trying to make him do something else , which , unfortunately , Hokey Pokey Elmo does not do . At least not when you poke him . However , she figured out fairly quickly that when Hokey Pokey Elmo falls down , he says something like , `` Hee-hee . Please help Elmo up ! '' That , at least , put a smile on her face , and she found a few minutes of entertainment in knocking Hokey Pokey Elmo to the floor and making him say , `` Hee-hee . `` Hokey Pokey Elmo is also heavy , with a hard , plastic endoskeleton underneath a thin layer of red Elmo fur , which makes him almost , but not entirely , completely un-huggable . Underneath his pelt , I can only imagine that Hokey Pokey Elmo looks something like a Hokey Pokey `` Terminator , '' except slightly more menacing and a lot less fun . If my prediction is correct , and my niece chucks Hokey Pokey Elmo into the Rubbermaid Tub of Lame , Forgotten Toys , I might get a chance to test my theory . Hasta la vista , Elmo ...
 My daughter got this toy for her birthday . . It was her very favorite until we actually used it . We could n't get very many bubbles out of the wands that come with it and other wands do n't fit in the wholes . It was very sad .
 Although this toy actually prevents spilling and is pretty durable the problem I had with this toy was that the three wands were not very good at producing bubbles when you blew on it . Also , it 's a bit difficult to put the wand in and out of the bucket . It 's not very good for little kids .
 Should mention that bubbles are not included with this . Would not of paid that much just for a bucket , though it came with a bottle of bubbles to be able to actually use it .
 bought this for my 15 month old son . Was expecting tons of fun , and lots of playtime with this bubble toy , but only was able to play with it once . The yellow base at the bottom somehow got sealed shut where myself , my husband or my 21 year old son could not unscrew the bottom . It 's also so large that the average hand -LRB- male or female -RRB- can not get a decent grip to even unscrew it in the first place . We tried using our hands , a towel , banging on it to help break the `` mother of all mother '' seals , but no luck : -LRB- So I could not use it properly . My son also dropped it in his bath so the water , and bubble mix - mixed together , and i was unable to unscrew the bottom and since it 's a no-spill container i could n't even get the liquid out . I flipped it over and tried to shake out the liquid , but no luck . So it 's junk in my eyes . a simple wand and bubble mix grom gymboree is the best bubble maker i 've ever seen . It 's simple and the bubble last crazy long . Just make sure you do n't do them on wooden floors because they stay so long that they leave spots.again this product could have been fun , but unable to take off the bottom it was useless .
 When you take it out of the box it is colorful and fun looking , but when you fill it with bubbles it becomes messy with liquid bubbles all over the place . I washed it out and will probably put it in my plastic recycle bin !
 I agree with a lot of the other reviews ... this toy is a great idea , and I was so excited to get it as a gift and we did have fun with it -LRB- my daughter is 19 months old -RRB- so she gets the concept of blowing bubbles , but the wands are not great -LRB- or I did not have good solution -RRB- ... either way , it was hard for even me to get a good blow of bubbles . I also do n't like that there is no lid to the top for storage , and the bubble solution that drips on the outside of the bucket make everything stick to it so dirt got all over the outside , and my daughter poured water into the top making the bubble solution too weak ... so when I tried to unscrew the lid to clean and add fresh bubble solution , it was completely sealed stuck ! I ran it under hot water , my husband had the wrenches out -LRB- and he 's strong , and an engineer -RRB- ... and nothing worked to get the lid off ... so now what ? The no-spill bucket is a great idea , but unless we can get this lid off , there is no way to clean it and add more bubbles for continued use . Bummed ...
 Skip buying this bubble bucket . The wands are way too big , soap gets everywhere , and it really just makes a huge mess . Maybe it wo n't spill but what about the soap on the wands getting all over the floor . I have already thrown it away .
 I bought this for my 2 yr old daughter and her friends.But its too big for her to handle it alone . She has learned to blow bubbles and loves to blow it herself . This product is good for children aged 5 to 8 or higher . Not meant for toddlers . The no spill function is also not really true . A toddler most of the time tends to overturn the whole thing and the liquid leaks out of the bucket . Gymboree has a similar bubble bucket in a smaller size and that seems to be totally no spill no matter how you hold it .
 I bought this toy for my 10 month old niece as a gift , but decided to buy one for my 23 month old son so that he could have a nice soft ball to throw around the house -LRB- he 's got a good arm -RRB- . The ball is nice and soft -LRB- even though the little jingler inside can be felt if the ball is thrown hard enough -RRB- , it 's great for learning to catch , and my son likes to fling it around by the tags . However , my son decided to carry the ball around in his mouth like the doggies do , and one of the tags actually cut his little tongue ! Even made him bleed ! I am PISSED that something being advertised as soft and comforting could do this . I touched the tags afterwards and they are actually quite `` sharp '' in the creased area ... had to warn my sister about letting my niece put this in her mouth . Boo on you , Taggies .
 My daughter loves balls and she loves chewing on tags . When my husband and I saw this product at a local toy store we could not wait to buy it and watch her with it . We have been waiting for her to play with it for two months . She is just not interested in it at all . We have received other taggies products -LRB- soft books and a board book -RRB- and she does not play with them either . My daughter loves to play and can spend hours knocking down block towers , chewing on books or rolling balls , but she is not impressed with taggies and neither are we . However , I took the `` toss the taggie '' ball to a group play date and some of the older toddlers seemed to enjoy it .
 This game has been a part of family gatherings for 3 generations . When I was searching for my own game this year , the only option is this version with little animal figures ???? Whatever happened to a version that utilizes the `` seemingly simple '' design of this game ? -LRB- I never had considered it a children 's game during all those years of strategizing with grandpa , dad and cousins -RRB- . How can Hasbro possibly call this game a `` classic '' version ??? I am extremely disappointed and left with no options - except to explore on EBay for a used traditional game set . Very sad to have a great game ruined by `` marketing experts '' who will relegate this game to elementary/primary schools everywhere ...
 Hasbro is missing the boat by not offering BOTH an adult , original version AND the newer children 's version . As adults , we love to still play this terrific game , but I will not play it with a child 's mindset and little animals . My grown daughter has been wanting one for herself , so I had decided to get her one for her birthday . I guess I 'll try to find an original set through EBay instead . Hope you pass this review on to the manufacturer .
 Great Game ! Great Fun ! Brings back many happy memories with my boys , and now I play with my 9 year old grandson and my 4 year old grandaughter hoping to create some happy memories to look back on for all of us !
 I was really excited when I saw the board and playing piece designs for this classic game . However , be warned , this is a really overpriced low quality item . The playing pieces are very cheap flimsy plastic , and the dice low quality rough cut wood . The board was the worst . It 's quarter cut so it does n't just fold in half but again quarter ways which would n't have been so bad , except , that it 's just cut like someone took scissors to it half way down to make it fit in the box . Really , you pull it out and you have this game board that just flops around everywhere and does n't lay nice and flat so it 's a horrible experience to play on . Had it for one hour and it went right into the dumpster - too ashamed of it 's shoddiness to give it to the poor . Do n't be taken in and do n't waste your money . There are better quality parcheesi games out there for a lot less money .
 Calling this `` Classic Parcheesi '' is like naming a brand of Lemonade full of chemicals `` Country Time '' . Parcheesi is a great game , but do n't waste your money on this gimmicky hack-job . Get the true classic ... called `` Deluxe Parcheesi '' .
 I recived this RC boat as a gift . I went through 2 battery cycles of use when the control unit of the boat shorted out . It was on my 3rd use where I found that the motors would engage as soon as the battery was pluged in -LRB- no matter the position of the on/off switch on the boat or the controler -RRB- . I found that the cirut board was not properly sealed in its case . Even though the water that leaked into the boat was minimal , it was enough to short it . You can tell the quality of the work is very cheap in all aspests of the construction . The RC boat was fun untill it broke . If you still plan to buy this boat , make sure to re-silcone the control box during your 5 hour wait for the battery charge .
 This boat is large , but is all it has going for it . It is cheaply made and leaked the first day we had it . It had so many problems that we took it to a local repair shop only to find out that there are no equivelent replacement parts avalible in the states , and that it would cost more than the price of the boat to get it repaired .
 this boat has no rudder . you control with motor speed . mine lost the intire propeller shaft prop and all it just shoots out the back and is gone ! and their are no replacment parts for this chineese boat . I have seen several other owners on the internet trying to to find replacment props and propeller drive shafts none anywhere ! if you have this boat make sure the universal jount attached to the prop shaft is tight every time you run it .
 LES BUY A BOAT TO THIS COMPANY AND SEND ME THE DAMAGED THE ENGINE WITH A PARTY WITHOUT THE REMOTE CONTROL OF ANTENNA AND CONTROL OF CABLE USED without having NI so I would buy a pin EVEN BY IRRESPONSIBLE AND NOW LIVE IN VENEZUELA MUST SEE HOW DO I DO TO SEND YOUR SCRAP TO LEAVE ME MAS CARO DE LO QUE LO BUY.SEND ME A BOAT WITH A REMOTE CONTROL ENGINE DAMAGED PARTY WITHOUT EXTERNAL ANTENNA AND NEITHER IS WHAT I WANT TO USE THE STICK TO ME PASA A MI LLEGO EL DESTINO 26 JANUARY 2009 AND NOW THE MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION OF THE MOVIE IS IF I 76 TO PAY FOR SOMETHING SEND ME BAD AND $ 91.27 SHIPPING TO CANADA AND NOW THAT I HAVE TO DO TO SEND YOUR SCRAP TO PAY $ 100 TO $ 100 SEND jealous and MORE FOR ME THEN THE ESA P&eacute;rola out for $ 300 for something that IS NOT AND THE BEST THAT COMES IN 3 AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE COMPANY AS DO NOT SPEAK NO ENGLISH AND LES send emails to deal with MY PHONE TO NRO that we can MAKE AND SEND ME THE ANSWER TO THAT IS THE TIME TO CALL IN AN SEE IF THEY HAVE A PERSON WHO SPEAK ENGLISH RESOLVE TO SEE IF YO SIGO SIN MEANWHILE THE BOAT AND PHONE
 tHE FIRST DAY MY KID USED THIS BOAT , ... IT LOOOSE IT ... BECAUSE EVEN THIS BOAT SAYS IS FULL REMOTE CONTROL , IT DOES N'T HAVE REVERSE , IMAGINE A HIGH SPPED BOAT WITH OUT REVERSE ...
 I BOUGHT THIS TOY FOR MY BROTHER AND WE TOOK IT TO A FIELD TO FLY AND WHENEVER IT LIFTED OFF IT CRASHED AFTER AFEW TIMES IT WOULD N'T FLY . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS FOR ANYONE .
 This is the worst piece of junk we have ever had at our house . It never flew ! Not once ! Nada ! It was an absolute rip off ! Do n't buy it ! Do n't even chance it ! It is the worst ! Save your hard earned money and do n't buy .
 My son received this as a gift . He flew it for less than 30 seconds before the helicopter flipped into the ground and a stabilizer broke off . He glued it and gave it another try . After a second very short flight it crashed again this time breaking off the rear rotor . The toy is useless now and he is quite disappointed by the whole thing . I guess if this product came with several replacement props and rotors it may be OK . As for the durability rating ... you do n't give the option for zero stars . Keep your money in your pocket people .
 going with the reviews i ordered this as a gift for someone else . i opened it myself and noted that it only goes up -LRB- and down -RRB- using the remote . that it will only stay aloft for 30sec to 2min -LRB- depending of the winds ? -RRB- . that it has to rest for 10min every 4 or 5 flights . no way is this worth the money . i sent it back .
 This does n't even fly ! It just goes up and crashes immediately ! My first and only flight lasted 5 seconds .
 I researched this remote control aircraft over the internet , seing good reviews , i decided to purchase this product for -LSB- edit -RSB- . Now , i figured this was a excellent price for a beginner level R/C Helicopter -LRB- hobby shop helicopters cost over -LSB- money -RSB- -RRB- So i was feeling pretty good about it . I baught the product , charged it which is very simple and only takes 3 minutes , then since I was indoors i took it off the platform , held it in my hand and pulled the trigger on the remote to activate the main and tail rotors . I amazed on how much power this little chopper had , the helicopter nearly pulled my hand up . So i said to myself , i have to try this outside ... so i did . The main rotors have too much tourqe that the tail rotor can not counter , so the helicopter spins at a moderate pace , the height that the helicopter climbs to is incredible , but it is not controllable which way the helicopter turns , and after a little while flying i decided to land . As i gently released the trigger -LRB- as the manual says -RRB- the helicopter slowly decreased speed , and it hit the ground soflty on a patch of grass . it landed leaned over , i investigated the helicopter and noticed a landing gear leg had broken off ! i tried to glue it but it was no use . With the flight not very impressive and my vehical broken i decided to return it , it to me was not worth the money -RSB- that i payed for it . 2 stars for fun , because it wasnt fun to fly , 3 stars for educational because it sort of shows the extream need for the balance between the tail and main rotor tourqe , 3 stars for durability because the landing gear broke , but the rotors seem very durable , the body is made of foam , and which seems durable
 The main rotor broke at the first take off . Some super glue fixed the problem for two more very low flights until the tail rotor broke . This was the end . The charger had a shortcircuit the second time we used it . It continued to work however , with the mains . If you live higher up then 3000 feet do not buy this toy . It will not take more then 1 feet of the ground .
 It should just say it is a wind up toy because all it does it go up by itself and that 's it . You can watch it go up but can not control it . Then you just have to wait fo rit to come down and crash . So boring .
 It went up , the wind took it and that 's the last I saw it . Now I am out my allowance and no heli .
 Uses too many batteries too fast . Ca n't control it . Flies only 2 or 3 minutes . Broke the main blade , called Spin Master and 2 hours on hold to get a mean person tell me it was my problem.BAD
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . Very disappointed with it and never got it to fly at all . All directions followed to a T. Uses way too many batteries and flying time is limited if we were to get it off the ground . After spending several hours trying to get it airborne we just gave up and considered it wasted money . There are too many other good products out there to waste time and money on this .
 please DONT buy this !!!!!! it is very hard to control , plus it probably will fly away from you !! ALSO u cant turn it easily because it DOESNT have a turning knob you have to use the throttle to turn it , this is harder than u think !!!! SO PLEASE DONT BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!! by the way this is NOT a beginner level flying helicopter !!! P.S. INSTEAD OF THIS , THINK ABOUT BUYING A HELICHOPPER created by megatech ...
 I begged for this heli for so long . It looks so cool in the box but you ca n't control it at all . It just launched up in the air . I could n't get it down . It cam down by itself later and just crashed so far away it took me a hlaf hour to find it !
 this broke the first time i used it the wings just broke never buy it
 Bought this for my son 's seventh birthday . He and his 5 yr old brother looked forward to the weekend , so we could take it out to fly . We loaded the batteries , charged it up , and then nothing . It would n't go up 10 inches . My son called it a `` dud '' . This is n't the first Air Hog radio controlled vehicle he 's received ; he received an airplane -LRB- the purple one -RRB- last year and it 's never worked ; but this will be the last one I purchase , and if he should receive any as gifts , I 'll return immediately instead of having to deal with the disappointment .
 I chose this mat because of the large pieces -LRB- other mats had smaller squares and dozens of pieces-a nightmare to put together everyday -RRB- but I was dissapointed to find that the speakers cracked . When I found this product , I was so excited to find such a large mat , I overlooked the fact that it takes 14 AAA batteries . The manufacturer stated that it comes with alll 14 batteries , but mine only came with 2 for the first mat . The mat is excellent quality , but the speakers are n't . I am taking mine back after only having it 2 months .
 We bought the 42 '' x 42 '' Activity Play Mat at the Babies ` R ' Us store , paying a little more for it than for other mats -LRB- some of larger size -RRB- . We put it together okay , but there are mirrors on some of the tiles that are covered with a plastic film for protection . So far , so good , right ? When we pulled off the plastic covering , imagine our surprise when some of the `` mirror '' was pulled off as well , leaving some nice large white streaks that would be there forever . For as much as we paid for it , we had the expectation that all of the pieces would be in good condition , and this product failed to meet even that basic expectation.A warning , then . If you are going to buy a product like this with mirrored surfaces , make sure you have the hands of a surgeon to properly remove the protective plastic film . Otherwise , save yourself some money and buy a cheaper brand .
 it 's a pretty good quality foam mat . however , it 's kind of small , and there is n't any child-proof mirror like the advertisement said . It ony pronounces the alphabets if you push the dotts really hard . Besides , the paints on the dotts are easily rub off . I have to say i am a bit disappointed for spending over $ 50 for this .
 i love this doll . she has the chubby doll lok . her hair shimmers
 I got this for xmas and after charging/discharging five or six times the longest is could fly was maybe 3 seconds and then it just spun on the floor for a max of thirty seconds . I tried double and triple charging -LRB- not advised by manual -RRB- and got it up to 15-20 seconds flight time . I called them and they suggested everything I had already done . I tried a different brand of battery just to be sure . Nope . They finally agreed to fix or replace it if I shipped it back and paid for return shipping !! I did this and when it came back -LRB- one month + -RRB- it was the same one with the same problems ! After much haggling they said they would credit me for a different product from their catalog provided it really was defective . Then they wanted me to pay to mail it back ! I demanded they foot the bill this time and they begrudgingly agreed . A few weeks went by and low and behold there it is again . Techs had marked box `` Tested twice . Nothing wrong '' I was so mad I just gave up . I have seen one or two of their products get good reviews but the rest are nothing but similar stories . AVOID Megatech junk !!
 I ordered this Micro - Fly for my son . On the computer it said it worked great , but it does not . It is a very false advertisement . It takes about 7 or 8 minutes to charge , but it only last for about 1 minute at the most .
 I ordered two of these helicopters because I have two sons . The first very disappointing thing was that both helicopters were on the same frequency . My sons could not even fly them at the same time because one controller works both helicopters.Anyone should know that if they are being ordered by the same person , they are likely going to be used at the same household . Secondly , we followed the instructions and within two minutes the antenae on one of the helicopters came off . We turned off that helicopter and tried the second one and the back propeller would not turn and therefore the helicopter would not leave the ground . These were from `` Santa Claus '' and my children could not understand how Santa could make such mistakes . How do I explain this to them?B . BaileyMicro-Fly Featherweight Helicopter , RTF
 My baby likes to look at the objects but I think there are a few cons
 When i first got this i was really excited about it . my 3 month old baby loves it and so is my 2 yr old girl . one time I left my 3 month old on the crib , she was admiring the mobile . then my 2 yr old got a chair and reach out for the mobile she must have got curious at the blue button before the head of the mobile and press it . the head of the mobile immediately got ejected from the curved part of the toy and fell on the crib . thank god my 3 month old baby was not directly under the mobile .
 This was the only mobile I found under $ 25 but now I know why . I thought I could live with covering the speaker with scotch tape to tone down the very loud volume of cheesy lullabies , however the motor stopped spinning after a week . I like our Tiny Love mobile way better .
 Do not but this mobile . Ours stopped spinning after 4 weeks . The music is tinny and loud . There are much much better mobiles out there . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 In the box , the Bright Starts Dream Along mobile looks great , but once assembled , the design leaves something to be desired . On the plus side , the shapes and colors are big , bold and made to be viewed by the baby in the crib -LRB- not the parent watching -RRB- . There 's a mirror on the base so baby can see her reflection . I give the designers credit for making the mobile arm removable so when baby is big enough to stand up and grab things , you can still use the base unit as a music box and mirror of sorts . Assembly was fairly straightforward , but the parts did not fit together easily . I had to use a lot of force to get the mobile arms to lock into the hub . Also , the base does not fit on cribs with rails wider than a couple of inches -LRB- like mine -RRB- . On the negative sign , the first thing is the song change `` switch '' -- a sliding duckling on the circumference of the mirror base . The switch does n't have a good feel to it -- you do n't know when you 've pulled far enough . In addition , the part wobbles a lot . It feels like it could be pulled off at any moment . The second annoyance is that there is no volume control and the mobile plays pretty loud . Loud enough to be annoying . Overall , I 'm disappointed . The dangling ornaments are really the only hits , but without a proper installation make it hard to use .
 The mobile is too heavy and it simply does not attach properly to the crib -LRB- it slides forward and since the construction is so cheap I have no confidence that it wo n't dettach and fall in the crib -RRB- . I was very happy to find such a cheap mobile to replace our old/broken one since I was only hoping to get 4-6 weeks of use before converting to a music box since my -LRB- preemie -RRB- baby is already 5mo old but still unable to get up on hands and knees .
 Bought the Dream Along Mobile a few months ago . My 3-month old is quite entertained by it when it actually works . The problem is that the `` ON '' feature is difficult to turn ON ! It is supposed to operate the unit for 15 min , but we have to jiggle and press the button randomly to make it work . When left in the ON position , the mobile has even turned on by itself when no one was there . It 's really a strange device . I suspect there is a faulty electrical connection inside that I ca n't get to and fix myself . Reviews found elsewhere indicate that people have had all sorts of weird problems with this mobile.On the positive side , the manufacturer was happy to send a free replacement -LRB- different model -RRB- . Have n't been able to test it yet but the reviews are fairly negative for that mobile , the Soothing Safari , as well.I would recommend buying a different brand altogether . Buyer beware.PROS : - Ability to run mobile with sound OFF.-Two volume levels on this model . - `` PLAY '' mode functions as expected -LRB- 1 song at a time -RRB- - Size-C batteries still good after 3 months.CONS : -15 minute playback is too difficult to activate-Turns on by itself randomly when in `` ON '' mode - potential to scare the baby ! - Plastic screw for attaching to crib scratches the finish - had to use cardboard to protect it
 We purchased this at Walmart , for a little more than this one cost . Right out of the box , the music did not work . The mobile part worked for a few seconds before it quit . We are returning and will not get another . This is cheaply made and I would not risk buying it since most likely you will just return it .
 Executive Summary
 I bought this Ukulele and Band Set for my two year old daughter , and she did n't even play with it for ONE HOUR before she put her hand through the tambourine . I understand that it is a fairly inexpensive set , but I think it should make it through an hour of play by a toddler -LRB- the consumer for whom the product is intended -RRB- . Also , the recorder does n't make music , just whistling sounds . Otherwise , the ukulele seems to be ok , and she really likes the bells and harmonica .
 I ordered two of these and returned them the day they arrived . If you are ordering this product make sure you know what you are getting . This is an `` MP3 '' player , not an MP3 player . It does n't play real music . You can organize 100 songs that are preloaded onto the music player to make play lists . I should have known it was too good to be true with the price . Cute for a toddler who is n't yet interested in `` real '' music .
 We ordered one each for our son and daughter . They are not what we were expecting . No lyrics to the songs just music . We are returning them and will shop for items like this in a store so we can have a better idea of what we are getting . I do have to say the shipping was very fast , hopefully the processing on the return will be just as fast .
 My parents bought this for my 5 year old for christmas at walmart for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- thinking you could download actual songs and songs from the internet , not the case . It can not hook up to the computer , there are songs on it that your child can download and they are songs that just instrumental music , no singing ... My son got bored with it real fast.If you are looking for something for your kids where you can download actual music onto it plus videos and games I would suggest looking at the Spongebob Digital Player ... I got this for my son last month and he LOVES itThe only plus to this item is that it made where you can drop it and even throw it and it will not break . It may be good for children 2or 3 years of age but as far as 4 and up they are going to get bored with this item fast
 This sounded perfect for my music loving boy . It worked when it arrived . However , by Xmas morning - when it was openned - it did not work . Contacted Playskool customer support and it is not made anymore . Only opt was Playskool to send me a replacement toy of their choice TBD later . Did not contact Amazon as I felt it a Playskool issue to solve .
 The picture and what is explained in the details are not the same thing . I am a visual person so I stupidly assumed that what was pictured is what I would get , it was a completely different faith action figure , one I already owned .
 Even if it worked ... The engine loses the signal from the remote sporadically , no matter how close you are to it . Plus , for a three year old , it is very difficult to tell which way the remote should be held ; up is down , down is up . In order to back the engine up to connect to the cars , the connectors -LRB- magnets -RRB- must be perfectly aligned . I was never able to do it without manually pushing the connector into place ; I ca n't imagine a three year old being able to do it . Any time you go in reverse , the train goes into a sequence of catching & releasing the cars ; my nephew could n't understand why every time he backed up , the cars fell off ! Boo !
 I wish I would have taken heed of the reviews written here & not purchased this . But I gave in to my son , who REALLY wanted it . He does n't want it anymore though , because the thing does n't work ! Oh sure , little Thomas huffs & puffs away at first - but after a minute or two of play , game 's over . And Thomas does n't really `` join '' with Annie & Clarabel - it 's a magnet . It 's cute but it does n't work the way it claims it does and therefore it is definitely a complete and total rip off !
 Anyone getting this truck for a grandchild had better know that the kid needs to be over 3 yrs old to have much fun with it . It is a big , big yellow dump truck . It is sold without clear age guidelines which should be an absolute no-no for Amazon to resell this product .
 This truck is not what they tell you it is , it 's a nice truck but not all that they tell you it isbut it well do may 3 year old grandson .
 The connections for the accessories are too loose so the cradle etc. keeps falling apart . Also , the rocking horse is too slim to stand up on its own . I have not even bothered to try any other set-up -- it 's too hard for me so I ca n't expect my 3.5 yr old to get it . The doll is much smaller than I expected which added to the overall disappointment . If I lived in the States I would have returned this doll the next day -- being oversees I guess I 'm stuck with it unless I want to incur more shipping charges !
 This toy is a total piece of junk !!!!! The screws were already stripped when I took it out of the box as a brand new toy . The company assumed that since I am a woman that I did n't know what I was talking about . They would not send me a new piece without me sending the entire toy back at my expense !!!! I finally got the compartment open for the batteries myself and the thing only works when it wants to . When my daughter wanted to play with it , it would n't work , but accidentally bump it and it plays for a few seconds . After about 2 weeks of agrivation for both my daughter and myself the darn thing sits in the basement . I realize that this particular toy was just defective , but I was not happy at the way the company just dicarded my complaint . I honestly did not want to give this toy any stars at all but they do n't give you that option .
 Received this as a gift . One day was a enough -- we donated it to our daycare so someone else would have to deal with it . The music is obnoxious . Even our son did n't seem that interested in it . Do n't recommend buying -- even if you think you have more tolerance for such things than most parents .
 I bought this for my son when he was 12 months old because he loves Sesame Street . He played with it for 3 or 4 days , and showed no interest in it after that . It is a cute toy -- bright and colorful with nice music selections . It plays songs such as Skip to my Lou , This Old Man , and How to Get to Sesame Street . You can wave your hand over Ernie to make the song be played with classical instruments , Elmo for rock and roll , or Cookie Monster for jazz . You can also control the tempo and volume . There are a few piano type keys you can press , but it 's hard to tell what effect they have on the song . I think overall it 's hard for my son to understand the causes and effects of this toy . He 's 19 months old now , and still shows no interest in this toy . I wish I had n't wasted my money on it .
 My little 2 year old loves Ice Age I and II so I thought this would be a great hit . I guess it looks close enough to Diego that my daughter recognized it , but she kind of needed a bit of help as it is not all that similar . The legs also are soft and they bend easily so it is difficult to keep it standing up . She took a look at it , hugged it for 10 seconds and dropped it ... so there you go !
 Well , it is n't everyday someone sends a 13 year old a Barbie . I used to be OBSESSED by Barbies but I grew out of them.So , about a week ago I recieved a package from one of my mom 's friends . And surprise surprise it had a Nutcracker Barbie and the video.It 's really beautiful , but , really , not much to do with it , except for brushing it 's hair , twirling it around on her little stand and letting her fall in love with my Lifeguard Ken . But I thought the sticky little hair jewels make really neat Hindu jewels ... very cool .
 bought this for my 4 yr old daughter ... paid $ 8 ... so small it could be used as a key chain charm , or perhaps a charm for a charm braclet - what a rip : -LRB-
 We received these as a birthday gift and they only worked if you were in the same room , and even then the reception had alot of static . I am very disappointed in these .
 I was very dissapointed in the Turtle Walkie Talkies because my son is a avid Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle fan . I had ordered these for my son from Santa Clause . He went to use them with his father and they did n't work , He was very upset because he could n't understand that Santa Clause had done that to him.My overall review would be better if they would 've worked .
 I 'm a huge fan of LeapFrog toys . But this one never clicked for my twins . When they were younger it took to long to accomplish each turn and as they got older , it was just boring . At every turn , the game tells kids what to do , then they find a letter card and put it in a special slot . But there 's just so much talking and singing going on , the kids get bored . They want a game that moves quickly and this one does n't do it .
 You know , I had lots of games with game pieces when I was a child in the 70s . My closest sibling was four years older , so we were n't interested in the same games at the same time when we were young . My kids are DELIGHTED to get a game . Currently , they are 8 , 6 , and 3 years old , and we still have issues with losing pieces before we 've played the game more than a time or two . And , nowadays the games all have thin , flimsy pieces which are easily bent , torn , and mixed up with all of the other game pieces out in the game room . I guess this would have been a great game , if it were the only one we had and the pieces did n't get scattered and lost right away.Game manufacturers
 There was a missing piece when the giftee tried to put it together . That 's not good for a little child as they like to complete their projects . Very cute puzzle otherwise .
 I have officially lost my mind . I can not believe that the age range on this horrible monstrosity is 8 to 16 . I am 35 . I am educated . I have put together a million bionicles . The Lego guys are laughing their butts off at us , the American consumers . There are easily over a thousand pieces on this thing.Don ' t buy this , and if your kid got it for Christmas buy him a pony instead . Stable it in his room , it would be so much easier to scoop up pony poop for the lifespan of that animal than to put this heresy together . Boo Lego - we are DONE buying your products . I am calling and emailing everyone I know to tell them about the cruel joke Lego has played on the kids of America this year.Told you I lost my mind .
 This toy is fun for about 5 minutes . Bubba keeps repeating the same few phrases over & over . The bed time Bubba which I can no longer find , was totally awesome ! He said so many things and his little flashlight really worked . I bought so many of them for my nieces & nephews . Now that I have a son I would love to get him one , but naturally because something is great they stopped making it.Do yourself a favor and save your money as this Bubba is totally not worth it .
 This is the second time I have attempted to write this review and evidently my first review was not accepted ... which is a shame because this product is soooo overpriced . found on other web sites for much , much less . I am disappointed that Amazon does not publish bad reviews . I think your buyers have a right to know - good or bad .
 So disappointed . Found something similar by Matchbox and went with this . What a mistake . pieces do n't stay together . reassembling to put back in carrying case is impossible . you have to have your own vehicles to place with this toy which is deceiving in the packaging . This was nothing but disappointment each time we pulled it out . I have thrown it away and my 5 year has n't missed it .
 My 5 year-old son received this as a gift for his birthday . I feel bad that my SIL spent this much money on it . It took quite a while to put together . The quality is quite poor ! Every time he tries to play with it , it falls apart . I have to fix it for him each time he uses the ramp . Extremely disappointing ! I was also surprised that it did n't come with a single airplane or car .
 Purchased this toy because the picture on the box looked like it was a pop up airport . It 's a piece of junk -- many pieces of junk which are difficult to assemble for a young child . The pieces keep falling off when you try to play with it which frustrates my five year old son . I wrote the company to complain and never heard back from them .
 We asked Grandma for a toy with which my son could play his matchbox cars , something with a ramp . She thought she was doing us a favor by buying something you fold up and use to store the cars , along with a ramp and `` lift '' . As the other reviews say , you ca n't use it for storage until you take off ALL the pieces you spent a lot of cursing getting putting together . The lift was broken by Christmas afternoon and the ramp does n't stay on : - -LRB-
 Horrible plastic toy that does n't stay assembled for even five minutes of playtime . I regret the purchased and hope you do n't make the same mistake !!! plus , `` carrying case '' could only be used if you took the whole thing apart , what a waste of time !?!
 Have to agree with the rest of the reviewers . My son was excited to receive this as a gift but the quality is poor and the ramp does n't stay together at all . There 's no way to easily get it back into the case without taking it completely apart - which would be difficult for a 5 or 6 year old . Very disappointed .
 My son got this for his 5th birthday , and all I can say is JUNK ! It was hard to assemble and even harder to KEEP it assembled . The stickers were the most entertaining part . I was disappointed , not only because this thing hardly stands on its own , but also for the fact that it comes with NO accessories . Save your money !
 All the other reviews are right . It took 2 guys a couple hours to build this toy . It did n't come with ANY vehicles - not a single airplane . And when my 4 year old plays with it it falls apart . This leads to many tears and much disappointment . It 's a horrible toy . Do not buy it . This is the first review I have ever written and I am writing it to hopefully save some mom from making the mistake I made .
 This looked great . A carrying case and everything . But zillion small parts take an adult about 30 minutes to assemble , and do n't snap securely -- thus it falls apart almost right away with regular play . Plus you have to unassemble everything to use the carrying case . So there 's no point to the carrying case . We spent christmas with relatives and left it behind because it was such a headache . How could santa give us such an expensive piece of junk ?
 I took my 11 month old daughter to the toy store to buy a present for her 10 month old niece and she latched onto these and would n't let go . So we bought a set and brought it home . The girls had fun playing with them . They can not really connect them without help , but they enjoy playing with the structures -LRB- e.g. , bending chains of stars , etc -RRB- . They may be more educational as they get older , but for now they are mostly just fun.I agree with the reviewer who questions the choking rating
 This is a rip-off ! The same set is can be bought for half the price on the Fisher Price website . Actually , the one they sell directly lights up and plays Away in a Manger . I ca n't figure out why they would sell it for more than double the price on Amazon .
 I returned this toy to the seller as the product I received was not the one pictured . The product I received was a down sized version with fewer pieces . While the pieces were in plastic bags and appeared new , the product box looked terrible with many scuff marks ; not new at all . It also took about two weeks to arrive . :-LRB- I would not purchase from `` Wishing Well Toys '' again .
 This seller is a great person , and honest , she listed this product at a great price . But when I received it , it was not the set that is pictured . Amazon , continues to show this picture with other sellers as well . I have tried to purchase it twice since , but contacted the sellers first . It is Amazon 's responsibility to show a picture of the product , not the sellers , therefore you are buying the wrong set . I recommend that you contact the sellers and have them verify the set before you purchase . The set that you will receive is the `` Deluxe '' version that does not have Touch-N-Feel characters and it only has 12 characters -LRB- no cat -RRB- . The one you want has a cat and characters with furry heads . The seller refunded me promptly , and sent me a return label . Amazon needs to correct this problem . In the meantime , I am still trying to find the set that is pictured at a good price . So if anyone actually has this set please contact me at nanc@norvellfixture.comThanks!
 This is the third time we 've ordered this and the scoop string either breaks or the scoop mechanism is broken when we open it . Every time it 's been for a birthday so you can imagine how disappointed my kids were when I told them we had to return it .
 I 'm sure the product would have been fine if whoever shipped it did n't fold it in half to fit it in the box . I had to order another one from another company and that came to me in perfect condition .
 I did n't use it until last night when the kids came over for a visit . And it did n't work !!! I did n't save the info to send it back .
 A JOKE NOT WHAT i was looking for small tini box inside I thought I would give it to my day to eat
 Too bad giving no stars is n't an option . When I named my son Walter in 2008 , I had never heard of this series of books . I thought the name to be very distinguished and , even better , virtually unassailable -LRB- not to mention that Walter was the name of a dear family friend -RRB- . That it was a name that would be difficult to make fun of was important to me as I endured a lot of ridicule in school for my own name . -LRB- Who has n't heard of `` Charlotte 's Web '' ? - Ah , but at least that book had some literary merit . -RRB- It seems to me incredibly unfortunate that the authors could not have chosen a name for their farting dog that no child would ever be named . Perhaps Rover ... or even Kotzwinkle instead ? Any author that lacks the COMMON SENSE to foresee how this book will impact a generation of Walters going through elementary school deserves a good boycott . If you have already bought these books , do my son and all the other Walters at your kid 's school a favor and shred it . It would make a good compost ... at least then this series of books might do some good . What an incredibly hateful thing to do so many little children !
 It 's an alright hitting tool but it 's not even close to being worth the price . In fact , I paid a little over half the regular price when I got it on a lightning deal , I still do n't feel it 's worth what I paid . Others mentioned the cord tangling , this is absolutely correct . It tangles very frequently , and not only that but I 've had two of the lines break . Well , the lines did n't actually break but the little plastic knob/ball at the end came off of the line and it 's extremely difficult to get the line back into it . With the tangle problem I usually do n't use the tension cords anyway , I just use it as a basic tee where the kid hits it and we stop it and hit again , or I might line up a lefty on the opposite side of a righty so they can takes turn hitting so it spins back the other way towards the other batter . It 's really not a bad hitting tool even just used like I said , it 's just that it 's not worth the money . The only reason I even remembered to review this is because I 'm currently looking into getting a swingaway and I saw this as a similar item . I can tell you that even if you have to periodically replace the swingaway balls it 's still going to be a much better hitting tool for the money -LRB- they 're about the same price -RRB- . I know pro teams use the more expensive models of swingaway and I 've seen a lot of videos of its use , it seems to make a lot more sense than this does .
 Within the first year one of the power bands snapped and the batting head came off soaring across the yard . I know that my 8 & 7 year old do not have the power to hit this thing that hard . I glued it back on with epoxy resin . Within a few weeks the hitting head cracked . Replacement parts are expensive , I think . I should n't have to be replacing the hitting head within a year . Its designed to be hit . I guess the 90 day limited warranty says it all.In addition , I know my kids did not abuse this machine because I have to pull it out for them to play with and am with them when they use it . It is much too heavy for them to move at their ages.My neighbor has a similar device that is not the `` Jeter '' version . He uses his for his baseball team and has had no problems but the bands stretching out . His is almost 5 years old now . Mine did n't last a year.I would not recommend until they can make it better quality .
 The device works well , but the contact point on this unit is made out of hard plastic . Each contact makes a very loud ping . My daughter and I literally wear hearing protection when working with it . This is annoying , but my main concern is that thin-walled high performance bats could be damaged by this unit . Indeed there is a warning label on the stick that reads `` use only with practice bat . '' Because different bats swing differently I would prefer a unit that could be used with the game day bat .
 Buyer beware
 This flimsy plane lasted for two very short `` flights '' -LRB- 7 seconds -RRB- before the crash damage rendered it useless . I bought a Firefly for my daughter 's birthday . It was the `` big '' present , out of all her presents - the one she was looking forward to the most . Out of the box I noticed that it was kinda flimsy - very thin styrofoam wings . When discharging the battery as instructed by the manual , by holding it in hand while powering the props , I noticed that about halfway through the charge , in `` climb '' mode for both engines , one engine seemed to have less power -LRB- I noticed it more by sound rather than revolution or pull -RRB- . The next day we tried it out . I told my 8 year old daughter I 'd fly it for the first few flights until she could watch and learn the controls and their effects enough to control it . Our first flight lasted 5 seconds , until the plane turned and took a nose dive from about 3 feet off the ground . When I picked it up , I noticed a slight nick in the wing behind one engine and surmised that the wind must have flex forward enough for the prop to take a bite out of it . The second flight lasted two seconds - enough time for the plane to turn and dive , again from about three feet off the ground . The second crash broke the tail . That was it . I paid $ 50 for 7 seconds of `` enjoyment '' . I know Megatech has a replacement guarantee , but what fool would pay this company another $ 40 for another 7 seconds of `` enjoyment '' . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice shame on me .
 the handle pops of alot and if u put it back on it will pop off again . now i dont have a hande on mine n i have 2 carry it from da bottom . U CAN GET IT IF U WANT BUT I 'M TELLIN U IT WILL BREAK
 This puppet theater have a deffect in the asambly the wood hole doenn ' t work with the other parts . i THINK THE TOY IS GREAT BUT FOR THIS REASON I PAY LESS BECAUSE HAVE A DEFFECT .
 Could not assemble this product -- once all pieces were together the screws and holes were significantly out of alignment ... we were just about to drag out our drill when we discovered that even the curtain dowel holes were not sized properly . So we will be returning the product ... unfortunate since this is a birthday present for my son and because it 's a large toy we waited to assemble until night before . I usually love Melissa and Doug but this was a very disappointing and frustrating experience .
 For the theater itself , no complaints . It seems sturdy enough , and it certainly went together with no trouble . Can not yet report on how much the kids like it , as they wo n't see it until tomorrow morning -LRB- Christmas -RRB- . I fully expect that they will enjoy it greatly.The massive complaint I unfortunately have to include is that the description states that the theater ships with the Kidcraft Princess and Knight puppets , and these were not in fact included with the theater . I am going to try and follow up with Amazon to see what can be done about the missing puppets , and will update the review based on that .
 This was cute and easy setup but was broken within the month . Wish it had held up . Cute idea though
 We bought this for our children this Christmas . It was VERY VERY hard to build when it should n't be . Once finished it is a nice toy just be ready for an hour on the assembly ! In addition the picture on amazon are not the right pictures of the product .
 I 've had good experiences with Melissa and Doug items in the past . That 's what makes this poorly-made product so mystifying.One of the pieces used to attach the clock was missing , two of the screws in one of the side panels were stripped , making the entire thing loose , and one of the screws used to affix the cardboard header to the top of the theater was badly machined and would n't tighten all the way.For the price , I 'd expect all pieces to be included , pre-assembly to have been handled correctly and undergone adequate quality control , and all hardware to have been manufactured properly . Melissa and Doug really dropped the ball on this one . I wo n't be buying any of their products in the future .
 Holes were misaligned by over 2 inches on one side and nearly an inch on the foot section . Ordered another , hoping it was just a bad batch . Wood and fabrics were nice and the painted sign and clock were attractive .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I am an extremely handy guy , having assembled countless toys , furniture and other construction projects . I 've done a gut renovation on a bathroom and hung crown molding . My review should not be read as `` I know what I am doing and wont have the same problems as that person . `` Very few of the holes aligned to assemble the frame structure . The only way to do it is to attach the bolts loosely and `` bend '' the wood into place - then tighten everything down.The clock hands could not be attached with the supplied hardware . I was given two male parts , not a male and a female . I threw them both out and used a spare nut and bolt with a few washers.The sign on the top could not be properly attached with the two brass-colored fittings . Two problems there - First , the holes in the cross bar were so large the nut side of the assembly simply pulled through . Second , the tube part of the bolt -LRB- it 's an odd hardware design -RRB- was too long to secure the nut tightly . In the end , I went back into my hardware bag of extra odds and ends and found a bunch of old black washers that fit to keep the bolt from pulling through the hole and that allowed me to tighten the nuts properly.Once assembled , this is a great toy . My daughter has lots of fun . The chalk board works pretty well , but you need a wet rag to really get it clean . Two kids easily fit inside.I can not , however , recommend this because the assembly is simply terrible . You need to have a lot of extra parts and know-how to get this assembled properly .
 This toy is cute - my son likes Pokemon but the tail falls out all of the time so he does n't play with it . IT was a waste .
 I bought this toy not knowing it rode by itself with the push of a button . Nowhere in the description does it explain this . It was shipped to me pretty quickly , which was nice , but the directions to assemble it were not clear at all , and the battery compartment was really hard to screw off , even for my husband . The decals were cheap and most of them tore when I tried peeling them off to adhere to the car . If my daughter wants to just ride on it without using the button to make it run , it is very noisy . When she pushes the button , it rides itself , but goes very slow and is very loud . The only thing that she really likes about this so far is the fireman hat that came with it -- she wears it all the time . I would not purchase this again . If I had purchased this in a store , I would have returned it . Do n't waste your time or money on this thing .
 I purchased two of these chairs for my twins , they love them . They keep getting dumped forward out of them , however , almost every time they try to sit in them . They are 16mo old , and not big babies , but they do n't have room to turn around in them to sit without grabbing the top and pulling the whole thing over on top of themselves . They had a blast laughing and playing on top of the tipped over chairs however ! -LRB- Once they got over the intial head bump on the carpeting ! -RRB- Perhaps these chairs belong in a different category ! They will be returned for sturdy upholstered chairs like my older children have had . The cover looked like it could easily be unzipped/removed for washing if needed . Cute and colorful , but not functional !
 My daughter just rcv 'd this chair for Christmas . She is a very active child and this chair is too narrow and unsturdy for her . She 's fallen over several times , just bcs she has leaned to the side while sitting in it . I would NOT recommend this chair for any toddler .
 My son has this toy but I have n't given it to him to play with yet , so I ca n't comment on how much he likes it , however I am compelled to leave a review because looking at the tag on this toy it clearly states MADE IN CHINA . Yes Haba is a German company , and yes , some of their toys are manufactured in Germany , but some are also manufactured in China , and this product description is wrong in stating made in Germany . I have other Haba products that my son loves , and do state manufactured in Germany , but if you are looking for something not made in China , buyer beware !
 It really is ! I like Haba products , but I had to return this one . The clip is not easy to use and the whole thing is just too big : -LRB-
 I 'm not sure if I got a defective chain or not . I have searched and in these reviews no one has mentioned the loop being too big ! However I can not get the loop at the end of the chain to stay on any of my daughter 's pacifiers at all . I 'm usually not slow , however I definitely can not figure this toy out . It 's cute and has a great clip and even though she 's small she does n't seem to mind the bulkiness of the chain itself , yet her 's can not be used as a pacifier holder ! : -LRB-
 My son is obsessed with forklifts . Evertime we go to the store he listens for the beeping of the forklift and then we have to go look for it and watch it for forever . I thought he would love to have a forklift of his very own . Since we are trying to stay away from wood toys , I bought this one . It looked durable and fun with the little guy and a pallet with blocks to lift up and down.We got the forklift and I opened the box up and you have to attach the front part of the forklift -LRB- the fork part that goes up and down -RRB- with this crappy peg that fits in a hole . Thats it !!! No screws , or anything . So of course the pegs keep coming out of the holes . Next , the crank you turn to make the forks go up and down broke , within 5 minutes of playing and I was the one playing so I know I was being very careful . Imagine what would happen if kids were to play with it ... how long would it last then.I am very disappointed in this toy . I was so happy to get it and then it broke so fast . I 'm sending it back and getting Guidecraft 's forklift.Guidecraft CITO Forklift with PalletIt 's a little more expensive , but I want a toy that will last through ALL of my kids and be fun and durable to play with .
 My 3 year old got this toy as a gift . He plays with it and seems to enjoy it but overall I am not impressed with this toy ... - The forklift angles down slightly meaning that things tend to slide off it really easily , especially when moving the vehicle around . - The little man does not fit into the vehicle very well . My son gets very frustrated trying to get him in -LRB- the space is a little small for such a long person and requires more dexterity than most 3 year olds would have -RRB- and then once he is in he does n't stay put . - The durability is generally ok -LRB- the vehicle has stood up to some tosses when my son got frustrated -LRB- see above -RRB- -RRB- but the workmanship was not what I would have expected from plan toys -LRB- or from the price -RRB- . On the first day the little man 's foot came unglued as well as another small -LRB- and seemingly insignificant -RRB- part on the forklift .
 This is the cutest forklift . Unfortunately , it is not at all durable . We ordered one , and the forklift part on the front broke off within 10 minutes of play . So we figured it was a fluke , and ordered another . That one broke within 30 seconds . It 's such a shame because it really is cute , and my son loved it for the extremely brief moment he was able to play with it.We have other Plan Toys trucks that are fine , but we also had a batch of roadway vehicles that broke in half very easily -LRB- we reordered those , and the replacements were fine -RRB- . So beware of Plan Toys unless you 're ok sending it back if it breaks . It would be sad to get it for a birthday and have it break before the party was even over .
 The fork lift knob was tough to turn for raising and lowering ... perhaps even impossible for the younger ones . And one of the wood nobbies that attaches one body piece to the other broke off the same day we opened it . We have since returned this and are looking for a different forklift toy .
 Product arrived broken . You do n't take a toy from a 3 year old to return it as soon as he opens it . He 'll love the toy when it 's been repaired but it 's been a disappointing day . Fortunately it can be repaired at home and will be stronger than designed . I would have expected more from Plan Toys .
 Bought this because it wall all my son -LRB- nearly 3 -RRB- asked Santa for . Well , it 's been 36 hours and it 's broken . The lift arrives separate from the body of the truck in the box . It attaches with two small pegs . First , in an effort to insert the pegs and attach the lift I nearly broke off the steering wheel -LRB- I was using it for leverage by accident to get the pegs securely attached -RRB- . Then the lift came off many times during Christmas day and the next day of play . Just before bed my mother tripped over it and the pegs sheered off so the lift can not be attached . It 's the shorted life of any toy we 've ever had . While I love the non-toxic policy and the attractive design of the Plan toys , I 'm not sure I 'll buy any again given that this is a design flaw.Oh , and one of the four wheels does not turn freely making it stick when my son tries to drive it.All in all , not impressive for any toy , let alone a prestige brand one . I 'll be returning it , clearly . A waste of money even at half price .
 ... My son and daughter have never had a problem with any other ride-on toy tipping over , I think it 's very poorly designed and would not recommend it to anyone .
 I love all Haba toys as they are usually of excellent quality . This one , however , came apart after 2 weeks . It . is a chain of wooden individual pieces . Babies love to chew on these chains , especially while teething . Fortunately , I noticed that one of the elements came apart before my daughter could choke on it . The drilled hole in the piece must have been too big and thus caused thhe whole piece to crack . I broke it off the chain . A few days later I saw another crack on the next individual part and also broke this off , before my baby could choke on this part . I then threw the whole chain away . I am really disappointed by this product 's quality and will contact Haba about this .
 The latch is easy to use and secure , always important for pacifier chains , but my 6 month old loved to chew on the wooden hearts and the cord broke ! When it fell apart we had a close disaster with her almost swallowing small beads !! Not a good thing .
 My 2-year is a tricycle riding maniac . He LOVES riding and can peddle so well . I bought this tricycle because he can comfortably reach the peddles . The problem is that it tips over VERY easily . I am searching for another trike that is more stable so I do n't have to stay within a foot of him to try and catch him when he 's about to have a bad fall . I recommend you find a tricycle with a lower center of gravity and a wider wheel base in back . However , my son enjoys it and it is durable .
 I would never buy this trike again for a child . It tips VERY easily when the child 's weight leans even the slightest bit forward or to the side . Enough said . Money wasted and damage done .
 This trike is too tall , and the front wheel is too small . The result is that it tips over VERY easily . I wo n't even let my two year old on it , because it falls over so easily . My 31/2 year old can ride it straight on a totally flat surface , but we live on a cul-de-sac that has a slight slant to it , and any time she tries to turn it at all she tips right over . Even the 4 year old boy next door falls down on this . It 's so tippy that the neighbors wo n't let any of their kids ride it ! Not only that , but the grippers on the handles come right off . I love Radio Flyer , and I certainly have fond memories of their products from when I was a kid , but I wish I had gotten a lower , wider , safer tricycle instead of this one .
 This was a gift for our son when he was 2 . There was no way he could reach the pedals . Age 3 -- not reaching . Age 4 -- not reaching . Age 4 and 1/2 he can reach , but he does n't feel safe on it . Now he is almost 5 and is still afraid to ride it . Keep in mind , he is a little bit shorter than the average bear . Now he 's afraid to try . It 's too tipsy and will not take bumps well . He 'd rather stand near it and ring the bell . Now we also have a 2-year-old girl and she wants to ride it , but I 'm terrified that she would fall off . The seat is too small and has them perched so high that I 'm afraid to even let them ride on it while I push.I think this should be for an older child with smooth sidewalks and no fear -- but that type of child probably would be bored with its lack of flexibility and poor turning capability.Why two stars ? The looks , of course . It decorates the garage nicely .
 This toy was bought by my parents to our 3-year old son . He 's likes to look at it and play with the bell and streamers . However , It 's not safe at all ! Our son ca n't reach the pedals while turning even with the seat at the lowest setting . Like the other reviews I read we have the same problems with the handle bar . Also , even though my son knows how to ride it , the bike still tips over every once-in-a-while , unlike his playschool plastic trike . I think he has a new room decoration , but not recommended for riding .
 I had the same problems and have written to Radio Flyer . The handlbars do not stay in alignment -LRB- and I even got a replacement part to supposedly fix this problem -RRB- and the tricycle tips far too easily . Do n't fall for the rugged look , it is not worth the money . Get something from another company made of plastic . I find this bike dangerous and will not let my son ride it .
 My 3 year old ca n't reach the petals -LRB- she is considered tall for her age -RRB- . She is also terrified to ride this horrible tricycle because it tips over ! Nostaglia is about all it is good for !
 Sorry to say but the product got a negative review for safety from children 's magazine because it tips over easily . We got it for our grandson and before we could give it we were asked to take it back .
 My 21/2 year-old received this bike for Christmas . We all loved its retro look and it seemed pretty sturdy . He had only had it for a couple of days when we noticed he was peeling off the shiny metallic coating from the handlebars . His grandmother tried to brush away the loose flakes and received several substantial cuts on her fingers and hand . We got rid of the bike immediately ! Also , while it says it is appropriate for ages 2 and up , his older brother was barely big enough to pedal it .
 I bought two of these for my twin daughters who are 4-1/2 now and they still have trouble riding them.The trike will topple over if the wheels are turned too sharply . The center of gravity is too high for small children . One of my daughters said she 's rather just walk in the parade and wave a flag than learn how to ride it for the 4th of July parade . That 's when I decided I need to get her a different trike if her experience has been that bad.Also , the bolts come loose and the wheel can turn without turning the steering wheel no matter how tightly the bolts are tightened . Same with the seat - it wiggles.The other daughter fell off the trike and the lever for the bell dug into her skin causing a bad scrape.It 's pretty and the bell has a lot of nostalgia but it has n't been practical at all . Trike riding should feel like a joy but with these , the kids think I 'm giving them a chore when I say `` Let 's go ride tricycles . ''
 When purchasing this product , I thought that the brand Radio Flyer was a brand that I could depend on for durability since I was using this item in my preschool . I found that the bicycle that I purchased was not as sturdy as other bicycles that I have purchased in the past and the handle bars could not be tightened enough to keep them from moving , which prevents my 2-4 year olds from riding and turning the bike properly .
 I bought model # 33 tricycle and it looks beautiful and is veryeasy to ride - my 2 year old son loves it . Unfortunately after1 hour of riding on it he fell of 3 times - so did my friendskids 3 and 2 year old boys . There is something completelywrong with its weight . When the front wheel is turned even alittle bit in one direction and the child bends forward inanother there are down on their faces.It looks so nice but this model is very dangerous andpractically unusable ... Try model # 36 - it looks safer with thechain drive.Anna -LRB- Mother of 27 month old and 7 month old -RRB-
 I purchased this tricycle for my 2 year old son-he is 4 now . What a mistake ! The bike tips over very easily when turning and it 's very hard to tell a 2 year old to slow down when he 's trying to have fun . Even in slow speed turns you can see the inside back tire start to lift.With a 2 year old , riding the tricycle occasionally , all the tread wore off the front tire in 6 months and I have not found anyone who sells replacement tires.Although I grew up with Radio Flyer 's back in the 60 's , and they were made very well back then , I have to say I would never buy a Radio Flyer product again .
 We purchased this bike for our two and a half year old son , since it 's age reccomendation was for 24 months through 5 years . He could not reach the pedals , let alone the ground -LRB- and he is in the 75 % for his height -RRB- and he was constantly falling over on it . Also , the handle bar could not be tightened enough to stay in proper alignment with the front tire , so it was always turned sideways to make the bike go straight . My neighbor also has this bike and hers does the same thing . Finally , after about five months of my four year old riding it , the front tire has just completely broke off of the frame !! We are very disappointed in the stability and quality of this bike . It looks cute , but do n't be fooled . It is very top/front heavy and is always falling over when you make a turn . Do n't buy it !!!
 I ordered this bike as the main present for my four year old 's birthday . Imagine the disappointment when we could not sufficiently tighten the bolt that attaches the handlebars to the front wheel , so the handlebars turn independently from the wheel -LRB- making the bike unusable -RRB- . We called the manufacturer and they sent us a new part -- we replaced it and it did not solve the problem . Now they are sending us a different part . Meanwhile , my daughter is still without a bike .
 This trike is advertised with other trikes . However , while the others are 10 inch trikes , this one doesnt inform the custumer that it is a 12 '' trike and not suitable for 2 year olds.It is beyond me why the size of this bike is not in the ad!Isnt it fair to assume that if it is listed with other 10 inch trikes and no other sizes that this is a 10inch also?This trike is much too big for a 2 yo .
 I worked in bicycle shops for years and assembled many tricycles . I purchased this one for my 2.5-year-old daughter because she saw one at the hardware store and loved it . The trike has the classic Radio Flyer look , which is great , and its steel construction gives it some heft and the appearance of durability.But there are problems . The pedal/crank/front fork assembly relies on a cheap plastic casing to hold these critical pieces together -LRB- every time the child pedals the trike , all of these parts are under stress -RRB- . The casing fell out on one side almost right away , leaving the crank separated from the fork . Trying to lightly tap it back into place with a hammer proved unsuccessful . Also , the handlebar/headtube assembly relies on a nut-and-bolt configuration that even under repeated tightening was unable to hold the handlebar securely in the headtube . this , of course , is maddening to both adult and child when handlebars are constantly out of alignment.Buy with caution .
 We bought this Radio Flyer Tricycle for my now five year old when she was two . It tips over horribly . The front will `` jack-knife '' and then it tips over . She refused to ride it until she was older , even though she could reach the pedals with no problem . She just got tired of tipping over and crashing . When she was three , it seemed to work better for her and not tip quite as much . We kept it because it is so cute and reminiscent of the old days . Now , our 2nd daughter is two and we are going through the tip-overs all over again . It 's very unsafe and frustrating for both child and parent . We are going to sell it in a yardsale and buy another brand that has better reviews and is not known to tip so easily . Radio-Flyer , you need to do a little work on this one to make it safer for this era .
 It 's a cute toy and has all the impressions of the classic but built like a Shenzhen knock-off . Even if you did n't see the made in China sticker you can tell these are not made in Chicago any more.So disappointed with the fit and finish of this , I feel like I 'd rather make this from scratch for my child than to have purchased it.The kid loves it , and will have a great time but the engineer in me know it could be better and feel that Radio Flyer is phoning it in.I 'm honestly ashamed I gave them money for this . Does the product work ? Sure . Will the kid have fun ? Sure . Could this be built in America at a competitive price ? I have to believe it can .
 My daughter received this for Christmas when she was about 2 . She loved all things red , so it seemed to be the perfect gift . However , when kids try to turn , it flips over ! I thought it was just my daughter trying to turn too sharp , but my son has flipped it nearly every time he has tried it as well . THe neighborhood kids have flipped it over as well , resulting in many scraped hands and knees but luckily no heads . I AM THROWING IT AWAY !
 My Mother bought this bike for my 2 year old son as a big brother gift when we had our second child . We had it for a couple of weeks and he drove around in the house fine . But when we took it out on the sidewalk it kept toppling over if he hit an uneven part on the sidewalk . So we took it to the park to a very flat section and he kept falling over . Even a 3 year old friend kept falling over and getting hurt . I took the bike back the next day . Yes the bike is as cute as can be but be careful . . wear a helmet and pads !
 We were so excited to buy this bike for our 2 year old . We figured Radioflyer is a well known brand which has been around for over 70 years ; however , now the bike is not made with quality American standards . It 's made in China . The bike has a noxious odor which is so strong that I fear it may be carcinogenic to our kids ' precious lungs and bodies . The bike is not very constructed and tips over easily . Now it will be a cumbersome task to return this product that we tediously assembled . More disappointing , this toy purchase was a `` tease '' to our child who was so excited have his first `` real '' bike.I guess , the search will go on . :-LRB- Buyers beware when buying ANY products for your kids . Nowadays , company profit supersedes children 's well-being .
 We bought these bikes for our 2 y/o son and 3 y/o daughter for Christmas . While they look great and are very sturdy , they are just too darned big for a little toddler . Even now 9 months later they still can not sit on the seat and reach the pedals . By the time they will be able to reach teh pedals they will be ready for a two wheeler . My kids are not tiny either , my daughter is 50 percentile and my son is 90 percentile . Get a smaller tricycle so your kids can ride it . We have a Planet Kiddo hand me down -LRB- made in Germany -RRB- that is much smaller and my daughter rides that around.Edited to add
 My husband bought this for our two year old son ... and it was just too big for him to use . So , we thought we 'd wait . We had it outside , under a tarp and within two months , it started to rust . Once it started , the rust could n't stop . So basically , a big waste of money.Should have bought the plastic Rock-n-Roll Trike instead or a Kettler .
 My little guy received this trike from his Grandparents when he was two . He could just reach the peddles and was very excited about it . It took a few months before he could really reach the peddles and get moving on it . Every time and I mean EVERY time he rides the trike it tips over on him and he ends up hurt . As one of the other reviews states , I thought maybe he was turning to sharp but even when I hold on and help him turn slowly I feel it start to tip . It 's now hanging in the garage and he will not be riding it again . We will be buying him a more stable/safe trike .
 I never write reviews but I feel the need to do so on this item.I bought this tricycle for my son 's second birthday . He could n't quite figure out the pedaling aspect when I first gave it to him but I figured he would get the hang of it.Unfortunately , now that he is bigger and more coordinated he is still unable to pedal . Though he can easily reach , the pedals have a lot of resistance which makes it hard for him to go further than one push . Keep in mind , my son is often confused for being four rather than two so I do n't believe its that he is too weak or small . I think that if he had learned on a bike that was easier to pedal he probably would have been able to figure this one out but so far , no luck.Other than that , the tricycle is perfect . Great looking , not terrible to put together . No complaints except for the difficulty of pushing . Thus , I would not recommend this for a first tricycle.Please give suggestions for a better first tricycle as I am still on the hunt !
 I bought this tricycle as christmas gift for my 3 year old son in December 2010 . We could not use it till now because the handle bar could not be tightened enough to stay in proper alignment with the front tire.The design is very bad . The handle bar is connected to the front tire completely by friction . No matter how much I tightened the clap which make the friction between handle bar and front tire , the handle bar still turns away from the from tire easily . So the handle bar and front tire can not be aligned . This tricycle is completely useless.I saw someone just drilled a hole and put a pin bwteen handle bar and front tire connection . Maybe that is the only solution .
 It 's a beautiful tricycle and pretty irresistible to us parents who had similar ones as a child , but RESIST ! It topples easily -- very easily . My son is 3 years old , 40 inches tall and 38 pounds . This trike is the perfect size for him and he can ride it really well . But if he turns any kind of halfway sharp turn , it tries to tip over . If he goes the least bit fast , it starts to tip over . I 'm a nervous wreck when he 's on this trike because it 's constantly about to tip over , and sometimes , of course , it does tip over and we have to untangle him from it . He avoids it and prefers to ride an old trike we paid $ 5 for at a garage sale . We finally bought a REAL trike -- the Supertrike 3 . It 's much , much better.Don ' t go for nostalgia , go for function and safety . Do n't buy this tricycle .
 My son received this bike for his 3rd birthday from his grandparents . We loved it 's looks . When the weather broke we took it outside and we were ready for some fun . Well everytime my son turned the bike fell over . When you turn it cuts too sharp and the bike tips over . After three times of getting hurt that was it and he will not ride the bike now . We thought maybe he was too young so we let our neighbors son ride , he is four he also fell twice and will not ride . Last but not least we let a 5 year old try she also fell twice and that was it for her . They look at the bike as if to say , `` I 'm not riding that bike . '' So now it sits in our garage . I will say though it is a beautiful bike just not made to turn .
 I did n't heed the warnings , because some people gave this trike 5 stars and some gave it 1 , with little middle ground . I loved the looks of the tricycle so much I decided to listen to the 5-star people . I wish I had n't . My son is almost 3 , and he 's 40 inches tall and weighs 39 pounds , so he 's not a tiny guy . He 's learned he 'd better not turn the handlebar very fast or he 'll tip over . He 's learned he 'd better not pedal very fast or he 'll tip over . I 've learned I 'd better be ready to grab him at any moment or he 'll be tangled up on the ground with a tricycle on top of him . The center of gravity in this trike is WAY too high and is dangerous . I suppose it must work better for bigger kids -LRB- i.e. 5 and up -RRB- , but definitely not for its intended users , ages 3 and 4 . His little Roadmaster tricycle we bought at a garage sale is way better , because it wo n't tip over no matter what he does.Trikes should be made to go fast and be stable , and this one does not fit the bill .
 My daughter received this tricylcle for her second birthday . She is very tall for her age and already knew how to pedal a trike . She was so excited to get her first bike , but that excitement turned to frustration very quickly . She tipped over every time , even when she was not moving -- just leaning over to look at the pedals . The center of gravity on this tricycle is much too high and the back wheel base is too narrow . We went to ToysRUs and let my daughter try out several other trikes and she loves the Kiddi-O Supertrike 4 . A great bike that is n't a health hazard !
 I sent this to my daughter for my grandson 's first birthday . She returned it and emailed me this comment
 Our daughter received this toy as a gift , and her arm got stuck in one of the holes at the top while reaching for a ball as it went down . She nearly broke her arm trying to get it out -LRB- luckily we were supervising and stepped in -RRB- . Also , the balls are hard to pound through the holes and since the base is not attached to the main piece , the two separate constantly . This toy was a huge disappointment !
 Once the balls traveled down the internal slide , they would get stuck at the bottom . You had to pick up the toy and shake it to get the balls out . Not well designed .
 We have ordered 2 so far and both had holes and bad seams , Amazon replaced it but it is not durable
 There are so many toy cars for toddlers on the market that there 's no reason to buy one that 's less than perfect . This particular model is definitely far from perfect.The problem with this model -LRB- and there are a few variations like it , so look out for those -RRB- is that it 's just not easy to use for a toddler . Toddlers like to push and pull on things wontonly , and they expect results when they do . If something gets stuck , that 's bad.In the case of this car , there are a few problems :1 -RRB- The center seat will only lift if the steering wheel is perfectly centered . Even a slight turn to the left or right will cause the steering wheel to block the seat . Needless to say , my 18-month-old does not understand that .2 -RRB- Once you get the center seat open , it detaches too easily . The only way to re-attach is to use two hands to push in the retracting hinges and carefully position it back . Again , not something that a toddler can do .3 -RRB- The rear door is hard to open . It acts like those airplane trays with the knob that turns . And like the steering wheel , it needs to be in an exact position for the door to be unlocked . No toddler toy should ever have a locking mechanism of any kind . The door should just have a handle , and a good tug should open it.I gave this car two stars because the overall idea is good , it 's just that it needs to be redesigned .
 This is not the best riding toy I could have picked . First the positives - this comes with a bunch of extra toys , people and blocks that fit other Chicco toys , and can be used as a shape sorter . I also found it lots cheaper on another web site . The negatives - The seat is not fit tightly in its hinges , so it falls off easly , but my son is not able to put it back on , so I have to , * every time * . Also , the play station on the handle only has one volume , LOUD , so loud in fact that it scares him and he wont play with it . I would advise to pick a diffrent car .
 I am putting this in the wrong place because I do not see the item on azazon . DO NOT BUYTHE CHICCO REMOTE CONTROL CAR FOR AGES 2 + . It did not work at all the first time and the replacement lasted a whole 4 hours ! Was not mistreated at all but just not built to last . They are just trying to get your cash ; problem is the kids are the ones who suffer .
 I am absolutely amazed at the idiocy of the designers of this product . This product is supposed to teach children cognitive skills about shapes and colors , and how certain shapes will only fit into their corresponding `` hole . '' But alas , the round and square shapes fit into each other 's hole . What ever happened to the whole `` square peg in a round hole '' theory ? I do n't mean to be overly critical , but WTF ! What 's the point of having distinct holes for each shape if it does n't even matter ? This POS is going back - I refuse to pay for someone else 's incompetence !
 My one year old got has finger caught in the trunk door and was severely bruised . This is a dangerous toy for small fingers .
 I am simply disappointed with this Barbie ! She 's downright unattractive . Her dark skin is lovely , but the makeup gives her features an ashen and dull look . Her hair is not cut well . It has a spiky effect that adds nothing to her look . To top it off , the fabric of her costume looks cheap , and the costume itself looks poorly made . Other Barbies Princess of Greece , Portugal and India are exqusite . When Mattel creates other Princesses from sub-Saharan African countries and empires they will do well to remember that black is indeed beautiful .
 Doll is not as nice as photos . At the store , her hair is matted and the makeup is too dark . The outfit is cheap looking . They really could have made a great doll , but goofed .
 The doll is ugly in reality . She does n't look at all like she does in pictures online . The hair is all matted and the makeup is too dark . The clothing is cheap and cheesy looking .
 I ' m African myself and I am here to tell you we are not at all ash colored . Indeed Africans south of the Sahara are the most heterogonous people on earth . Our colors ranges from bluish black to alabaster , indeed anthropologists have on record Africans that are greenish in color . Now while I understand that the economics of mass production dose not allow for expressing this variance in color in your African dolls , it is unforgivable , having gone into the trouble of satisfying the demands for black dolls , to produce dolls that are little more than stereotypes . I do so look forwards to the day when those that have the power to influence tastes , such as your company , ceases to pretend Africans are the sum of their worst while everyone ells is the sum of their bestP.SAnd please we are not sub-Saharan Africans we are Africans south of the Sahara . Sub Saharan Africa conjures and image of depravity because of the negative association that the word Sub conjures . In any case it is my belief that those who coined the phrase intended this .
 This is by far the worst I 've seen an African Barbie look -LRB- just plain ugly -RRB- . You could have done so much better . I only collect Black Barbies , however , I really would like to see more of them in your collection for the consumer like myself . It 's getting more difficult for your company to get my business . So please try just a little harder . You are becoming like the `` precious moments '' makers , who hardly has a black image in their collection and can not get a `` crying dime '' of my money .
 I bought this for my K'nex obsessed son because they supposedly work with K'nex . I suppose they do , but they BREAK . In fact they break ALL the time ! Evidently it 's something the manufacturer is quite aware of because there 's an illustration in the instruction book about how you can use them in their new forms when they break!My son decided to stick with his K'nex and I 'm out an Uber lot of money .
 We love Legos and K'nex so we were excited about a new building toy that would work with both . We were so excited about the product , we bought a few sets to build on vacation . After building a couple of things , we were so disapponted with the system we gave it away . Pieces are difficult to put together , break easily and create flimsy final products .
 My two boys , age 9 & 11 , are avid builders of Lego , Keva Blocks , Playmobil and Rokenbok . They have had the set for 2 years and have n't built anything but a light sabre . I put it away , then bring it out at a later date hoping to spark their interest . They have great imaginations but just ca n't seem to engage with this set and I 'm not sure why . It 's just not very interesting to them .
 My 4 yr . old son received this camera as a gift , and boy was he excited -LRB- as were we all -RRB- ! But what a disappointment . The film stopped advancing midway through the roll as we could tell we were tearing the sprocket holes . This happened again to the 2nd roll and then it just broke ! . The button you press down just stopped working . The directions were useless and I even went through the expense of getting new batteries -LRB- although the camera mechanics seem manual -RRB- . I tried contacting Chicco via the internet twice and the toll free number and never heard back . We exchanged the camera for a new one . Again we were all excited , especially my son . Sadly the film got `` stuck '' somewere between the pictures he took of Grandma in the airport and Dinosaur State Park . We could n't advance the film or rewind it . We were SO dissappointed again ! We really wanted this to work ! It 's so hard for me to give up on it , but I think I have to .
 My Mother-in-law bought two of these pieces of junk for grand children for Christmas , and neither camerad worked . The film did not advance correctly , the sprockets tore the film and the shutter release did not work on either of them . Both are completely useless , and the kids are heartbroken . AVOID THIS TOY ...
 My daughter was exited with her `` real camera '' until we processed the pictures - they showed that light had leaked into the camera and they where all a washed out blur . what a waste of money . We have more fun with our kodax instant pictures ... try writing on them while they develop
 We also purchased this camera for our daughter last Christmas . She was excited , and has used it three times for her projects
 Our 31/2 year-old , budding photographer was thrilled to pieces when he opened his very own camera for Christmas last year . He took pictures every chance he could , and quickly went through the first roll . Sadly , we discovered that every picture he took was completely over-exposed . How disappointing ! Of course , we tried again with 3 or 4 more rolls , then gave up . We would have been better off buying him a real camera ! Do n't waste your money !
 I was so excited to find a camera my son could use . I purchased from amazon for Christmas and since then we have gone through 3 rolls of film with hardly any photos turning out . The back cover is too easy for a child to open , exposing the film . Its hard to tell when the last photo has been taken . Directions are almost worthless ... in every kind of language but the one you need . Very disappointing to all of us !
 My son received this camera as a gift at a `` big brother '' party / shower so he could take pictures of his new baby brother . He took pictures at the hospital when our new addition arrived and then took it on school field trips . His teacher allowed him to use it on his birthday at school to capture some of his birthday memories . When we took the 3 rolls of film to be developed , not one picture came out . My son was devistated . He has since given it to his baby brother so he can `` push the bottons '' . I overheard him telling his little brother `` not to put film in it though because it does n't work ! '' Now if a 5 year old can figure out it does n't work , why did n't someone at the Chicco company wise up and do something about it ?!?!
 Bummer , opened on Christmas Day and did ` nt work from the start . Film does n't advance . Too bad we did n't keep the receipt . Kids now use it as a ` pretend ' camera , which is really what it is .
 seriously , i just got on google to search the camera 's instructions . we ca n't get the film out !!!! well , no one really can either . ugh ... how is it still for sale ?????????? jeez ... unbelievable . how about we ALL contact Chicco right now ! everyone who has experienced this sad and stupid disappointment has the right to have Chicco hear it . and maybe they can be responsible and actually do something about it !!!!!!!!!!!
 I could kick myself for ignoring all those other reviews which described this camera 's unacceptable performance . The cute and kid-friendly design drew me in but after sending off the first roll of film and learning NONE of the photos could be developed , I discovered the mechanics are completely substandard . Now I 'm finding it difficult to load and advance the film ... thought I figured it out , then realized the film did n't thread at all even though the number indicator advances each time you press the button . Forwarding wheel seems to be losing its action , too.Please do n't waste your money ; even disposable cameras would be more reliable and economical than this piece of junk . It 's really too bad , because my daughter found the camera fun and easy to use . A better mechanical design would make this thing wonderful .
 The only thing gained from this toy is child and parental fruatration . Film does n't advance , flash does n't work ...
 I bought this for my grandson 's 3rd birthday . What a beatiful and fun camera . The only problem , it does n't work at all . It does n't advance the film and if you can get it to advance it certainly does n't rewind to take the film out . What a heartbreak . It 's got such a great outside design and is so child friendly . Chicco should work over the camera part and this would sell big . The Fisher Price child camera works well , it 's just too hard for a young child to use and has no fun features . Too bad the outer camera of the chicco could n't be combined with the inner camera of the fisher price . Any young entrepreneurs out there ??? This would be a great science project .
 Cute camera ... however it does NOT work . I should have known from start when putting the film in to operating it , nothing was easy . Used the 12 exposure film that came with it and also used a 24 exposure on Christmas Day . Only a hand full of pictures turned out , the rest were double exposures and blanks . I do n't think the film advanced right . Santa will be replacing this one .
 This is a terrible excuse for a camera . I have used 35mm film cameras for over 25 years , and I thought this would be fun for my son . The film does not advance properly , hence you do n't get any pictures ! My son clicked away , using the advance knob after each shot , only to have me open the back to get the film out and not a single shot had been taken ! I ruined several rolls of film trying to use this piece of junk . I thought it would be good coming from a reputable company like Chicco , but it is definitely not . I contacted the company , and they sent me another one . The 2nd is just as terrible as the first .
 I bought this on impulse before I saw any reviews . I only searched for the camera online because I ca n't get it to work ! It is so cute on the outside and my son loves the smiley face lighting up . . but you cant get the film to forward correctly ! Or the flash to work ! Too bad I have to return it and I love Chicco toys - they are always so sturdy !
 My son loves to take photos , so I bought this `` sturdy & fun '' camera for him . We were quickly disappointed by the performance of the camera -- it flashes erratically , even with new batteries , plus the film mechanism is faulty -- it tore apart the film when we rewound it . We began with excitement for the camera , but it quickly turned to disappointment .
 We bought this camera for our 4 year old daughter last Christmas and were never able to get it to work . Her `` big '' gift request this year is again , a camera , and I 'm searching for one that will work ! We were never able to get the film moving through the camera and it was a huge disappointment . I had to put in 1 star for each category , but I would 've put in zero if given the opportunity.I recommend buying anything but this camera !
 Flash did not work , went through 2 roles of film and got no pictures . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!
 Received one of these as a gift and it was broken when we took it out of the box . Took a look at the other reviews and should have gotten a clue from what I saw , but decided to take a chance and order another . Bad idea ... the second one was broken out of the box as well . I 'm going to stick with the ball track pieces that do n't have any plastic parts .
 Ours came broken , too -- I do n't know it it 's the design or material , but I 'm very surprised this toy was able to be manufactured and sold . HABA is normally a reliable brand . My son excitedly opened his end-of-the-school-year present , and ... broken . What a disppointment .
 My son received this as a birthday gift and was so disappointed when we opened the box and found that one end of the spiral had broken off at the point where it connects to the block . I was the one unpacking the box and could see that it had happened either during packaging or transit . It 's a plastic spiral and thin plastic at that . We 'll be returning this item and buying a different ball track accessory since it 's clear that this one is not durable . I 'm sure he would have enjoyed the flexibility of the track , but it needs to be made of something better than thin plastic !
 I bought this product almost a year ago . Now , suddenly , the seller has harvested my trusted-accounts-only email address from the transaction and started sending me spam that they claim I have `` signed up for '' . Worse yet , they are evidently doing it through an offshore spam factory , and so it seems likely that my absolutely-spam-free email account has been destroyed by this abuse of theirs.I recommend that you do not do business with this supplier , in my experience they can not be trusted !
 I 'd give it zero stars but that is not an option on this form.This virtual ping pong game does not work . The game unit either does not detect the paddles or crashes every time we try to play it . We have put in fresh batteries and tried everything . It could be that we have a malfunctioning unit , but it 's not worth it to try to return it , buy another one and have our child disappointed all over again.A piece of junk .
 An absolute waste of money . The sensors do not work . I just threw mine in the garbage , $ 40 down the drain .
 Ok , It small parts , that get lost easily , painted with lead paint , all plastic , made by children who get paid not enough to purchase it themselves , its a waste of our earth 's resources AND it will be on the earth for the next million years . Gogo get you some !
 This pool is made up of a thin plastic bottom , the sides are plastic coated cardboard . Very poor quality , packed so that I ca n't send it back without putting it in a large box and paying alot of postage . Very over priced for something that ca n't be used .
 this pool is larger than I thought and is not adapted when you do n't want to keep the water -LRB- because of mosquitoes -RRB- all night long and you want to change it every day . Too big and you have to fill it largely otherwie it does n't work , the sides fall down .
 When I went to fill this up ... We were very , very careful to spread out the pool ... purchased and laid down the protective ground cover ... 2 '' of water noticed a small 1/4 '' hole . The bottom not attached to the side ... Ok water pressure will seal it ... Now 4 '' of water a 6 '' section 2 ' away opened up ... GOING IN THE TRASH ... My 2 grandsons never had an opportunity to get in it ... DO N'T BUY THIS ...
 I bought this pool for my guinea pig to have space to run around in ... little did I know that the pool is only `` plastic '' and `` snapset '' when it is filled with water . Maybe that 's something I should have known intuitively , but I did n't realize that was the type of pool I was buying . It was IMPOSSIBLE to get back in the box , how it fit in there to begin with I 'll never know , so I ended up just throwing it out .
 The pieces have such weak magnets that they move around easily on the board and/or fall over . I was expecting the magnets in the pieces would have been strong enough to hold the pieces in place -- but they do not . Some of the pieces are also cracked , which in and of itself would not be a problem , but the weak magnets make the set useless as a magnetic travel chess set .
 Gave this as a birthday present . When he opened it was falling apart due to poor assembly and gluing . Had to take brand new present to my woodworking shop to do what should have been done at the factory
 This chess set was a Christmas gift for a severely handicapped person and we were pleased to find one in this size , made out of wood which was magnetized . However , after two weeks , the top layer of the chess board is beginning to separate from the rest . We are VERY disappointed in this product and could never recommend it .
 Nice and compact when folded up and a good size when open . Nice looking and great for breaks at work . The only sore point is the weakness of the puny magnets . The magnets are too weak to hold if the board is bumped . They are just barely strong enough to keep the pieces in place during a car ride as well . It should n't be advertised as a `` magnetic '' set with sorry magnets like these .
 The mat is OK , the pieces do n't all fit together correctly and some are a bit thicker than others . In the future I would go with another brand , but for now my daughter has fun taking them apart after I put them back together .
 I bought this mat and I was happy with it until I discovered that all foam playmats have been recalled in France and Belgium -LRB- other countries to follow -RRB- because of the chemical -LRB- formamide -RRB- they contain that are highly dangerous for babies and kids . The strong smell should have been a warning but I innocently believed that they would not produced products that are unsafe for babies ... I have asked Verdes to comment on the presence of formamide in their mats ... as of today I have not heard back from them which is very unfortunate for a toy manufacturer which should have our kids ` safety in mind . Bottom line
 Very strong Ammonia smell , BAD for the kids . there are better ones I bought than this .
 I used this playmat with my first child . The letters and numbers detach and pop out whenever you need to clean it , store it or walk on it barefoot . You will spend a lot of wasted time fitting everything back into their places . For baby # 2 , I have purchased the larger , solid pieces to make a floor mat - so much easier and better ! The large home improvement national store chain sells them in packs of 4 -LRB- blue , yellow , green , red -RRB- in their flooring department for $ 15.99 .
 I could n't tell you how many hours of fun I 've spent in putting these puzzle pieces together . Within minutes of putting my infant son down on this mat , he had disassembled the pieces , tasted them , and scattered them throughout the house . The pieces are cut in abstract shapes and otherwise have no detail , plus the picture of the assembled puzzle on the packaging has a different color scheme , so it 's a formidable challenge putting the pieces back together . I enjoy torture and I do n't have anything better to do with my time besides pondering spit-covered foam with bitemarks , so this is fine . A great big shout-out to the devious committee which designed this excellent `` toy '' !
 first of all it says alphabet , numbers & Animals playmat , it has no animals and was missing two letters.second of all it says covers 40 sq ft , but when it came the package clearly says covers 36 sq ft.very upset and disappointed with this product . I previously purchased two of these last year this one is nothing like the other two , they have full alphabet , 0-9 numbers 4 animals and border . It was a thicker mat too , and same brand .
 The letters and numbers tend to always come out . I thought they would have been a little more snug . Also one of the pieces came without a number . I would not recommend this mat to anyone .
 I thought it was perfect for my 6 month old for tummy time , and learnin to crawl . This thing is so unsturdy . The pieces are all like a puzzle and foam , and you have to put the whole thing together and take it apart every time you want to take it away . So annoying . Everytime you walk on it , it breaks apart . It 's huge too . That 's why I wated it in the first place , but I was so annoyed with it I just gave it away ... totally not worth the price .
 This marble run looked very appealing because of its transparent pieces , but the pieces just did n't nestle or nest together so construction was n't possible .
 The pieces do n't even remotely fit together and our box was missing some key pieces -LRB- had only three of the four footers -RRB- . Trying to set this up was very frustrating and a huge disappointment .
 I bought this item yesterday as a Christmas gift and luckily I read the online reviews yesterday evening and found out about this product now rather than waiting for my nephew to open it at Christmas only to find that it would be too late to return it ! As the other reviews state , the pieces did not fit together very well at all ; some of the pieces would connect with other pieces , but others would not , so construction was impossible . I ca n't even believe that a company can get away with producing such a poorly designed/constructed product . I returned this item and will look for a better marble tube toy .
 I bought this game thinking it would be great fun to play with like-minded people -LRB- fellow nerds -RRB- but I was quickly proven wrong . The game was poorly designed and a lot of time was spent trying to work out what was supposed to be what . For instance , the colours on the ` properties ' were wrong . The board was made of cheap , thin cardboard which meant it could n't be folded up like a proper Monopoly board . Some ` properties ' were completely made-up and not from any of the Transformers series I know . I did n't buy it from Amazon but it 's the exact same edition so I decided to review it here as people need to know what they 're buying . I was extremely disappointed and we quickly abandoned the game in favour of the original series on DVD .
 The title says all I need to say . This is an awesome toy until you tire of unscrewing the door to change the batteries , or until it just gives out . Ours lasted four months . The toy blower is the same story , which supports the notion that it is not just a bad unit .
 THIS ITEM IS A PIECE OF JUNK . OUR SON GOT LESS THAN 1 HOUR OF ENJOYMENT FROM THE WEED WHACKER BEFOR THE BUTTON FOR CONTINUED USE BROKE . NEEDLESS TO SAY WE HAD ONE UPSET 21/2 SON . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM , IT IS A GREAT IDEA , BUT IS POORLY MADE .
 I bought this for my son 's 4th birthday ; he had asked specifically for Packer & it was hard to find anywhere else . It does n't take standard batteries & the battery died almost immediately . It 's a little tough to put the `` oranges '' top onto the crate so it will stay -LRB- empty inside -RRB- . It is a LOT smaller than I anticipated ... probably my fault for not looking at the dimensions . It was overpriced , for sure . My son plays with it once in a while , but not often , so it was a waste of money , really .
 I bought this for a castle we already own thinking it would be 10 '' or so in height . It was 2-3 '' tops ! Likely my fault for not reading but I wanted to warn others as to how small this is . The knights from our castle are bigger than the dragon .
 The wings of this dragon seem to be glued on poorly . If a child were to play with it , they would easily break .
 Would never have imagined that Amazon would allow cheap dollar sore toys to be sold through their services . I 've purchased many items from Amazon and expectations have always been met or exceeded , with this birthday present purchase I was grossly disappointed . And to add one insult to another to be charged $ 5.00 shipping on top the $ 8.00 + that this tiny little plastic toy that probably cost less than 25 to make , unbelievable ! Shame on you Amazon , and shame on Safari ltd. ! It 's too bad ripoff artists have the ability to take advantage of people via reputed trustworthy retail websites . Wish I could have rated 0 stars .
 This dragon is the size of something you would expect to find in a kid 's meal package . I paid $ 14 for this ?? Even though I have to pay money to return it , at least I 'll get some of my money back . I see it 's now selling for about $ 5 - I 'm not sure it 's worth that , but if I only paid $ 5 , I would n't bother sending it back.Of course , my fault for not looking closer at the size ... lesson learned !
 We wanted a 4 track cribbage board , so that when our oldest son comes home , we could all play . We were eager to get started playing , but were very disappointed in the quality of this board . Yes , we can still play cribbage on it , but the holes are not lined up well at all . Very poor workmanship . I believe we have come to ` settle ' for just o.k. workmanship , because we feel that is the best we can do for $ 25.00 . I decided to purchase this board , in large part , due to the other reviews , saying this was an excellent choice . Had I known the holes did n't even line up , I would not have chosen this board . $ 25.00 is a lot of money to just get `` o.k. '' workmanship.The pegs that come with it , are metal , which we appreciated , however , since it is a 4 track board , I thought we would get pegs in 4 colors . Not so , we got them in 3 colors . I had already spent an extra $ 15.00 to get metal pegs that come in 4 colors . There are not a lot of choices in 4 track boards , certainly not quality boards , without having to pay $ 100.00 . Not sure yet if we will keep this one , or continue our search . I would think long and hard before spending your hard earned money on this one .
 I 'm keeping it because it 's cheap though . He 's leaning to the side a bit like he melted in the mail or something -- which is weird because it really is n't that hot outside right now . Anyway ...
 The sun evidently was too much for mine - lasted only a few months and the plastic became so sticky you could n't even lay on it !
 We wanted a watering jug toy b/c our son is always trying to play with ours when we tend to our plants . However , when we got this in the mail , the nozzle/sprout was already broken off . Contemplating on buying a different brand .
 This was a gift for my 13 month old daughter . From the very beginning I was having problems with it recognizing the books and turning of the pages . The on/off button is the only light and that was distracting to my little girl . She kept turning the toy on and off . I 'd hear the song begin to start and then Bye ! Bye ! over and over . Had to press very hard with the little bee to make it respond . If I had a hard time pushing down with the bee then it was impossible for my little one to get it to work . It 's a waste of money and space because it 's so big . I have her full attention when I read a book to her myself . Stick with the good old fashion way of learning . I can spend this valuable time with my daughter reading to her myself than trying to make this toy work properly .
 My son received this toy for his 1st birthday , which was 6 months ago . He did n't really start playing with it until probably 4 months ago.You have to use the `` magic bee '' to `` point '' to things in the book , and he could n't do it yet . Please be aware that you CAN NOT just touch things with your finger for it to work , you must use the `` magic bee '' . The `` magic bee '' is on a little cord that is connected to the book , and it 's still hard for him to get it to reach to where he wants sometimes . I will say that it is a relatively fun toy that he 'll play with for a little while , but now it has stopped recognizing when we turn the page , so it says the wrong things . I will also warn that the song that it plays when turned on is very annoying ! It comes with 4 different books , and my son only really enjoyed 2 of them because they made different noises instead of just saying a shape or color . I called the company for a replacement since it has already stopped working and they wanted me to pay for the shipping of the toy to them so I did n't go for it . It 's not that great ! He loves to play with his LeapPad which is similar , but you can use your finger and there are many more options with that toy .
 Horrible product . I agree with everything on the one star reviews . Do n't waste your money . If I had a choice it would get 0 stars . * Difficult to push down . * Magnetic bee does n't work most of the time . * String is too short to reach all the way across . * Storage compartment in the back opens too easily and the books fall out . * Way too frustrating for an adult forget about a child ... tantrum city . * WHY ANYONE GAVE IT 5 STARS IS BEYOND ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got a used one and returned it and then I got a new one and it still did n't work as it should . it 's too delicate to get the bee to press on each picture . not really suitable for little hands .
 My 18 month old son received this as a Christmas gift . He was unable to get the bee to press down hard enough to recognize most of the pages in the book . My husband and I had the same issue . My son also could not close the back where the books are stored , so whenever he carried it around , the extra books would fall out . I contacted the company , who says they are unaware of any problems with this toy and did not offer to replace it or look into it further .
 Does n't work . Bee ca n't recognize the books you snap in . No wonder it was discontinued .
 Bought this for my 15 month granddaughter - I have to agree with HATE IT ! that on/off button is distracting and that pushing the bee on the buttons is extremely hard if more then one page between buttons . Educational , its a sound toy for teaching ABC , Colors and shapes , We will probably use the books more without the toy and let her play with it as a toy - definitely durable . VTech was responsive when I called and stated the toy would n't recognize the ABC book . Since I had just purchased it - they are replaceing it free with free shipping . Would I buy it again - NO !! Return it as VTech offered - No , as the books are educational/durable and we can use them without the carrier .
 My son received this toy as a birthday gift . It seemed like a great gift but it 's not all that great for a child that is facinated with flashing lights . The problem is the on/off button is a flashing light that plays a song . Of course my son is intrigued by this and is constantly shutting the thing on and off so he can see the light and hear the song instead of actually playing with the toy . My husband tried to cover the light with a piece of card board and tape , but by that time my son still knew where to push in order to hear the song . Maybe he 'll be able to really get to use it as a learning toy when he gets older . Now its just music machine for him .
 Do n't waste you money . There is NO WAY a two-year old can get this toy to work . The book pages are so thick -LRB- great durability though ! -RRB- that you ca n't press the bee `` pen '' hard enough to touch the buttons on the main part of the pad to get the desired outcome . I ca n't even get it to work as a thirty-year-old adult . It is beyond frustrating for parent and child , disappointing product from a usually great company .
 I had to comment on this thing , b/c is so horrible ! The concept to teach shapes , sounds and colors was good , but actually identifying them , is another story . I got this for my 1 y.o. for Christmas last year . She always asked to play with it , but I had to tell her it was broken b/c the thing never worked ! Who gave this thing 5 Stars ?! So many things are wrong
 This `` educational '' toy is a waste ! You must use a magic bee to interact with the books . The string that the bee is on is too short to move it around easily . Plus the bee does not always work . It would make MUCH more sense for the kid to press with their own fingers . I 'm so sick of these companies advertising `` educational toys . '' Please , buy your kids some real books , blocks and stacking cups . Now those are educational !
 I have 18 mo and 4 yr old girls . This toy gives them some initial interest because it talks and sings , but that does not last long . The term ` touch ' is extremely misleading . On the flat surfaces underneath each side of the book pages , there are large depressable pushbuttons . The book pages are a stiff plastic , and so it is very difficult -LRB- even as an adult -RRB- to use the bee to press hard enough -LRB- through one book page or more -RRB- to activate the pushbuttons underneath . Even one of the buttons did not work well just pressing it with no pages on top of it . Kids learn to use their fingers with other touch toys , so having to hold a Bee just right and apply all that pressure is not inuitive . The Bee is just a peice of plastic to help apply enough force to a large enough area , there is nothing electronic about it ; I bet it was a late addition to the design since using a finger does not work . Bad design , Vtech ! This one will be heading for a garage sale or Goodwill real soon .
 I agree with all the negative reviews regarding this toy . This toy will not work ! The ` bee ' only works 10 % of the time and already my daughter is totally frustrated with it . The song is so annoying when you start it up and there is no way around it . I thought this toy would be a great alternative to the discontinued Leappad , but it 's nowhere near as good and I plan on taking it back ASAP . It 's a piece of junk , do n't waste your money . Vtech is usually so much better than this !!
 unable to judge the size by photo-much smaller than expected . better to have something in photo that gives size comparison .
 I bought this toy for my 14 month old daughter because it was so cute . Unfortunately , the door does not stay on and everything falls out . Another friend received one as a gift and had the same problem . I returned it with no problems , but was very disappointed as I had high hopes for this toy . It was cute and seemed like it would be great for taking on visits ... oh well .
 This cottage is adorable and my 2 year old loves fairies , but the door fell off and the entire middle section broke apart after 1 month and she does n't play roughly . I wish it were better quality . Another iPlay toy that I bought also broke quickly . Cute designs , but the plastic does n't seem to hold up .
 The door falls off all the time and is impossible to keep on . It 's a kinda cute toy , but my toddler grew bored with it by the 3rd or 4th time she played with it . For the price you should get something your child will come back to again and again .
 Do not buy this toy for anyone under 8 . Most kids think it 's polly toys to play with but it 's a game . This game is not being used as a game , the dolls are being played with and thrown around . It 's a waste of money . Just buy a regular polly toy .
 My 5 yr old got this game as a christmas gift and we have since returned it . There is no educational matter in this game at all and all you do is move around this little board trying to get a match for your outfit on your card . we found it very boring -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My Mother in Law bought this total piece of junk for my 7 year old daughter . Absolutely no educational value . It actually says `` Dash to the SUV to win the game ! `` Sickening . I try to teach my child to be environmentally aware and this kind of junk is what is being marketed to her age group . Great . Thanks Mattel .
 The `` Pool Predator Shark '' is an inflatable toy that you blow up and supposedly have fun with in the pool . However , I never got to that point of enjoyment . For you see , in securing the shark product to the cardboard display piece , the brilliant Chinese manufacturers punched three staples into the head of the shark . Think about that for a moment . It 's an inflatable toy , but the folks at the factory punch three little holes in the product.Guess what happens when you try to blow it up ? IT LEAKS!Thanks for nothing . For the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- I spent , it was n't even worth returning .
 Purchased toy as a gift . The price for this toy was six times more than what it was going for in the stores . Even though it may have been discontinued in some stores making a little profit is ok . However this mark up was outrageous . I will think very hard about buying from this merchant again . In addition i found the delivery to be slow .
 I bought this for my grandaughter . I paid $ 129 for it , so disapointed . It didnt even come with a doll . so now I have to spend more miney for that . For $ 129 . you would think it would have been a little bigger then a 12 by 12 box , I mean inches , never again !!!!!!!
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas . We opened it up and sat on the floor and began putting it together . He was excited because he is a Lighting McQueen fan . He got about four pieces of it together and got very frustrated . It would not stay together . THE PUZZLE IS JUNK !!!!!!!! The pieces are not flat and do not interlock so that they stay together . He lost interest and left . I finished it enough so that they were laying together to see the picture - which is very cute . But , no way would they ever all fit together . Do not waste your money on this . I also had to retape the corners of the box , as they were all coming apart too . Yea for cheap imports . The USA is so much better off for them ????????
 My son received the firetruck , 7239 , set for ages 5 + for Christmas . It is fair that he needed help putting it together as he is young . However , we are all disappointed that once put together , it is VERY FRAGILE and falls apart practically when anyone looks at it , let alone touches it . If we try to pick it up , something is sure to fall off . It is cool because it has a lot of features , but what good are they if playing with it is more frustrating than fun ??? It is not just because he is small -LRB- almost 5 years -RRB- . Even when adults play with it , it falls apart . For the price and reputation of LEGO products , I find this unacceptable . We have other lego products that do not have this problem , so it seems to me that this is a bad design . The sad thing is that he was most excited about this gift and it has turned out to be a real letdown .
 There are only 2 figurines not 3 as advertised . I hate this toy . I spend more time putting it back together than my son plays with it . It is in a constant state of falling apart . The ladder of the boom is not properly counter balanced and breaks off every time my son touches the ladder . I bought this toy explicitly for the moving boom and ladder . I actually tried to crazy glue it this morning -LRB- only opened this toy yesterday -RRB- out of frustration . Now the truck falls apart at a weaker point . Poor construction and not sure why it has such high ratings . Save yourself some time and frustration and buy something else .
 I did n't satisfied with this toy . It 's NOT worthy for the money i paid.It 's only a single model you can built .
 The primo blocks are boring - to the adults and the babies . You really ca n't build much . Simple wooden blocks -LRB- non-interlocking -RRB- are better for building towers for knocking down.The duplo blocks are much more interesting !
 THESE DOLLS SUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY ARE FOR HOOCHIE , GROSS , DIRTY GIRLS !!
 Everybody LOVES Bratz dolls , right?Well , I personally do n't . They have big heads and small feett snap on and off , it 's so creepy ! This is showing a bad image to children 6-10 . The ages avalible to these dolls should be 20-100 + . My Scene Dolls are really cool , and Bratz Dolls are NOT .
 I do n't like Bratz . I think that they are just snap on foot dolls with big heads and big lips . There is nothing apealing about them . That explains the person who suggested to burn them if you get them . There is not one thing i like about them . They have terrible clothes and i do n't recomend them for any age .
 My friend has these dolls there so ugly ! they do n't even look like eachother ! my brothers always called bratz skankz , once they even changed the word Bratz -LRB- this was on a piece of paper -RRB- into Slutz . I never agreed with them till these came out . if this toy were any bit educational they would in a word I 'm not up to typing . -LRB- starts with an s -RRB-
 to all you people argueing over bratz and myscene ... you are the stupidest f **** n people ever !! get real !!! so myscene are little preppy bible huggers while bratz are little anorexic sluts ... who gives a s ** t ?? and to that kinsey `` i dont care what you think '' chick or whatever , youd really commit suicide over a doll ?? haha omg lol thats the funniest thing ive heard in a month !! if you hate bratz so much , then dont buy them ! GOD !! you people are soo ridiculus ! you act like bratz are the government or something ! more like dolls !! if you dont want your kid playin w / bratz , simply dont buy them ! duh !!! its not like your stupid @ $ $ complaints are going to stop mga from making money . im tired of hearing you people w / nothing better to do b *** h and complain about friggin dolls ! find something better to do . like shopping at a mall . oh , wait , you cant because you dumb god freaks think fasion is evil . both bratz and myscene suck don vitos big left toe . and you think bratz are satanic ? uh do you see them wearing any sign of lucifer or the pentagram ? i dont think so . get real people !!! * hopeless *
 Bratz haters , we are being challenged by dumb *** , retarded bratz slaves . We will show those bratz-obessed idiots who REALLY ARE the great dolls
 Although , I think these dolls look like little tarts , my daughter begged for them so I relented . She seems happy enough with them ... but their feet keep falling off and they are extremely difficult to put the tops/jackets on . With the fingers on the hand jutting out , the pink furry one is impossible to put on the doll . A grand waste of money .
 Honestly , Bratz copied BARBIES ideas of twins . Bratz rwiins are tacky hoochies but Barbie twins are loyal and loving ! Barbie rules and always will ! My brother hates Bratz too ! Not all girls like Bratz ! Most of them like BARBIE!BARBIE DECLARES VICTORY !
 I can post my own opinions . You are a BRATZ slave , that 's 4 sure ! Why do n't you kiss and marry BRATZ you B *** h.
 Why are BRATZ bad ? * The BRATZ WORLD series offends other cultures . * BRATZ teaches girls that fashion is your only true friend . * The BRATZ movie was superficial and annoying . * BRATZ SPORTZ says on the back of the box
 These dolls have bothered me from the day they appeared on the market . I am a HUGE doll fan , and I collect Barbies and all other types of dolls . What I have a problem with is the way these dolls have begun to look . Bratz dolls are so disgustingly trashy . When I look at them , I immediately think , `` Hooker ! '' Their lips are so disgustingly giant , and their waists are SO skinny , and the clothes they wear project a very sexual image . My Scene dolls are certainly not much better . They look fairly similar to the Bratz , except that they are taller and their lips , heads , and feet are a little bit smaller . However , their clothing is no less revealing . All of these dolls seem to be encouraging girls to focus more and more on being sexual , when the real point of dolls should be to encourage girls in positive ways , and to give them a chance to have fun . I have no doubt that it 's fun playing with these dolls . I have a few My Scene dolls and a few Bratz , and they are no less fun for their image . However , their clothing and heavily made-up faces that are supposedly `` cool '' can make girls feel insecure and like they need to show off more of their bodies than they really have to . Bratz and My Scene - especially THIS disgusting little duo - are encouraging young girls to dress and act more sexual , and that is what disgusts me about them .
 OK , here 's what I have to say . I think these twins are BAAAAD for the money . Honestly , I got the Barbie twins instead and they were WAAAAAY cooler ! The twins were
 We were so excited when MGA Entertainment came out with the Bratz twins as we have 7 year old twin girls . We eagerly bought it for them for Christmas thrilled that their favorite toy in the world was now recognizing twins . They were overjoyed to find it under the Christmas tree . Until we just opened it up . We seriously think MGA made an error in their interpretation of twins . When I opened the package for them and found one good twin -LRB- complete with beautiful clothes and an angel key chain -RRB- and one evil twin -LRB- with ripped clothes , black nailpolish and a devil keychain -RRB- I was appalled . Did anyone in MGA 's marketing department look into stereotypes of twins prior to making this product ? I find this HIGHLY offense as a mother of twins and guarantee that many other twins parents who are currently opening this Bratz Twins combination are as equally appalled . For the non twin parent and regular single birth people-there is no one good twin and one bad twin . They are equal . Making this misconception a reality for young girls is an appalling lack of sensitivity on the MGA Entertainment 's part.Next time MGA chooses to design something with twins or multiples in mind , please contact a parent of multiples first .
 I agree with what some of the other reviewers stated . It 's cute , but very small . I did n't notice , but it is part of the Beanie Babies collection . Seems to be overpriced for what it is . $ 25 bucks for a little white fluffed up bean bag . Very quick shipping , but it was crammed inside a plain cheap first class envelope . I 'm not impressed at all with this transaction .
 This is a fun toy . The way the balloons fly around is fun to watch and the sound they make is just hilarious , especially for young kids . BUT the pump broke within the first 10 fills . We superglued it back together and it lasted another 5 fills or so . Also , maybe it 's just us or just the pump we received as no one else has mentioned it , but we found the pump required ALOT of strength to fill the balloons . So much so that it was much easier to fill them with our mouths . No way our daughter could do it on her own.Like others , we had issues with some of the balloons
 Balloons are not of good quality , out of 30 balloons , 5-6 did n't blow and 5-6 burst immediately after filling some air . so 1/3 of the total balloons are wasted . In overall I am not happy with the quality of balloons but my kids enjoyed with the rest of balloons .
 The pump will blow the balloons up fine , the balloons are long balloons . However the balloons do not go up , they go down and wiggle on the ground until the air goes out.As something to go up in the air even for say 5 feet , they are worthless . As something to blow up and let fly , they are worthless . Regular balloons at least will shoot aroundand not flop on the ground . Keep your money and buy a bottle of soap bubbles , they will fly longer and higher .
 I purchased the rocket balloon from TJD Toys and it was shipped by Amazon . So , I received the item in a timely manner . But , the balloon pump fell apart after one week of use . The top portion of the pump disconnected from the bottom part . I guess the glue that held the parts together was too weak . Great toy but the balloon pump was not well made . I was very disappointed . I mailed the item back for a refund .
 These plastic trays are not built to spec 's that they say . You can insert one more chip in each row , the plastic is not of the best quality.I would not recommend to anyone .
 I ordered and received these racks in a very timely manner . However , when I went try them out , they only held 19 chips per row , not 20 . Other reviewers commented that they could hold up to 21 , but mine could not . I thought I had 11.5 gram chips , so not sure why they wo n't fit . Had to return them as it would n't work for poker night only holding 19 chips per row . Return process was very easy .
 I was able to fit 105 chips -LRB- 5 rows of 21 -RRB- into the racks . I do n't know if it 's because my WalMart chips might be smaller than the 14 gram chips I just purchased -LRB- from another company -RRB- . If my new chips fit the racks perfectly I will delete this review .
 My son loves banging away at the pegs but they are held with some sort of rubber or plastic o-ring . Received the toy 2 weeks ago and two of the pegs just fall through . The holes should be smaller for the pegs .
 First of all , this toy is an excellent reproduction of the bad guys from the original Gumby show.However , the material used on the heads of the blockheads is not very soft and the edges actually cut my 6 year old 's cheek.It has just enough edge that if you are swinging it around in the air or throw it , it can cut your skin.It 's basically the only option if you want to buy the blockheads , but they should make it out of softer material or slightly round off the edges on the heads .
 The `` try me '' adapter is a substantial component of the handle that needs to be removed and thrown away -LRB- or recycled -RRB- . Simply looking at the adapter it is difficult to determine exactly where the adapter ends and the handle begins.The `` try me '' adpater is composed of 3 pieces , the parts being a spool , a hub and a base . The spool is the top most piece and is attached to the hub via two screws . The hub is attached to the base via a single screw through the center of the hub . The base is buried below eveything else.To understand how to separate the adapter from the handle look carefully at the diagram included in the package . The arrow on the diagram in the instrucation and the sticker on the adapter _ seem _ to indicate that you should turn the outer most plastic hub counter-clockwise to remove the adpater . Do not be fooled by this !!! What you really want to turn is the base buried beneath the hub . With the tips of your fingers grab the flanges on the base and turn it counter-clockwise and then gently wiggle the base back and forth while pulling the entire assembly away from the handle . It may be a little tricky , but it should eventually release without pulling too hard.When properly removed a black and white `` CAUTION '' sticker will be revealed . You will also see a white sprocket that is roughly half inch in diameter . This is where the fly wheel attaches to the handle for play.This toy has the same problems as the classic SST racers of my era `` the '60 and ' 70 '' . The `` rip cord '' tends to get stuck in the handle or tends to pull through without completely powering the gear that spins the wheel . Over time this improper engagement will strip the rip cord.This toy has the additional problem of the connector between the wheel itself and the sprocket on the handle do not make a great connection , resulting in the wheel wanting to fall off before the rip cord is pulled.You should definitely follow the age guidelines for this toy -LRB- 8 + -RRB- due to the frustartion level that might be experienced by younger users.You might want to give this toy a higher educational rating if your goal is to educate your child about dealing with frustration ...
 This toy was a total rip off . It 's so much smaller than I pictured and to add insult to injury , I paid $ 50 for this toy and the box had a price tag of $ 9.99 . At least if you are going to rip people off , take the price off the box ! Since I had to open the box to see what it looks like , I ca n't return it now . What a bleeding rip off . Not happy at all ... I gave it 2 stars overall only b/c my son likes it and it has n't broken YET.Also , the seller said I played with it and I NEVER did . I only let my son play with it it when I was told I could n't return the item since I broke the tape . I wanted to see what it looked like and when I simply opened it , NOT taking items out of their packages , I was told I could n't return the item . That 's the ONLY reason I let my son take the item out of the box . And , I thought this item was NEW . It 's a USED toy sold WAY overpriced !
 I was disappointed when the items came shipped in unsealed individual plastic bags . My expectation was that new meant they would come in original store packaging . I have no way to know if the items are truly new , how they were manufactured , and if they passed the scrutiny of lead testing .
 Order another style ... The plastic was discolored and bulging in places , but my daughter really did n't mind and she could use it . Now it wo n't hold air ... : -LRB-
 We bought this for my daughter who 's birthday was November 1 . It never fully inflated to the stated diameter . I tried to get as close as possible and eventually it was stretched so tight that the stars started spliting . Two days before Christmas it finally got a hole in it beyond repair . Not even 2 months did this thing last . I even wrote the company , because overall we were happy with the thickness and seeming durability that we bought one of the larger ones for our older daughter that has none of the problems this one does , but they have as yet not responded to any of my queries . I would recommend getting one without the stars as it seems to weaken the integrity of the product .
 I have an 18 month old , 3 year old and 4 year old . They love to bounce on this toy . We received it as a gift without the base . If it was stationary it would be great . As it is - no matter where I place the toy they bounce to a wall fall off and hit their head . They bounce toward a table , fall off and hit their head . They fall off over the head and land on their head . This toy spends a lot of time in `` time out '' for hurting people . I have finally convinced the kids it will be more fun to take the toy to Kid to Kid and exchange it for a safer toy . I hate taking a Nana gift away , but there is no amount of supervision that makes this toy injury proof .
 I 'm very disappointed in this Rody Horse . The grandkids love it but it wo n't hold air . We have to pump it up every day to use it . Instructions not very good about how to close up air valve . I could keep air in a 99 beach ball better than this !
 My grandson is 20 months and so far has had no interest in this .
 I was really excited to get this toy for my 20 month old daugher for Christmas . She is large for her age , 32 '' and ~ 34 # , and is very well coordinated . I bought her older sister a hop ball but my younger daughter 's legs were just too short for a traditional hop ball . I thought Rody was my answer but I was wrong . Although the brief instructions reccommend that you inflate to varying degrees for different capabilities , it does n't matter how much or little air is in this cute little horse , she ALWAYS falls off in a matter of minutes . She has fallen sideways because she 's squirming and trying to move about the room , she falls over backwards because she tried to bounce too high , luckily she has not fallen off forwards like another reviewer mentioned . Rody is just adorable and probably fine for kids who just want to sit and bounce a little , however if you have an active little one who wants to leave the ground when bouncing and travel quickly around the house , this is not that toy .
 We bought this for our 4 yr . old son , who loves marble machines and it did n't last a week . The spiral runs are very weak and got bent out of shape with one accidental fall off the table . After that everything else went down hill . We were never able to get it to work again . Also the mechanical part was very difficult to put together . -LSB- ... -RSB- I was extremely disappointed with this toy .
 This toy is flimsy at best , the instructions are just example pictures and are not good if you want to know specifically which side goes on what side . So it is only when you run the marbles you 'll learn if the `` planks '' are on the wrong side . If they are then you have to partly disassemble to get it corrected . The marbles are smaller than regular marbles so if you lose any you can not use just any ol' marble -LRB- wo n't fit thru openings -RRB- . The motor/elevator was broken when we got it -LRB- new -RRB- but my husband spent time splicing the wires until it worked . I think the magnetic marble run that I 've seen in stores are better , the K `` Nex run is good , too . This toy was just a big disappointment .
 My son got this for his 6th birthday and it looked like it would be so much fun . But not so , it took so much time to put these little -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- sections of tubes together to form any kind of simple structure that all the fun was lost . We got the motor working and the elevator that carried the marble up worked fine , that was the highlight of the toy . But , we simply did not find that building a connecting structure like in the picture was remotely possible without a lot of patience and trial and error . The worst of it was that it DID NOT COME WITH ANY INSTRUCTIONS !! We returned it to Amazon.com after two attempts to have fun with it . My son played with a similar toy at his after school center , but the tubes were in longer sections and they were super easy to snap together so he and others could create elaborate connections for the marbles to run on , if I can find that kind , I would buy it . I do not recommend this toy .
 I wanted to like this , and bought it based on reviews here on Amazon . For the most part , this toy is okay . However , the elevator does not work that well . The problem I am having is that the small forks on the conveyor chain constantly hang up both at the ball pick up point and drop off point . The clearances around the forks are quite small but the `` slop '' in the chain and other structural pieces make alignment difficult , at least in our set . I have managed to greatly enhance operation by filing down the problem areas , but this is not what I expect from a toy costing this much . I also agree with an earlier reviewer that it is unfortunate that standard , larger marbles will not work in this toy.Having said all that , I must admit that our son really enjoys this set a lot .
 This was such a disappointment on Christmas morning . It was such a pain to put together and it does not come with any instructions . Once it was finally together , my boys barely bump it and it falls apart . The elevator falls apart every 2 seconds and we ca n't seem to figure it out . This is going back as a return asap !
 I must admit I was surprised by the number of positive reviews . I bought this toy for my six year old boy who loves building things and likes to play with marbles . The toy however is very flimsy and is frustrating to put together . The cylindrical plastic pieces mate together poorly and do not stay together well . It uses a male , female joint connection . Not to sound perverse , but the male end needs to fit deeper into the female end or better yet some type of twist lock design should have been used to join the pieces together . This is the one fundamental flaw of this marble toy . This poor design is what makes the toy so flimsy . Also when taking apart to change your design you risk having more come apart than you wanted to . The elevator shaft is also made of the same -LRB- too soft -RRB- plastic and it bends not keeping it up straight as it needs to be for proper marble delivery at the top -LRB- I ended up duct taping a wood dowel stick to the shaft to keep it straight -RRB- . The set also includes plastic marbles instead of the glass marbles , which work much better . Over all I would not recommend this toy , especially for the price . Look for a different brand .
 We 've had it for two days , and we 've already put it in storage . First of all , it 's supposed to be something that your kids can put together themselves , but it requires the help of an adult because it 's too complicated . It requires more simplistic instructions for a kid to follow . We did n't have enough parts to match the pictures that they give you . The structures that they display were n't foundationally sound . The pieces are cheap and flimsy . The chain links are too flimsy . The marbles do n't catch all of the time . It brought out a lot of frustration on Christmas Day for our 6yo twins who could n't figure out how to build it . They have had great success with other marble run sets , but this one by Quercetti was a failure .
 wow , the language this thing brought out ! We ca n't seem to get the elevator lined up so it will keep running ... I will report more later after a complete tear down and rebuild . Hopefully we can get it running by New Year 's .
 We bought this marble set for our daughter at a local toystore.First , there are no instructions on how to put it together , you have to go by the picture on the front of the box.My wife then spent an hour trying to put the set together in a different configuration , but the plastic curves would only assemble one way and that meant that the rest of the set could n't be reconfigured . The marbles would get stuck trying to go around the curves.We took it back . Disappointing toy .
 First , who would make a MARBLE run that does NOT take `` standard sized '' marbles ?? Ridiculous . Second , within 3 seconds , one of the pieces snapped . . hard plastic , snapped , done.This item is just pathetic , and annoying . It 's going back tomorrow , and I have a heartbroken 4 year old who is wondering why Santa would bring him something so awful.We have the transparent marble run , the one with nearly 5 stars , and it 's fantastic . . simple , uses REAL marbles , and does n't break or annoy anyone . We wanted this cool one to be a little more `` advanced '' with our marble fun.DONT GET IT . You 'll be kicking yourself if you do . Seriously . . I ca n't believe how bad it is.I 'll order another one of the `` transparent '' sets and just let the kids build higher and further.So disappointed in this . I 'll NEVER buy another Quercetti item based on the quality and the design . I have many many words I would like to use to describe this , but my review would be removed by Amazon . You get it though .
 This is very hard to setup , rather flimsy and not much fun . The a fairly generic marble set that we got at a garage sale is more versatile , more user friendly and a whole lot cheaper than this . Just NOT worth the money .
 Grandchild broke it within hours by adding Mega marbles to the game . Somehow it should state that the Mega Marbles can not be used with Quercetti Marble Run game .
 This is the worst toy I have ever bought . It is very misleading and not worth the money . My grandson was very disappointed because he wanted a elevator . When he first saw it he was excited but while helping him to put it together I very quick ; y realized that it does not do what it says and he lost interest real fast . That was a hard earned wasted $ 50 . The only reason I did n't return it was because I had thrown away my paperwork because I was sure he was going to enjoy it . Wow was I wrong !!! So I had to go out and purchase another birthday gift . I am highly upset and disappointed .
 I would not recommend this product . We tried numerous times to build this product . Every time we put it together it would tip over before we even put a marble through it . It was very frustrating for my kids , especially our son who has autism.I would recommend selecting another product . This is not worth the time or the money
 We had previously purchased the Quercetti 80 piece marble run and had a lot of fun with it . Want to build more complicated runs we got the 180 piece with the motorized elevator . We thought with 180 pieces we could build much larger marble runs , boy where we disappointed ... As soon as I got the package from Amazon and read the outside of the box I felt duped in the count of 180 pieces counts each link in the chain to make up the elevator , by the time you count all the parts to complete the elevator the marble run is n't much if any bigger than the 80 piece , it just has an elevator .
 This Christmas gift was a huge disappointment . We own another Quercetti Marble Run that we 've had for 7 years and love , so picked this one out as an addition to that set . The kids -LRB- ages 10 & 4 -RRB- were mostly interested in the motorized elevator . Well ... We worked on this for an hour and ca n't get the elevator to work right . There seem to be too many links in the chain and it is too slack to work right with the cogs and pulley system . When we removed a link , then it was then too tight and pulled the supporting tower over every few seconds . the red `` cups '' that carry the marbles up to the top also kept catching on the supporting base structure and falling off . NOTHING seemed to work right with the elevator portion of this toy ... Which is why we bought it . It 's too expensive to just keep just to use as an addition to our regular set . This will be in the return mail tomorrow .
 I purchased this for my two older children -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- . It looked like a lot of fun and was recommended to us over another set because of the flexi-plastic , which is less likely to crack , as well as all the fun `` bells and whistles '' , rather than just plain back-and-forth parts . All the `` bells and whistles '' turned out to be very frustrating to assemble , too complex for the ages recommended , and it 's not very sturdy because of the flexi-plastic . It came with minimal and vague instructions . Very complicated , and disappointing because the parents have to do most of the work assembling it for the kids ... pointless in my opinion . We were looking more for something they could assemble themselves -LRB- or at least with minimal adult help -RRB- . Furthermore , it 's so flimsy that it does n't stay set up when the kids play with it . The spiral pieces are extremely difficult to get just right in order for them to work , and just barely touching them makes them no longer work , so when it 's set up , we have to constantly be fixing and adjusting for the kids . And a couple of the pieces DID crack when trying to put together . Very disappointing , especially with how much it costs . Do n't waste your money !!!! Look for another brand if you 're looking to buy a marble run !
 The idea for this toy is great but the implementation not so good . The chain that you put together that pulls the elevator is the worst because you snap all of the links together only to discover that they give you too many links for it to fit snugly around the gears . Then , when you pull it apart to take out some pieces , the plastic stretches and the chain perpetually breaks . The plastic is so lightweight and the assembly to flimsy that it breaks again and again . If continuous fixing is your child 's idea of fun , or your idea of an `` educational toy , '' then maybe this is for your family , but for my kids it was frustrating .
 Simply not a great product . we are thinking about sending this back because our son can not put this together .
 This set was extremely hard to put together and very unstable once it is together . Not a toy for kids !
 We loved this concept as a toy and it was fun while it lasted but pieces kept breaking and it fell apart easily . We really liked the toy though so when we bought the next one we upgraded to the much more expensive quadrilla marble run and that 's been amazing . It is all wood and indestructible and the kids have been playing with it for several years now .
 This is a product from a different country . There are no instructions and I have had a frustrating time trying to put it together . I was really excited about this because of the motorized elevator , but I would recommend that a person go with the less complicated , more directions and less cost marble run for their kids .
 Bought this for my daughter a couple of years ago . She has fun with it , but is always very frustrated with how flimsy and unstable the structure is . The motorized part does not always pick up the marbles and it is very hard to find replacement parts if pieces break or go missing . Overall , not good value for money . The wooden marble structures look far more stable .
 Do not buy this toy . It does not work . Very narrow window for return so if you are not quick with returns you will be stuck with it . Parts do not line up , flimsy and way too expensive . Amazon should not allow them to sell on their website .
 Flimsy construction . Marble is not always in a downward spiral-no matter what you do . Took a long time to assemble and does n't stay together well . Disappointed with this product .
 We gave this to our kids for Christmas and the directions were horrible . Our 7YO -LRB- who frequently constructs Lego sets rated for age 12 + -RRB- got frustrated and even when I gave it a try , it was n't possible to see all the connection points in the directions . Not sure if our package was missing some directions or what , but we sent this back . For almost $ 50 there are better toys out there .
 Purchased this toy for our 8yr old son who loves to put things together . Very difficult to put together , pieces do n't snap on well and when they are together the whole thing falls apart and is rendered useless -LRB- unless you have the patience of a saint to re-do the whole thing ! -RRB- . Would recommend another toy for sure - very disappointed !
 No instructions , tons of little philips screws to unscrew , and we ca n't get it to stay on the launcher . A huge dud .
 Okay -- this would be a great product ... if it worked longer than 29 days !!! We were using this to help potty train my son . He ONLY used it sitting on the potty , so no abuse . Zero . None . Probably 15 minutes/day , max . My husband was with him when it `` broke . '' One minute it worked , the next -- nothing . I tried calling the help line . After several infuriating minutes of wading through inaccurate voice reponse menus -LRB- what color is your pen ? Red ? Blue ? Purple ? -- uh , it 's YELLOW ! -RRB- , I gave up after they asked for $ 5 to replace the pen . Excuse me ?!!??? Back to Toys R Us tomorrow to see if they 'll exchange it for me.They get the one -LRB- tiny , miserable -RRB- star because my son loved the product . Minus four stars from me . I 'm tired of cheaply made kid 's toys -- that are n't cheap !! It 's so disappointing to the children ... and a lot more work for busy moms having to deal with poor customer service while trying to track down replacements .
 We have an original My First Leap Pad , so maybe this one is better . My daughter has never been that interested in it , although she does bring me the book -LRB- without the device -RRB- to read to her . My advice ? Do n't use things like this to babysit your child -- buy a regular old book and sit down and read to her !
 We just got this for Christmas for our 2.5 year old.I would not recommend this item.The system does not know what page the child is on , and so it leaves them frustrated . The child is expected to tell the thing what page it 's on?Not good for the car , you really need to montior the toy constantly.My son was unable to work this thing independently . And then the toy has the nerve to shut itself off when it feels you are n't playing with it correctly!The spiral bound book does not fit very well . How do things like this even get made ?
 Brand new , out of the box , brand new batteries and it wo n't turn on . After reading all the reviews here , I 'm returning it for my money back . I 'm guessing by the fact that they seem to break easily and one I bought never turned on that they are very poorly made . If its this delicate in a box during the shipping process , it 'll never last in my house with two kids .
 My daughter likes her My First Leappad , but after several months use , the pen has wires showing ! I called Leapfrog and after a series of frustrating phone calls , I find out that they do n't make the replacement pen for the My First Leappad anymore ! At first the customer service agent told me they have the pen and I paid for it . The package I recieved in the mail had an old leappad system that does n't work and 2 pens that do n't fit my leappad . When I called back , it was a 2 hour ordeal . Finally , I spoke with a supervisor who told me that despite the fact that it was their mistake , I had to pay to ship everything back to them , then they would refund my money ! Not only am I upset by this treatment , but I ca n't believe they do n't make the pens anymore . I have invested in a lot of books for this leappad and now it is useless . What a waste of money ! I can not in good conscience buy from LeapFrog again !
 I got this a few months back because at the time I was fascinated with foxes , and from the reviews , I trusted that this would be really cool . However , when I got it and opened the box , the . . Whole face in general ... was entirely inaccurate in anatomy . The eyes were WAY too large , causing it to look . . Well , ugly . The snout does n't have the small , slender shape of a fox , but more of an angular slant from the head and then a big hard nose that brings even more attention to it . I found that one of the hind legs was a bit longer than the other , and way too under-stuffed . Besides all of this , the fur is very silky and nice , and this is about the only fox plushie I 've found with black tips -LRB- ears and paws -RRB- which is about the only reason I did n't send it back . In all , I really hate it , and do not recommend purchasing it .
 If you want a small plush FOX this is the one . When we received the item it was too small for our plans and had to be returned . Just to small but cute .
 Placed order for a plastic gear but found out it was not what I thought itwas 30 minutes later so telephoned Amazon immediately to cancel . Too late . Refused package when delivered by UPS.Was credited for item but had to pay shipping and handling.I was billed $ 21.44 and after the credit of $ 12.87 it only put me out $ 8.57 for something I could not have used under any circumstance .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 and I mean very fast . You could see the water lines in two days . We ordered the orange ones and by the end of the month , they were extremely discolored . Very disappointing .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 At my old training facility , we were n't required to wear headgear so I did n't know what to get . I train mostly in Muay Thai and American boxing , have been for a good five years now.I chose this , mainly for the price . After using it all of once in sparing , I realized I needed something that would not slide sideways after each punch to the head.I ended up shelling out the big bucks , but I also use mine a lot . If you are not competative or are a light user this would be fine.If you are looking for solid protection from frequent or heavy hitters , invest in the good stuff .
 The Zurg action figure did not hold up very well . Within a week of owning it , the ironblaster fell off and the bottom on Zurg 's body -LRB- the part with the wheels that rolls -RRB- came off and could not be glued back on . Also , from the day it arrived , the cape would not stay in place . My boys love the whole Toy Story 2 gang and were willing to accept Zurg with all his faults .
 This toy is really lame . It is much smaller than advertised and in comparison to the other toy story toys . I am very disappointed in this purchase . My son has played with it for 5 minutes and already is asking for a toy the same size as buzzlightyear - very sad .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 this figure is crap it do n't look like him and it has the weakest joints cuz i took it out the box and i just went to move it in a pose and it broke -LRB- i was careful not to -RRB-
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I gave this as a gift to my grand daughter . It captured her attention for about ten minutes . I 'm not saying your child might not find it interesting , but it bombed as a gift with me .
 This toy is a waist of money , dont bother with it . When I seen it I walked away . It dont play games , and it is Not a colored screen . This toy is miss leading & this biggest waist of money !!!!!
 My husband is a collector and this was a gift I bought him and I am so very disappoited ! The product was jammed into a US postal box and because of that the box that the collectable comes in is now all banged up on the edges ! Therefor now the collector value is now lower because of the damage . The person who sold it really should know better how to package a collectable and not try saving money by jamming it in to a box that does not properly fit ! On top of it I paid for shipping ! And thats what I got ! That is the last time I order any collectable from here!Hot Wheels Classics Snake & Mongoose VW Drag Bus Race Set
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought these thinking I was getting a higher quality product , the price was the only thing higher.After less than 6 weeks of use , they are ripping in multiple places and one is ripped all the way up the side . I also bought them from my 8 year old son and the same thing is happening to his as well , just at a slightly slower rate . I guess they are not meant for solid contact , maybe just point sparring or lightly tapping a bag/target . Next time I will just buy the cheapest pair expecting to throw them in the trash and I would n't be so disappointed.UPDATE : The company did replace the product free of charge so I updated my review since they did stand behind their product . Unfortunately The new pair is starting to rip again same as the old pair . I think these are decent if you are not kicking hard ie . light sparring . I would not use they for kick any bags or targets with force -LRB- this is why I got them -RRB- . Light kicks to people with these will protect your opponent , but using these for power kicks to a bag results in them falling apart , also they do not stay in place well after a few hard kicks and I have to adjust them .
 I bought this puzzle for my mother . It was missing 2 pieces . An email was sent to the company and they said she lost the pieces . There are no children or pets running around my mother 's home that might have knocked a piece off the table or taken a piece . The pieces were never in the box . I am very disappointed with this puzzle and the company .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 I was disappointed with this toy because there were not enough of the larger logs , and , I believe , there is a limited amount of structures for a child to make . It was purchased for a five-year-old , and based on one of the reviews I had read , I decided that the larger set in the box would be too large and heavy for him to handle , so I opted for this set .
 Commemorative Edition TinI purchased the Lincoln Logs for my 3 year old grandsons . I must say that I was disappointed with the quality of the product . The instructions say not to use the product on carpet because the dye may rub off and stain it ! The green roof slats are rounded on one side . The roof is very hard to attach to the roof trust for a three year old . Because the side that is round is the side that faces down , they are hard to keep in place . Also , the way in which the red trust is cut , the green roof pieces slide off too easy . If I had it to do all over again , I would not buy it ! It would probably be better to shop a garage sale and try and find an old set that was made correctly . A very sad shopping experience .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 Unfortunately there was way to many problems with this thing to have made it worth the effort and cost.First of all , the tubes are very very stiff which made it a pain to put together . Impossible , no , but annoying YES ! A toy should never be too big of a pain for the adults in my opinion.Second , The smoke liquid AND the bubble solution were BOTH only half full ! They were greasy on the outside as if they had leaked . Nothing else was greasy which makes me wonder if they were already like that before being packaged.And last , after the annoyance of putting the darn thing together , ours did n't work!Our experience with this thing was simply bad . I might have exchanged it for a new one if not for the first two issues . I just did n't want to deal with it again .
 Both the bubble solution and the smoke solution bottles had leaked the majority of their contents into the box . The product was wet and slimy and had to be washed before assembly . The bubble solution had eaten it 's was through the safety seal , yes eaten like acid thru aluminum . My son had no problem assembling the product , and said `` it looks cool , '' but was very disappointed with its performance . The smoke never worked and only simple bubbles could be made , nothing like the video . We packaged it back up and we are returning it Amazon today .
 Against the odds , I purchased it . The tubes are getting stiff -LRB- has it been in the box too long ? -RRB- so , I do n't think the bubble solution was moving around too well . I have to really sit and work it over with an `` engineer 's '' mind to see how I can make it really work . There was just a little bottle of bubbles , but those are readily available . It mostly looks neater that it ends up being .
 Save your money for something else . After numerous tries , I could not make the toy generate either bubbles or smoke . The bubble solution would not flow more that half-way through the tubing , although it did leak out of the valve and make a puddle on the table ! We even manually put bubble solution on the bubble generator , but the fan did not seem strong enough to make a bubble . We tried to follow the smoke instructions exactly , since there was a small addendum to the instructions , saying it would not make smoke unless instructions were followed exactly . Nothing ! Almost as disappointing for me as for my son .
 What a waste of time and money . It does n't work and the instructions are horrible . I can only guess that they were written by nonEnglish speakers as they are unintelligible . We never saw any smoke and the bubbles ended up being made by hand with the wand instead of with the machine . Anyone know what the `` wall '' is ? We spent an hour trying to figure that part out . Stick with the little bottles and wands that you buy in drug stores for 10 cents . They are far superior !!
 This was purchased for my 7 year who loves everything to do with science and of course bubbles ! The square bubble was a joke , the smoke did n't work , the solution was to thick to move through the tube , bubbles in a bubble did n't work . Overall I would not recommend this kit and I regret purchasing it since it disappointed my budding scientist so much !
 I was determined to get the Bubble Experiment Lab to work , and occasionally met with varying levels of success after hours of fiddling with it . However , I was never able to get the smoke generator to generate any satisfactory smoke emissions , even though I followed the instructions to the letter . My daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- started out eagerly participating in each of the steps putting together the Bubble Lab , and asked lots of good questions about how it works along the way , but after about 30 to 45 minutes of setup and failed initial experiments , she got bored and went off to play with her sister . They played with several other toys and put together a few puzzles , before the first successful bubbles started to emerge , but by then , the effort had outweighed the reward so much , she lost interest . The bubbles produced by the bubble maker were unreliable in strength and never grew big enough to capture them on the bubble wand included with the lab . I could have supplemented with a smaller bubble wand to keep the experiments moving , but since the smoke generator did n't work either , I did n't see the value in keeping it . It 's too bad , because this lab had so much potential to be neat , and it looks really cool when it 's assembled . Sadly , I had to return it . I do n't think I 'd recommend this to any of my friends .
 This was a total flop . My husband & I thought this would be a cool X-mas present . WE WERE WRONG !!! -LRB- and we both have college degrees -RRB- It took far too long to put it together and then afterwards the bubbles were a COMPLETE FLOP . Our 7 year old was so disappointed and frustrated he wanted to just throw it out . He said this was one of the worst toys . He exceeds in school above his class and so we thought he would enjoy this . WRONG !!!!!
 Do not even consider purchasing this toy . Save your money and time . After our fussing with this Experiment Lab for about 3 hours to put it together and get it to work -LRB- and accomplishing ZIPPO -RRB- , our 8 year old daughter walked off , completely disinterested . It produced NO smoke , the bubbles are weak , there is hardly any solution for neither the bubbles or the smoke ... plain and simple
 This product was fustrating and did not work properly , the most important piece - the fan motor did not work . The smoke did not work . They say if you do n't follow directions exactly the smoke does n't work - well it ca n't be made to be that picky for kids . Very disappointing to my 7 yr old boy . Got a second one to replace the fan motor and the bubble part worked but not the smoke not matter what I did.My son just picked up the bubble wand and blew bubbles with it - no motor and fancy science needed there . This toy was returned big time .
 Absolutly terrible product nothing worked . I would not recommend this product . One star is too high of a rating
 What a piece of junk . My son was so excited about this toy . It was the first thing we got into on Xmas day . The valve did not work properly and the bubble goo never made it into the chamber . Like an idiot , I gave the product another shot . -LRB- Kudos to Amazon who got me a replacement by the 31st ! -RRB- Same thing . The product you pay for is essentially just a neat idea , not an actual working product . Shame on them indeed .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson , a clever 9 year old - who asked me to help him assemble and operate it . The assembly instructions are worse than awful . The step by step instructions are a series of B&W postage stamp sized , fuzzy photos . Impossible to use as a guide . As a last resort , I consulted the box cover and an included fold-out . No luck as the configuration pictured was not the configuration of the toy . Do not waste your money on this one unless , of course , you want to purchase several hours of frustration . In that case , this is the product for you .
 This product taught my children the valuable lesson . Do n't judge a book by its cover . This item looked `` neat and cool '' , but was really disappointing and frustrating . A literal bubble `` buster '' .
 After purchasing this product and attempting it make it work by the end of the day it was set aside only later to be tossed in the trash!The mfg should be ashamed of this product .
 This toy was difficult to set up and we were not able to make it work for more than a minute at a time . I would not recommend it .
 This thing is awful . I was so excited to set it up and have my son enjoy his Christmas present . After several hours of trying to get this thing working , I gave up . Great example to set for the kids , but what could I do ? The only thing my sons enjoyed was the bubble blowing wand that they manually used out of a dish . Not exactly worth the price or wasted evening .
 My son received this as a gift . He loves experiments and science but this never really worked . Only got half of the bubbles . Now this sits on a shelf taking up space .
 If you must purchase this item for your `` gotta-have-it '' `` nothin-else-will-do '' child , then please have these items on hand . A bottle of dishwashing liquid or classic blowing bubbles , a bubble wand , and a small bowl or cup . And anything that smokes . -LRB- Gramps with his stinking cigar will do -RRB- . When your child discovers this item does not work like the video , nor is it 's performance even close you will need some backup . My son had more fun , ceased his heartbroken tears , and livened gramps up by blowing bubbles at gramps smoke rings .
 Terrible , terrible . I am a research engineer and have used laboratory equipment for 30 years . I purchased this for my 8 year old daughter after she saw an ad on TV showing how wonderful it was . The assembly was not difficult however the bubble solution bottle was less than half full as was the smoke solution . The quality of the bubbles was considerably less than what you could make from a dime store bottle and the bubble generator itself was unnecessarily complicated and performed poorly . The `` smoke '' solution is supposed to make smoke when heated in the internal chamber of the smoke generator . The smoke was less visible than the steam coming off a cup of warm coffee . The video ad for this product is absolutely false and misleading . My daughter and I both felt decieved . I will return this product and get my money back . What a disappointment for a child that is enthusiatic for science toy .
 This is a horrible product . This product came partially assembled . The rest of the assembly was difficult and time consuming with poor written guidance . Half the bubble bottle was empty on arrival . After wiring the contraption , it did n't worked . I checked and double checked but found there was a malfunction in the motor . I would recommend this horrible product to no one . Buyer Beware !!!!!
 The product was not difficult to assemble , but nothing worked ! We had to manually put some bubble solution on the bubble blower and even then it only produced a medium sized bubble . The little cup that was supposed to feed the solution to the blower never worked . There is a tube that connects the two parts , but the bubble solution does n't flow through it , even when the valve is open . The smoke generator does n't work either . I followed the directions carefully and tried several times . I bought this toy a couple of months ago on Amazon , but my son just opened it yesterday for Christmas . I hope Amazon will still take it back !
 Poorly designed , poorly manufactured . Frustrating for adults and children , no fun for the whole family !!! Very flimsy construction , poorly made valves for the bubble fluid , control for allowing air into apparatus to fill bubbles is almost painful to operate . As others have said , smoke generator is useless , even when following instructions to the letter . The half-filled -LRB- and leaking -RRB- containers of smoke and bubble fluid only add insult to injury . As far as making bubbles is concerned , even with much practice and patience , we can make far better bubbles blowing them the old fashioned way . Stay FAR away from this ...
 This product is terrible . We will be returning it . My son received this item for Christmas . He tried to get it to work for 2 hours and the bubbles would not stay formed . He tried again and got the same result the next day . He is 10 and usually is very successful on projects like this . It is also very difficult to clean .
 This was the most incredibly time-wasting , useless piece of junk that I have ever encountered . Horrible design
 I purchased this product for my 8 year old son for Christmas and we were both very dissapointed . Not only are the directions written poorly with many grammatical errors the toy could n't produce a decent bubble . It is incredibly loud and and flimsy and the smoke generator was equally as useless . If I could give this product less than 1 star I would , we will be returning it tomorrow .
 Piece of crap . Never once got it working right . It went to the recycling center ... hopefully something worthwhile can be gotten from the cast-off plastic .
 The Mad Science Bubble Lab is a very disappointing product . My daughter saw the adverisement on television and thought it looked amazing . She patiently waited for me set up the experiment and was very disappointed because the toy did not work . The parts that we received were different looking that those in the diagram . The tubes were far to long to get the bubble solution from the cup to the bubble flask . We did not even get to try the motor because we could never get the solution to flow through the tubes . The enclosed brochure talks about how to get kids excited about science which is ironic because there is nothing excited about this toy !
 When I first saw this I thought it would be great for our 8yr old . I was wrong . It 's complicated , frustrating to get to work right even for an adult . The directions were hit or miss on some of the finer details on how to produce the bubbles . The plastic used to make this also has a distinct -LRB- and my wife says `` Unpleasent '' -RRB- scent . The smoke liquid to create the smoke effect is not to be used by children . Another point I would have liked to have known before buying this . I ran under the assumption it was a non-toxic , fairly easy to use toy going by the age on the package and just the concept itself . What 's easier than making a bubble ? I only wish getting this toy to make bubbles was as easy .
 These shin guards look great but do n't work well for kick boxing . I found that they slide around on my leg and do n't protect my shin when kicking , particularly when I sweat . They have a velcro and stretch strap fasteners at the knee and at the bottom around the ankle , perhaps a third strap around the calf would help .
 Even though the track looks super cool , my son is to young it appears to keep the cars on the track , meaning it takes a well managed hand to know when to apply speed and let up .
 I bought this for my kid as a christmas present . One car did not work at all when I put the track together , the other died within 48 hours . I ordered 4 other slot cars from Carrera , hoping they would perform better , but it is not the case . They do not stay in their slots in the curves and the looping . The speed control is not fine enough there by prohibiting the user from choosing the right speed to maneuver the curves slow enough to not fly out but fast enough to not fall off . I bought the item because I played with a Carrera race track when I was a child , that was a quality toy , this here is a low quality pice . The cos benefit value is lousy . I can not recommend it and will not buy another part for it .
 If I had known that the red car would arrive already defective , I would n't have bothered to buy the set . The silver car runs well , but the red car 's magnet is glued in incorrectly , which causes the car to drag and stick . It also has faulty strips which prevent it from moving forward . Even with the turbo boost button , the car still does n't work properly . Overall , not a great product for the money .
 The other reviews are dead on when they say the cars wo n't stay on track . I ca n't believe anyone would give this toy 5 stars . Setup takes a couple of hours , and as I 've yet been able to make one complete revolution on the track , I ca n't tell how long it takes to become proficient enough to do so . The manual is poor and offers no help short of setup , which is simply a coulple of diagrammed pictures . I guess with a few more hours of practice , my son and I might be able to make a complete circuit , but sorry ; the fun to cost ratio of this toy is abysmal .
 I would give this 0 stars if I could . I remember playing with similar race track sets with my dad when I was little . Only then , the sets cost alot less & the cars actually worked ! I bought this Carrera set for my sons for Christmas . We have yet to get both cars to go around the track once without one or both flying off . They get stuck , go off track & fly off constantly . Not worth the hassle & not fun at all . This will end up going back in the box . If only I had read these reviews before purchasing it , I would have saved some money . Unfortunately , I ordered it from another toy site that did n't have reviews on it .
 Spent over three hours setting this up with my son only to have a disappointed son . This is not like the old AFX slot cars . Do not buy . I threw it away .
 Order cancelled by company 5 days before Christmas . I will not order from this company again . This product was listed on the Amazon website as available when it was ordered .
 We tried this out for a few hours . Without the vertical turn this might be a nice set . However , the cars rarely stay on the track even after a lot of adjustment to the brushes under the cars . For older kids , maybe 10 + might be ok but not good for anyone younger .
 My daugther has been bugging me for months now for a camera . I did n't expect a whole lot from this camera but it was even worse than I could have imagined . It should be a crime to sell this thing . Pictures were very blurry , grainy , totally unusable . It wo n't even work in low light condition or indoors for that matter . But when you take photos outside , the light parts of the photo are totally WHITED OUT.This piece of junk it going back to the store right now . If I could give it less than one star I would !
 I had it with 35mm cameras for my daughter . They are just toys and the sadness in her face when the film would get caught inside was not worth it at all . I thought that a digital camera would be the best way to go . She asked for the Barbie digital camera and I thought how bad could it be ? WELL ! I did n't pay full price which is a good thing but it still amazes me that they put low functional items on the market.If there is n't natural light in the picture , you may as well forget the picture was taken . The quality of the pictures taken outside were n't bad . They were bright . Anything taken in the house was awful.Just about any picture I tried to take in the house received two beeps telling me that I could n't take the picture!DON ' T waste your time and/or money on this camera . I will be looking for a reasonable , `` real '' digital camera -LRB- with a flash -RRB- for my daughter to take pictures . Even the cheapest 35mm camera has a flash on the camera !
 I bought this camera for my four year old , but I would have been better off with a toy camera instead . The only thing you can take a picture of is a light bulb or fixture . It requires very bright lights to take a picture . It is the worst product I have ever bought .
 Do n't waste your money on this camera ; it is a total waste of currency . I ordered this camera for my daughter 's 4th birthday and once you discover that this piece of junk does not work , and as one of the other reviewer 's wrote , `` the look of disappointment on the child 's face is not worth it . '' The only thing that she was able to take a picture of was the sun -LRB- requires very bright light -RRB- . Please do not put yourself through buying this piece of junk to only have to return it . As I stated above , giving this product one star is too much , this is the worst product on the market .
 I bought this for my 5yr old niece when she came to visit me . She was beyond excited . We installed batteries and she walked around taking pictures and loving every moment of it . Then came trying to get the pictures off the camera ... the software that came with the camera is awful . I tried installing it on 3 different computers and a laptop and it did n't work on any , and even caused a ` blue screen ' on one of them -LRB- which is pretty rare with Windows XP in my experience -RRB- . I 've worked with dozens of digital cameras over the years and never experienced any trouble getting the computer to recognize the device . If your are going to spend $ 35 on a toy digital camera for your child , I recommend spending a few dollars more and getting an inexpensive ` real ' digital camera . The look of dissapointment from the child 's face is not worth it .
 Omigod ! this is the worst product ever ! I got it for my birthday and after having it for one day , ONE DAY ! , it broke ! Please do n't waste your money on this ! Spend it on something that will last more than 24 hours !
 Do not waste your money on this terrible product . The picture quality -LRB- if you can get it to take a pictures -RRB- is as lousy as you can get . It will only take a picture in the brightest of light . The software does not load without following complicated directions and even then the camera connects only about 10 % of the time . Barbie should be ashamed to have her name on this piece of junk .
 Very disappointing . At the time I ordered the camera in October there was nothing but positive feedback . After receiving and trying to use -LRB- yet to be able to take a picture -RRB- the reviews have turned to the complete oppposte . What happened to the camera ? We have put two sets of batteries in the camera and w/i 2 minutes the batteries are drained and no picture has been taken . My next disappointment has come when I try to return a non-working product to Amazon after 30 days and they will only refund me 50 % of the cost for a product they sell and does not work . Do n't expect my business any longer ...
 As my title says this camera is a piece of JUNK ! My daughter got this item for christmas . Have not used it once because it does not work AT ALL . Biggest waste of money . Please be aware - just go out and spend a little bit more money and get them the real deal .
 This outfit is supposed to come with a hat and belt but when I received it , those items were missing . It had only the top and skirt in the package which had never been opened . The picture posted on Amazon 's website is thus misleading and I still have n't given it to my daughter since she will be disappointed too .
 I bought this set of pony 's for my 2 girls who are finatics . They are cute and each come in their own metal box . One of the pony heads was broken off when my daughter first open the box . It 's not worth sending it back for a replacement . The return shipping will cost more than the pony . The other 5 ponies were good .
 I had a couple of Zebco spincast rods and reels similar to this when I was a kid . They were generally reliable , so I thought one of these would make a good first rod for my 5 year old daughter . But I picked this model up for her last weekend and it just does n't work . Sometimes it will cast as far as 4 or 5 feet . Most of the time it locks up and does nothing at all , even though I am operating the thing properly.This reel is unfortunately a completely piece of junk . Literally , you 'd be better off tying some line to a flexible stick .
 have n't used it yet , it is for our 3 year olds birthday , she has been begging for a pink fishing pole . The one that came was NOT the one I ordered , which bummed me out , cause the one they sent , I had seen cheaper at walmart -LRB- & others on here with eligable for FREE SHIP & this one did not -RRB- but ordered the OTHER want I wanted when I found it here , I was disappointed , but it is still a pink fishing pole , so I guess that will work .
 Please think twice before buying this game . My daughter received this as a gift , and I have never been more disappointed in a game . The object of the game is to find another player whose cards show a term that matches a term on your cards . To do this , the players call out the terms on their cards , hoping to find another player with a match . The Bible terms are not defined ; no player has to demonstrate a knowledge of the terms ; there is no requirement that players determine the meaning of the terms ; the players never learn the terms by playing the game . They could be calling out the names of automotive parts , for all intents and purposes ! No learning occurs whatsoever . I think that the advertising for this game is just deceptive . Kids can shout out Bible terms until the cows come home , but unless they are learning something about them , what is the point ? Very disappointing !
 My 10 year old son enjoys collecting model airplanes , we were really disapointed when we removed the plane from the package to find it to be a simple nondescript plastic airplane . Certainly not worth the $ 20.00 spent -- His grandmother was terribly embarrassed by the gift she gave .
 This plane is hard to fly . I had one good flight of about 20 seconds , the others were a rather quick crash . I could not get it to take off on pavement . It is best to fly over a field with tall grass to cusion your landing/crash . The plane is very light so the slightest breeze will cause problems .
 I bought this as a gift for my niece . We opened it immediately to give it a try and it simply did not work well . The bubbles either did n't come out or came out very slowly . It 's also very messy . It seems strange to just throw away a brand new toy but I expect that the X-Stream Links is headed that way .
 I got it for my 3 yo son and we can not even make it to work at all . such a waist of money but most of all see the disapontment on the face of the little one . shame on them .
 This item has to be loaded with the bubble solution and closely monitored by an adult to avoid spills . Even an adult can spill the solution causing a huge mess that is difficult to clean up . It does make a nice amount of bubble when in use .
 Be careful which version of this figure is being shipped to you . I received the ` clear ' version which omitted all color of these figures which makes it very unappealing .
 This product was very fun while it lasted , but as I will explain , you will wish you never spent the money . After a couple of months the gears began to slip and the cheaply made wheels wore through leaving holes in the plastic tires . I ordered a new set of tires from the company , and they wore out rather quickly as well.As time went on the gears stripped more and more and both rear wheels stripped at the place where the cheap plastic gear engages the wheels . I turned the jeep over and took everything apart . It clearly needs a new set of gears and new wheels and another set of tires as well . I called the company and after a long wait on hold was told that they no longer sell parts directly and that I must contact the nearest `` service center '' to order parts . The closest one is 200 miles away . I called the service center in Concord , CA and was told that they can not sell me the parts . They said I have to bring the vehicle in and have them do it . -LRB- This repair is certainly not technically demanding . -RRB- They refused to consider the distance I would have to drive , and adamantly refused to sell me the parts . The man was rude and hung up on me.I would not consider spending this much again on such a cheaply made vehicle . When you manufacture things out of cheap plastic , something is bound to need replacement even with utmost care . For the company to then refuse to sell needed parts is beyond ridiculous .
 Amazon has changed my mind - they do n't always have the best pricing . This is hundreds cheaper elsewhere . I changed my shopping habits and no longer trust in Amazon to offer the best pricing . The Hurricane is a great toy - expensive regardless of the source . Grand Kids love it . Repairs are the issue and you will need them . I have two other Power Wheels products and true to form , this one broke after two months ; right on schedule , and much sooner than the high price should allow . Fun fun but inevitable repairs are a HUGE hassle . Our Gnome and the Jeep move at the same pace now . The tires and torque are a plus for yard travel . Battery charge time is is a BIG negative . The extra battery is a good idea but also expensive . I 'm done with Power Wheels toys , at the end of the day more trouble than fun.Fisher-Price Power Wheels Ultimate Terrain Traction Jeep Hurricane
 Do n't buy this , because they will only send you a replacement wheel . They are not very good at honoring their word . And not good about fixing the situation when they mess your order up . They false advertise this item , and did not make it right .
 I bought the mattel power wheels jeep hurricane for my son for Christmas . I opened up the box and there 's no plastic bag of fasteners in it anywhere . I tore up the box and parts looking for the plastic bag of fasteners which is a necessity to put the whole thing together . Nothing ! I called the 800 service number expecting them to be able to ship me a bag of fasteners within a few days or so . Worthless ! The lady at the other end gave me a number for a repair place about 20 miles from my house where I am supposed to be able to get the fasteners . I called them . I got a recording and they seem more interested in servicing appliances and car stereos than Power Wheels toys . Very disappointing ! A waste of my time . I will never buy another Power Wheels toy ever . Never ! Do n't waste your time or your money with these toys . Your kids will learn to drive real cars soon enough ! Big fat zero for MATTEL and there lack of customer service after the sale . I 'd like to take this big bunch of Chinese plastic junk and dump it right on Mattel CEO Bob Eckert 's doorstep !
 This jeep has made every kid on the block bleed . 1st - the windshield stops directly in front of a the child 's teeth . Any time they run into anything , their faces fly into said windshield . We finally had to cut a noodle and slice it to pad the top of the windshield . Also , because the driver does n't always make sure everyone is seating down before going , there 's been a lot of blood . Not a safe toy , but the kids still love it .
 I should have read the reviews before buying this . Like others have said , it 's too difficult to open . I had to use tools to pry it open . My children cry because they could n't open it . Further , one of them tried to use his teeth to get it open and complained it hurt his jaw -LRB- as it would -RRB- . Fortunately , he did n't damage his teeth ! I will try what the other reviewer suggested and see if bending the pieces a little might help . Further , the egg comes with a long tag that needs to be removed for better play . Removing the tag is not so easy as it is well sewn onto the product , and the egg is easily damaged when trying to cut it off -LRB- do n't bother trying to tear it -RRB- .
 I really wanted to get my boys a few of the eggs because their friend had one similar to the Haba eggs and they loved it . The shell is very hard , even for me to get apart . The fabric egg inside is cute . The one their friend had had a small weight in the yolk to help it fall out once the shell was open and I really like that about the other brand .
 OK , so here 's another ' I should have listened to other reviewers ' review ... I just received the egg and tried to open it . I was successful , but it took much effort . I am disappointed in the egg shell , but feel ok with that since I knew that there could be a problem and chose to purchase anyway.Just wanted to note that my fabric egg is shaped like a teardrop -LRB- less than thrilled about that too -RRB- and that the egg white is not so white ... its a creamy light beige color . I assume that they made the egg this color so that it didnt look filthy all of the time , but I would have rather just cut some circles out of cheap felt and replaced when necessary .
 Our 1 year-old got a hold of the bottom half of this egg shell and managed to get it stuck in her mouth , ` open ' side in . It was one of the most horrible moments I have ever had with one of my kids . It was wedged in so tight there was no way to get my finger in between the egg and her lip without hurting her , which is exactly what ended up happening . By the time we got it out , her mouth was bleeding and she was throughly freaked out and in pain . I felt awful and wished I had never bought this stupid egg for her older sister . It really never opened right as others have mentioned . We used to buy a lot of Haba products , but this item made me fall out of love with the company .
 I bought this egg despite the reviews saying it was very hard for a little one to open . Uh -- CHEA -- that , my friends , was the understatement of the year . I decided to open it tonight , in advance of Christmas , so we can get everything ready to play with Christmas morning before we wrap it . I struggled to open this egg out the package even with longer nails to help pry it apart -LRB- I 'd soon find out that even if I had talons I still could n't pry it open -RRB- . Once I got it open , I tried to grease the parts where it connects so that it would MAYBE open easier . Nope . NOW IT 'S LOCKED SHUT . My husband and I both tried everything to open the egg but it 's not budging -- like EVER again . Thankfully we took the inside portion out before shutting it so our daughter can use that part . The only fun apart about this egg was my husband and I making fun of each other for not being able to open a stupid toy egg . It 's not worth returning because it would cost half the price -LRB- at least -RRB- of the item 's price to ship it back . Just be warned -LRB- and heed the warning that I did not -RRB- that this egg does NOT open easily if AT ALL . Pass it up and put the money toward a Small World Living Toys play food item that actually works .
 I bought two of these for my 3 year old and 6 year old girls . They look like the cutest things ever , and as a child , I loved helping my mom crack real eggs to cook , so I thought my kids would love these . They are nearly impossible to pry open , even for me . I 'm not exaggerating , I 'm a very strong person , but can barely get them opened once in a while . Because they are so hard to open , my kids used their mouths , trying to pry them open ... the metal bent , the paint scratched off ... I ended up throwing the shell part away b/c I was worried about them getting hurt with them . I love the idea , but some tweaking is definitely needed to make this a better product . I feel it was a total waste of my money . : -LRB-
 I wish I would have read the reviews . I could NOT get the egg open . It 's being returned . This is the first ever HABA toy I 'm disappointed with .
 Both the tin painted shell and the fabric egg seem sturdy enough , but after a minute of frustrated prying and twisting , I gave up , and am sending it back . Big disappointment - there 's no fun with an egg you ca n't crack !
 If it were n't so hard to open , it would be great ! I read the reviews that said the same , but could n't find any other egg you could open , so tried my luck . We 've worked on it and it 's better but really not well designed , though a fun idea . My 3 year old is still having fun with it it despite the design flaw .
 My daughter was extremely interested in how I crack eggs when we make eggs so when I found this toy , one of the only non-plastic egg toys that actually ` cracks ' I was thrilled.Unfortunately , these eggs are a little smaller than I anticipated.I would have been fine with this as my daughter knows not to put anything in her mouth but other kids in her playgroup -LRB- all under 2 years of age -RRB- are n't . Once the eggs crack , the pieces are small enough for a young toddler to put in his/her mouth and possibly get stuck.The deal breaker for me was that even if a kid does n't put the halves in his/her mouth , it was nearly impossible to actually ` crack ' the egg . At one point I though I might have to get a wrench to pry the pieces apart . It was so frustrating for our daughter that she does n't even play with these eggs anymore . She plays with the wooden eggs and pretends they crack or plays with the handful of plastic eggs she received at an Easter egg hunt . She takes the sunny side egg and stuffs it in the plastic egg.It would be nice if these eggs were slightly bigger to avoid being a choking hazard and if the eggs ` broke ' in less of a smooth fashion so it makes breaking them easier for a child.Save your money . Your child and you will not find these as much fun .
 Bought this for my 6 year old son ... he was not ver impressed at all . He played it for like 10 minutes and have n't played it since . Not a very good game for anyone .
 I ordered this for my grandson and while he has not played with it yet , I have . I opened the package to install the batteries as they are not included . I tried it out , and the graphics are extremely small `` pencil '' drawings . Also I can not say that it is especially responsive . I felt bad enough about this gift that I got him a second gift from V Tech which is very nice and works very well !
 I purchased this toy for my four-year-old grandson for Christmas . It has to be the worst toy I ever bought . My grandson could n't figure how to play it , so we passed it around all the dozen adults present . They could n't figure it out either . Would not recommend for any age ! I contacted the seller and was told it could n't be returned because the package had been opened . This is the last toy I will ever purchase from an Amazon seller !
 In theory this is a nice trick , but in order to get the ball to move up and down the tube you have to move your hand some . For anyone over the age of five this is a dead give away as to what 's going on . however , since I do tricks for tots , they are amazed while their parents chuckle !
 Loud and squeaky , not what I expected . I never performed it in front of anyone I was trying to impress .
 A poor value at any price . Not suitable for preschoolers.Puzzle is cardboard , maybe twice as thick as a cereal box.After you remove the pieces from the frame for the first time , even an adult will find it difficult to cram them back in . Our puzzle would n't go together without bowing in the middle .
 I attempted to make this kit with a young man age 13 , who I mentor . the box was misleading in that it stated all you needed was batteries . In truth , you needed some kind of wire stripper and needle nose pliers would have been very helpful . We did manage to strip the wires as instructed , using a pair of scissors but we broke one of the connections trying to attach the wire . The manual dexterity to make this is more that the two of us had together .
 I could have bought this at the craft store for .50 onstead of $ 30 ! Too bad my son saw it or I would have sent it back .
 Do you know what is 12 inches regarding this ball?That 's how high it bounces when you slam it to the ground pissed off that it is actually 8 inches!Lying scummy dishonest seller . -LRB- plus it 's about as cheap a ball as you can find ... -RRB-
 Our daughter wanted a beach ball from Santa last month , so Santa ordered these beach balls , so he thought . First of all , the advertising for this `` beach ball '' is misleading . The picture shows lots of beach balls , 5 of them to be exact . Well , my fault for not reading closely , but I was in a hurry comparing beach balls and seen the picture , clicked on it thinking I just bought 5 beach balls and got one . My fault . Secondly , the beach ball was supposed to be 12 '' . Well , it was more like 8 '' . Thirdly , there was no check valve on the air valve . You know how most inflatable things allow you to blow air in and it holds the air in so it wo n't blow back out when you remove your mouth from the valve . This did not so it was IMPOSSIBLE to get the ball fully inflated because it was so small . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Does n't hold air for very long ... but I guess that 's part of the fun for my kids .
 This is not a 12in ball and it is about 10in . It is hard to blow air and seal it . This is not a quality product and it is a waste of money .
 This ball is more like 7 inches in diameter . It is near impossible to inflate because the air rushes back out before you can seal it . It does n't matter , because it wo n't stay inflated anyway .
 Although aluminum package was beatiful -LRB- not torn -RRB- , 25 % -LRB- 1 section -RRB- was completely broken . Maybe it might have been dropped or by similar reason before shipping . -LRB- wrapping for final shipping was perfect -RRB- This type of glassware has to be taken a special care of before shipping -LRB- as well as after shipping -RRB- .
 `` The order is shipped pretty quick , but amounts short , contacted the seller many times , no response , then contacted Amazon as a complaint , then the seller called second day promising immeidate shipment , that shipment never happened . Emailed to seller again , no response . Finally after 24 days , I asked Amazon to get reimbursement . So far after 30 days , I have not received the 2nd box , though another sales rep promised to ship the 2nd box , have not received as of 6/1/2009 . Though coverslips very good , MedStock provides awful survice , no response , expensive shipping fee . ''
 Had high hopes for Duncan brand . Bought one for each of my 2 boys age 10 and 11 . Both strings broke in less than a week . After taking them apart , it seems you need a special string with a fabricated looped end to fix it . Not worth it in my opinion .
 The yoyo is supposed to sleep for at least a `` while '' but it really does n't . You only get about 10 seconds until the buzz starts to fade . If you 're a new guy , you do n't want to buy this yoyo . It 's not good for starters no matter how bad it is .
 Not sure why but this Yo Yo broke put it back together but its not like the original Duncan Yo Yo ... Sorry !!!
 Do n't be fooled !!!!!!!!! I bought another yoyo at the same time as this one and i ended up buying 2 of the exact same yoyos . The yoyo you get is nothing like the picture . And worst of all , the yoyos does not spin long at all . 3 seconds tops . And if you throw it even slightly hard , it will come up so fast and really hurt your hand . Your better off saving your money and buying a decent yoyo .
 The `` small print '' says that the actual color may be different . Well , the style of what I was sent was different , too . If I could return this yoyo easily , I would .
 I purchased this expecting better craftsmanship . I opened the package then proceded to &#34; yo-yo &#34; only to find out that It was not centered . It would keep leaning towards one side and would n't sleep for more than 4 seconds . There is no way to take it apart . I wish I did n't lose my paperwork that came with it , or I would have returned it . I thought Duncan was supposed to be one of the best out there but I was wrong ! Oh well . I will spend more money on another one , but probably wo n't be a duncan unless I can try it out before I purchase it . God Bless , Jake Hammond
 I just bought the hyper st. The carb was not set properly out of the box so of course I could n't get it started . The RTR does not even come with instructions letting you know the carb is not set or how to tune it for the break in period . I called OFNA technical support and got hung up on by some punk kid named `` DJ '' . Do n't buy this product , unless you want to be at the mercy of some pubescent dipstick named `` DJ '' . Its also hard to find and identify the parts for the carbuerator . I had to go to about 10 different hobby shop sites before I could find a main needle assembly . I 'm starting to think I should have gone with the HPI Hellfire Instead .
 OK so i 'm a big fan of the ddr series but there 's something really bad about this game and that is the game play well you have the DVD and the Matt and your ready to go right wrong because the Matt is missing the plug kinda a major part of the game so this means the game is playing itself and your just pretending also this game konami just helped with because theres no reall songs in it if you want a real DDR experience but can only get the plug in play versions i suggest my first Dance Dance Revolution or Dance Dance Revolution disney mix
 So i bought the same exact thing from toys r us a couple of years ago . My sister and i wanted to try it out . We bought the game and opened it up and we were ready to play it . We set up the mats and the disk and got ready to play . It turned out that it 's an automated DVD and the mats you step on with the arrows on them DO NOT TRACK YOUR MOVES . The game will just keep saying good job or you 're doing great . There 's no connection of the mats to the tv so you do n't get a score . . It 's really not even a toy or a game .
 I did not know that this product did not have a responsive mat system . So basically the game does not know whether you stepped right or wrong . This was just a turn off for me , and I am returning the item.However , if it 's not a problem for you , it could be a great work out !
 I got this awhile ago , and I have n't had a good reason to like it . You can get caught up in it , but it is not a plug-in , so it does n't really count the arrows.My recommendation
 It 's my own fault , but this is not what I thought we were getting . The mats do not connect with the game in any way so it 's not actually a `` game '' . There is no right or wrong or score . Good for young enough kids who do n't really care though .
 Like the other reviewer who gave it a 1 Star rating , I completely agree ... do not buy this !!! It should n't be categorized as a game . Theirs is not connection between the DVD and the mat . I checked on the description prior to purchasing this and did n't see anything about it until I got the box where it says `` training mat not connected to the DVD '' . Do n't bother with this product . I 'm returning it ASAP !!!
 i play the real dance dance revolution at the YMCA my mom bought this for me becuse she was to cheep to buy me a real DDR for my game cube so i put it in on my DVD player and found out it was n't real so please just buy a ps2 xbox game cube or wii and a dance dance revolution it would make you much happier
 This version does NOT score or even aknowledge your steps . I have been an avid DDR player for years , and have even reccommended DDR for healthy weightloss and excersize programs to a LOT of my friends , who have had great success.My nephew begs and bugs about playing DDR at my house every time he 's in town . I thought I would gift him with a way he could play it at home for his last birthday , and since he does n't have a playstation , and XBox versions of the games are becoming more rare , I thought this would be fun for him . I was shocked to see what arrived in the mail . -LRB- Not amazons fault of course . -RRB- I checked out the specs online before I bought it , and even up against the `` plug n play '' versions of the game that retail for around the same price , I thought SURELY there would be no such thing as a DDR game that does n't score your steps ! What would be the point of that ? When I saw what I bought him , I was disgusted ! Firstly , `` Roxy '' is really corny , and her ever-so-cheesy `` You 're doing great ! '' and `` Keep it up ! '' is hardly easier on the ears than an 80 's Richard Simmons video . The small plastic sheet that you dance on is not only tiny width/length wise , but it 's paper thin . There is no connection from the so called `` dance mat '' to the television , so every step you take , you may as well be taking on a `` twister '' mat in front of a family member who can just as easily shout `` You 're a GREAT dancer ! '' for free.Save your money , or buy a plug n play , even though the graghics are awful , they still allow for step-scoring , THUS the REASON for playing DDR at all !
 I was so excited to get this game in the mail but my excitement quickly grew into frustration when I realized that this game is not the real DDR . I wish I would have known because I would have never ordered it . The mats are fake and the game is not very challenging compared to the real DDR . I 'm sure that young kids would enjoy it but for those over 12 it seems to stink in comparison to the real thing . What a bummer . My impression of this game when it first came out was that it was going to be exactly the same thing as playing it on PS2 or some other game system and I was so excited that someone finally thought to do it . However , my expectations were too great because the DVD DDR is just not real .
 I have a 4 year old who broke it the first day he had it . The roll pars broke first , very sharp small pieces . The Shark head came off after that , I 'm simply not impressed with the build quality of this thing . It should maybe be marketed to adults that will gingerly look at it . Kids are rough , just ask Tonka . We have yet to break a Tonka , this thing died the first day . Do the math .
 I bought this yo-yo for my 10 year old son because he needed a yo-yo that was a good sleeper . This one was advertised as such but , when we got it it did n't sleep at all ! Also , I have not been able to return it because there was no info on returning . I was very disappointed with the whole experience !
 My son recently received this toy as a gift . The water dyes were NOT washable . I tried to clean out the stains immediately after use as directed and they did not come out . Even with stain remover . Very vivid stains ! Both kids outfits were ruined.It also says the water is brightly colored and it is not . You can barely tell that the water is a color unless you hit someone with it . If your kids plan on changing into something you do n't mind staining every time they want to play with this toy then it would be okay !
 The yoyo pictured is clearly ` bare wood ' with a stripe on it . The ad says the yoyo may NOT be the color offered . SO that infers either the wood is darker or lighter and/or the stripe may be blue or orange or what not.But when the yoyo got here 9 days and $ 5.00 later , it was a PAINTED yoyo . NOT what is represented.Because I searched long for this and this was the only company offering bare wood , I bought from this seller . Right now I await contact from them . Their phone number
 This line of puzzles is cool to see the `` inside '' of the picture underneath the finished puzzle . However , this carboard puzzle does n't have any jigsaws so the pieces do n't lock together . My sons got four of these puzzles for Christmas and the pieces are everywhere . The pieces are just wedged in together so when one piece is n't in properly , the whole thing falls apart . Frustrating to kids , annoying to those of us trying to clean up after them .
 I bought the guitar from my son . He loved it at Christmas . However , the strings were always moving out of the slots . Therefore it needed to be tightened . When tightened the whole neck of the guitar broke !! The guitar did not last long at all : -LRB-
 This toy was terrible . My son was thrilled to receive it , but the strings broke in no time at all and now he has lost interest . I have to say I would n't recommend this guitar .
 This toy stinks on ICE ! I hate it . Mine doesnt even go online ! Thats so sad ! How do you have a Barbie Chat With Me ONLINE Labtop and you cant go online ! And it looks like a baby toy , It is so PRINCESS . Every thing is mainly Princess in Barbie . I am about to change my favorite toy brand to Bratz Dolls . Barbie is so Kiddie ! Whoever thinks so , change your new toy to BRATZ or FLAVAS ! Bye , Bye all !
 I really think that the screen could be bigger . you have to hold the laptop different ways before to can see the writing on the screen . Very hard for little girls to work with .
 This toy does absolutely nothing of value , other than to appear as a laptop . I would n't purchase this for any kid over 2 .
 Do n't waste your money on this lame toy ! It does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING !!!!!!!!!! My daughter was excited to receive this laptop only to find out it does n't do a single thing and it is BORING !!! I tried it myself several times and have to say I see zero learning value and it is just the DUMBEST toy out there especially for the money it costs . It is a total waste of money ! The maker makes you think it does all of this stuff when in actuality is does n't even play a -LRB- real -RRB- song !
 Yea okay me again , last january I said its great and colourful you should get it . I was dead wrong . I was dieing I mean DiEiNG for it when I heard about it last summer , Well online it sure did look awesome . When I got to toyrus I saw it and looked at it , walked away . My advice
 The Belt Bag has several major drawbacks that American shoppers should know about before ordering , especially for children.The pocketknife is a rough adaptation of a Swiss Army Knife , however its tools are very difficult to pry open , even for adults . Kids with smaller fingers -LRB- and muscles -RRB- are going to have a rough go at flipping out the blade , reamer , saw or other tools in the pocketknife ensemble . With no instructions , the product leaves kids to cut themselves fumbling with the -LRB- very sharp -RRB- knife.To add to the disfunction of the product , the small thermometer attached to the outer flap of the bag is in Celcius only ! Not much of an educational tool for kids learning Farenheit!The `` rescue whistle '' looks a heck of a lot like a `` silent dog whistle '' from a bygone era . Needless to say , if Timmy relies on this whistle to be rescued , one better hope there are some dogs around to find him.Finally , the LED penlight is very flimsy . Ours broke upon the first use , with the light 's plunger button actually popping out , never to be seen again.I 'd pass on this product .
 This is a beautiful lakeside picture but unfortunately , it is so dark that it is difficult to see the variations of color . I would recommend that you place this puzzle out in the sunlight so you can see what you 're doing .
 I purchased this puzzle for my husband and I to put together while I was pregnant with our first child . I was very tired and often ill , and there was n't a whole lot I could get done before I needed to lay down for a while . This was the second puzzle we bought and we were pretty proud of our teamwork , so we expected this one to go smoothly . However , after we had gone through and located all of the outside pieces -LRB- double - and triple-checking -RRB- we realized that the puzzle was missing several pieces . I looked into it , and the manufacturer said they will send out a new puzzle if you mail them the proof of purchase , but they ca n't promise that it will have all the pieces either . What ?! In the end I decided not to mail them proof of purchase and plead my case and we just tossed the puzzle out . It was a waste of money , but honestly , I should n't HAVE to ask for a new puzzle . They should have included all of the pieces with the first one I bought ...
 I thought it was over priced but there were so many good reviews so I took a chance . OOps that was a mistake . My stove malfunctioned after a few times playing with it . My four year old daughter was bored in no time at all . It is neat that the food has microchips in it but there is a warning that if the food is placed in drawer under stove -LRB- the only storage place on this toy -RRB- that microchips could no longer work . Please do n't waste your money on this toy . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Normally , I have been a huge proponent of Lego products , including their Software . Lego Loco , Lego Racers , Lego Stunt Rally , and Lego Alpha Team are all superb products . Lego Island 2 is slow to load , finiky in dealing with hardware and device drivers , and does not always make the controls obvious to the user . For something aimed at children and parents without time to debug and installation , this is not a good choice . I feel Lego should be more careful about licensing their name , as this is not up to their usually very high standards .
 I have never encountered such a system-demanding game . My 433 Celeron -LRB- plus 256MB SDRAM -RRB- and 16MB Blaster Banshee -LRB- with DX8-compatable Xpentor2 drivers -RRB- could barely cope with Lego Island 2 . The game often crashes to the desktop . I had problems with using the keyboard controls too . The box lies about its system requirements .
 I have a P3 866MHz with 256MB Ram and this game choked the machine , nearly 800MB of disk space is required and the delay between levels is about 2 to 3 minutes . Several blue screen errors also resulting in a hard reboot . This game should be rated `` frustration for the entire family '' . Also no on-line help but it does include a manual .
 My kids do n't really play with it any more and it was a pain to get it to work on my 2 year old Pentium 300 computer , since it would stall out and the kids got frustrated so now it sits on the shelf while they play other computer games .
 I purchased Lego Island 2 for my daughter for Christmas , my computer did n't support the game either , so I attempted to return the game to Toys R Us and of course that was pointless , however I did call Lego Media myself and they told me to send them the game back to them with a note stating that the game was not compatible with my computer and the receipt , and they would send me a refund . The consumer affairs information is on their website , check it out !! You do n't have to be stuck with a product you ca n't use .
 This CD-ROM CRASHED MY COMPUTER . -LRB- Permanently , I might add . Nobody has been able to find out why . -RRB- Be very careful when you install/run this program . You must have a super-fast highly able system . -LRB- My computer was only 18 months old , top of the line Dell . -RRB- When I called Lego Media to complain they tried to blame it on my computer , but admitted that the CD may be too complicated for most computers . This is deceiving since the system requirements on the label do n't give any warnings that it not only might not work , but may damage your computer !
 I did n't check my video card memory and I have 6 MB and it needs 8 MB . My system is only 11/2 years old . I now have software that I ca n't use and I ca n't return -LRB- Toysrus policy -RRB- . I do n't want to upgrade , but my son wants to play the game . He keeps reading the box and telling me all the things he could do .
 Lego has done better . Their newest releases seem to have abandoned the combination of fun and learning . This is a simple fun game with different arcade type activities no usefully skills involved , no puzzles , no long-term planning or management skills . If you can get hold of one for half price or less it might be worth it . My son chooses to play this maybe twice a month and otherwise it 's collecting dust . I should not forget to mention that set up and getting starting involved plenty of tears , so do set it up yourself before getting the children excited about a new game .
 This product has really cool graphics , however it takes way too long to load !!! For each individual area of the game you want to enter , you have to wait for the game to load . Infact , you even have to wait for it to load if you want to `` Quit '' the game too . It could be a really cool , but for my 6 year old daughter , it was just frustrating . I sent the game back to company for a refund and purchased the game for the Playstation instead.I personally do n't recommend this product .
 Product arrived dirty and damaged . The outer rubber of the chicken was torn halfway up the body , and there are several holes in it . Very disappointing and I feel it is not worth the $ 6 + I paid for the item . If product had arrived clean and undamaged , would have been a neat stocking stuffer .
 This toy lasted less than 20 minutes . Its head came off first , then the egg came out of where the head used to be . To top it all off , the egg popped and squirted some sort of fluid out.Don ' t buy this toy . Use the 2.99 for something more fun and lasting ... like bubble gum .
 We bought this for my daughter last year when she was 2 and she played with it a handful of times when it came out of the box , but since then , it 's been for the most part , collecting dust . When we bought it , we had read many positive reviews about it and therefore thought she would not only enjoy it , but that she would play with it for a few years . There did n't seem to be a point to the toy -- there were a * few * things she could `` explore '' , like pulling the ribbons and having music play , or sliding a button and having the ABC song play , but other than that , it seemed pointless . She lost interest rather quickly and I found that it continued to just sit in the corner unused .
 After reading the other reviews , I thought this would be a great battery operated toy for my 11 month old . But , she has displayed little more than a passing interest in it and quite frankly it seems boring as far as toys go . The other two salient parent points are that 1 -RRB- the `` sounds/songs '' it makes are not pleasing , -LRB- compared to the learn and grove table which sounds nice -RRB- , but rather sounds like an annoying video game -LRB- I think I 'll get my fill of those sounds when she older , why subject myself to it now ? -RRB- and 2 -RRB- as mentioned in other reviews the balls just roll away , so you -LRB- the parent -RRB- have to go search under the sofa for them ... like I need more work to do !
 this toy has small parts and states clearly `` for children over 3yrs old '' . however , it is clearly marketed toward babies 9months and up ! the picture on the advertisement is of a little toddler clearly not 3 or even 2 years old ! not to mention that most of the reviews are from parents getting this toy for their pre-3yr old child . i would n't be surprised if this toy was recalled soon .
 Horrible . Very cheap feeling and looking . Actually not even going to give it to daughter to use . Probable going to save to give away for a birthday present or even donate to a clothes closet . Would no recommend . I guess you get what you pay for ...
 I ordered this the item as pictured for a friend who needed a project to work on and he picked this kit . If you look closely at the ad you will notice that there is no model number listed for the item . The Guillows model number for the item pictured is # 303 with 24 '' wingspan and laser cut parts.What I received was a Guillows model # 602 which is also a Piper Super Cub with a shorter wingspan -LRB- 20 '' -RRB- and die cut pieces . What makes things more confusing is that on the invoice the model number is for the smaller kit that I received but the upc is for the larger kit that I wanted.The sales rep that I talked to could not give me any assurance that if I reordered the item that I would get the item pictured.My advice is that if you want this item that you look elseware until they make it clear on this ad that the model number is for the one that you want .
 Yes , these Scene It games seem like a great concept , but especially for the Harry Potter editions , it fails . After all , there are a certain amount of books and movies -LRB- and the Scene It 's seem to mostly rely on movies and somewhat one books , no more outside information -RRB- , and most people who will be interested in playing it are Harry Potter junkies , who have most likely viewed/read all the movies and books . The Scene-It questions are simply too easy ; the only people who may find it challenging are Harry Potter novices who have n't seen/read all the movies and books . In fact , the Scene It is so easy that , combined with it 's slow transition speed due to flashy transitions , it become downright boring . Yes , I applaud the creation of this Scene-It series and I understand that the questions CA N'T be too difficult , but for most people who would even buy the game , it 's too easy and not worth it .
 It seems that with each new Asian doll released in this series , Mattel puts forth less and less effort . I found nothing exceptional about the Korean doll - the costume seemed a bit skimpy and she did not even look particularly Korean in her facial features . Standing next to the Chinese and Japanese princesses , Korea looks nothing more than ... AVERAGE .
 This toy is impossible to close . It is marketed as if you can close the van and actually transport it . The several little pieces required for the stunts have to be disassembled and crammed into the van during any futile attempt to close it . The car launcher which is essential to perform any of the stunts periodically jams . My 6 year old has barely touched the toy . I would n't recommend it .
 This was the number 1 toy on my sons wish list for his birthday . This toy was very disappointing . Cheap , clunky and FRUSTRATING ! There are too many little parts that need to be attached , detached and re-attached every time you want to close it . It does n't close without a struggle . My 5-year-old already lost some of the accessories and the handle snapped off as we were walking to Grandpa 's house some 6 houses away . He never really plays with it until he sees the flashy and deceptively slick commercial on TV and then he excitedly pulls it out and , within 5 minutes , becomes frustrated with it and walks away - disappointed once again . His birthday was in October and I hope to locate the reciept and get a refund . What a waste . And worse ... seeing the disenchantment in his eyes everytime he pulls it out of his toy box . Shame on Hasbro for marketing such a poorly made product .
 I bought this for my son 's 4 ` th birthday - what a hunk of junk!The `` stunts '' do n't work as the plastic pieces of track do n't line up very well and I have n't been able to get the stupid truck close again . This thing belongs in the trash . My boys -LRB- and me and my husband -RRB- got really frustrated with this thing and it 's been sitting in the corner ever since .
 My son spent his own birthday money on this and was sooooo disappointed . He returned it a week later . In his own words , `` mom they should call this Super Junk City not Super Stunt City '' !! Once you finally get it open and set up , it is sure to frustrate you when it falls apart . Also forget about closing it without a major struggle . If your child is out of the norm with LOTS of patience then go for it , if not I would recommend something else .
 Bought it for my 5 yr old at Christmas - it 's held up well but is impossible to fold up and store ... so it stays open . Little cars are worse than legos when you step on them . The little cars also never seem to get played with other than with the set unlike matchboxes . My son seems to like it , but it does n't get used as often as I would expect . Save your money - buy legos !
 Do n't buy this junk . It is poorly made . My son is three and my nephew is almost four . I convinced my sister-n-law that we would give them this toy for Christmas . What an embarassment . It does n't close well or open well . Pieces constantly fall off of it and you are lucky if you can get the stunts to work properly . SAVE YOUR MONEY - DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This toy was purchased for my 3 year old brother by someone unfamiliar with small children . He was frustrated at not being able to make the stunts work . The small cars and accessories were dangerous to him and adults who stepped on them . The over-all ` truck ' does not go back together well . This item was zero fun , for all concerned .
 Christmas Morning here ... This is truly a disappointing toy.The first time we closed it up , two of the doors came off the hinges . The quality is bad and it 's far too complicated for a child to set up on his own.I agree with whomever said * Shame on Hasbro . * For sure.Next year Santa is going to read every toy review before purchasing ~
 I bought this for my son who played with something similiar atmy sisters . Thought he really loves this got ta get one or something similiar . Broke within a week or so . Does n't seem sturdy enough and wo n't fit together very easily .
 My 7 year old bought this at Toys R Us with his own money . It 's a cool idea , but it breaks way too easy . We also could n't get it to close . We returned it and got his money back .
 We bought it for my 3yr old son . After setting it up , the thing did n't even work . The tracks do n't line up and it 's a pain to assemble back into a truck . We headed right back to the store that same night and got our money back . Do n't waste your time , money and effort on this toy , especially if your child does n't yet know much about it . My son thought it was really cool but did n't really know all it 's features till I told him about them and how cool it was that he could take it with him places . After getting him all excited about it , he was very sad that we returned it .
 Well , I purchased this for my 6 year old . I loved the idea it was compact and self cantained . Boy was I wrong . It has to be assembled each and every time you play with it . Something he ca n't do on his own -LRB- and he is no slouch ! -RRB- . The main door keeps falling off as well . He has played with it maybe three times . It is now in the goodwill box !
 I bought this toy for my son this Christmas . I have to say that my son likes this toy and it is a good idea . BUT I find it not durable , believe it or not is difficult to open and close , one of the part already came off , I do n't recomend this toy at all . My son has to call me to close it and every time I close this toy I get very frustrated because is it so hard . If I knew this toy was like this I would n't of buy it plus is not worth the price .
 At first , this looked pretty good . The 1st time my 21/2 yr old played with it , he had a great time . The second time things started falling off . Each time it gets harder to put it back together . I suspect it will be the first Xmas toy to be thrown away .
 My son got this for Christmas , and I will have to agree with the other reviewers - it is not what it is cracked up to be . He is 9 so had no trouble closing it , but the stunts do not work at all . None of us could get a stunt to work - not a fun toy . We took it back today . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this toy for my 5 year old for christmas and to this day he has not been able to close this truck by himself . I have attempted and pieces keep falling off . I was very disappointed in this truck . It looked pretty cool on TV . LOOKS ARE DECEIVING !!!
 Very few of the stunts worked as the parts did n't line up . I could not get it closed . The box looked great as it had good ideas but it just does n't work . Please do n't waste your money or your time , because you will have to return it .
 This piece of trash fell apart in the first five minutes of play time . A total waste of money and a complete rip off . Hasbro should join Martha Stewart in prison .
 Do not buy this toy puppy . It made one sound and then , after going online to find out how to make it do anything else , took forever to make it lick at all . The manufacturer was n't even helpful . We actually ended up throwing it away . Amazing ? I do n't think so !
 While good in theory , these are not so good in practice . The `` non-slip mat '' is cheap and does not hold the letters in place . I have tried multiple non-slip surfaces , and my son -LRB- 41/2 -RRB- still has to hold down the letter with one hand while tracing with the other - awkward . I wish the letters were more weighted or had a more rubber -LRB- gripping -RRB- than plastic -LRB- slippery -RRB- backing .
 I recently purchased the Spider-Man Stunt System for my son at Toys R Us for Christmas.Let me just start off by saying that your company has a lot of nerve for even attempting to sell this toy . It is really not a toy at all , but rather the equivalent of being robbed . The toy does NOT work as advertised , AT ALL . I have a 6 year old who day in and day out wanted this piece of CRAP toy since September and whose heart was broken when it simply DID NOT WORK AT ALL . I am not the only person to have the same issues . Other disgruntled parents are having the same issues . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- MUCH THANKS FOR RUINING MY 6 year olds Christmas morning . We will be sure we never buy a TOY BIZ product ever again.I also happen to be a mechanical engineer incase you are wondering if it is `` just me . ''
 Save yourself some $ $ $ . This toy sucks . I bought it for my son for Christmas 04 . Let me tell you that this thing sucks plain and simple . 1 . Spiderman actually goes from post to post 1 out of 20 times . 2 . The so called traps that come with this toy such as the web dropping and the platform in which the bad guy is supposed to stand on is crap . Complete CRAP . It hardly stays up and when it does a little tiny tap will make it fall down again . This will ONLY frustrate the living crap out of your child . I wish I did not even purchase this and spent my money on something else like a game for his Playstation 2 or XBox .
 This toy had a lot of promise . My Kids and I love Spiderman ! This was to be an assembled toy for Christmas morning for my 9 yr and 4 yr old boys . I spent 2 hours Christmas eve taking the toy out of the box , assembling it and attempting to get spidey to travel from lamp post to lamp post . Even my Mechanical engineering degree did not help . I finally took one of the lamp post completly out of spidey 's path and made several adjustements to the plastic joints . Spidey began traveling all the way to the target on about 1 out of 10 attempts . Then , when he did hit the target most of the time the ledge or net would not fall and capute the bad guy . I did n't even attempt the landing on the car . I boxed it all up and will be returning it . This toy is headed back to the manufacturer !!
 My four year old son asked for this for christmas 2004 . This is all he ever said he wanted . We were so dissapointed to see his face when it would not work . After about 20 tries spiderman managed to make it half way down the lamposts . Toy makers pay attention !! Santa brings these toys . Would you want your child realizing the toy he asked santa for , and talked about for two months , does not work ? I gave five stars for the educational value because he learned a valuable lesson to not judge a toy by what you see on tv . I gave it two stars because it was not a total bust . He loves the little figures that came with it , and uses his imagination when he plays with it . But for forty bucks it should do what it says it will do .
 Nothing else to say , it has all been said . Do not waste your money !
 We received this for Christmas and was very disappointed with this item . After putting it together , the platform that is supposed to drop down when a button is pushed would not latch to hold the figure in the first place . The net that is supposed to fall would n't latch either . We could only get Spiderman to go around swinging one whole time without him falling off midway . This is a very disappointing toy and I would not advise parents to get it for their Spiderman loving kids .
 We got this for my then 4 year old last Christmas who likes Spider-man . He tried playing with it one or two times and quickly lost interest . It takes up a lot of room , and is definitely not worth the money .
 I bought the little tikes adjustable mountain climber for my 2 year old . It is advertised for 2-8 year olds . Unfortunately , one side has a gigantic hole -LRB- due to lack of effective railing -RRB- , and my child has lost her balance and almost broke her neck a few times by rolling off that side -LRB- fortunately , I raced to the side with the hole and rescued her in time -RRB- . Since there are 4 sides , you really need at least 2 adults to watch the child so you can help the child climb up AND watch the dangerous side once they get up onto the platform . I would say a four year old is probably better on their feet to deal with the open platform with no effective railing side . However , the slide -LRB- even adjusted to the steepest angle -RRB- is not that steep , so a four year old would probably get bored . I even called Little Tikes to complain about this design defect -LRB- law suit waiting to happen ! -RRB- and the consumer relations supervisor -LRB- G. Hines -RRB- just agreed with me and said there was nothing he could do about it .
 Nice quality kit , but we never got any living triops . I am a school teacher and we tried three separate times to &#34; hatch &#34; our little eggs and it simply never worked . It appeared that we had all of the elements in place correctly . My little students were very disappointed .
 I purchased this pack of triops originally because it states that it comes with food AND nutrients . Nutrients being the little teabag of dead leaves that contains microscopic organisms for baby triops to feed on.It did not come with it . Dunno if I just got a bunk pack or what , but , it did n't have it.I 've raised triops MANY times in the past , and have always had one of those litle detritus bags with the kit . These kits * WILL NOT * work without that pack.You may have luck with using a carrot shaving as instructed by this kit , but honestly , it 's hit or miss due to whether or not that carrot came in contact with something not so nice for triops.If you 're going to buy triops , go to ebay . You can get everything you need there for about 5 $ cheaper .
 I have bought 2 seperate kits and this one lasted longer but still died after a week ... Followed directions exactly as stated !
 it took hours to set up and nothing hatched it was not worth the money I would not tell anyone to buy this
 This item was horrible . I followed directions and it appeared that the triops were moving around at first , after a day or two they all died . Maybe I received a bad batch of eggs ? My children were disappointed and I would like a refund.Sincerely , Amazon ShopperKarla SmithThis item would be difficult to send back and we threw away the box : -LRB-
 My son was looking forward to growing his tripos but had no success . He tried twice and used the spring water recommended . It was so sad to watch disappointment on his face on his daily checks . We had success with another brand so we do n't think it 's our user 's error -LRB- unfortunately it was 5 years ago and we ca n't remember which one we bought . -RRB- Hopefully you will have success like some of the other reviewers .
 I bought this triops kit with a seamonkeys kit , and I have to say I enjoyed the seamonkeys more . Triops are much harder to raise and everything has to be perfect for them to hatch . However , seamonkeys are incredibly easy to raise and require less effort . I 'm not going to bash on the triops because I never got them to hatch so I do n't know how fun they are . However , I would like to say that triops and little kids wo n't be a good combination because they require a lot of work to hatch and raise.Also , I 'm not too sure about the directions provided with this kit to raise triops because I found conflicting directions online which I heard yields better results . Overrall , this kit did n't work for me and I followed the directions exactly as they were in the kit therefore I 'm not too happy with my purchase . I would recommend anyone who decides to buy this to find and follow directions that are online and ignore the ones that are in the kit .
 I followed the directions and suggestions to the `` T '' and my eggs never hatched . There 's enough eggs for 3 times and not one egg hatched . Very disappointed with this purchase .
 My five year old son was really excited to get his Triops hatched , of course Amazon did a great job shipping the item , but after keeping to strict instructions -LRB- which included going to the store and having to purchase -LRB- Mountain stream water -RRB- and -LRB- a carrot -RRB- both are indicated in the instructions . -LRB- oh also you have to have a lamp over them for up to 24 hours a day , ... so make sure you have a goose neck lamp ... and then finally NOTHING , they never hatched , what a dud ! When we waited way past the time period of hatching we decided to put it away , my son said `` I hate Triops ''
 I ordered two of these kits for my friends kods . I followed ALL directions on box exactly -LRB- I also had these when I was a kid -RRB- and not one egg hatched . I contacted seller and they never responded to my emails . I just asked if they could send new eggs or tell me who I can talk to for egg replacment . Now Im stuck with a container without neat Triops , and only good for a Betta fish . I do not recomend buying from these guys because their shipments must be all duds . Waste of $ 40 ...
 Triops ` science ' experiment . After searching high and low for the correct water to buy - finally found it . . then purchased the heating lamp so the water would stay warm enough . . started to project and nothing happened . .
 I have raised triops for a while now , i know all the methods , tricks , tips any everything else . Ive never had a problem raising T. Longicaudatus , which are the species included within this kit , but for some reason , this producers triops kit is absolutley horrible.For starters , You pay 15 bucks for a little plastic tub you can get at a petstore for $ 3 , a lame magnifying glass that bearly magnifies anything , a stick-on thermometer which is extremely inaccurate , and a detritus packet -LRB- twigs in a teabag -RRB- . You get a total of 15-30 eggs , but you can buy hundreds for a couple bucks on ebay . This item should be priced at $ 6-7 maximum.Now that we have that over with , lets get on with the eggs themselves , you get 15-30 like i said before , yet not even half of those will hatch . After prepping my plastic tub with the `` detritus pack '' and treating with proper water , I put them into my own hatchery -LRB- which has been very succssful in the past -RRB- and waited ... and waited ... . and waited ... within the span of an entire WEEK , with water changes in between , the eggs ceased to hatch , some even denatured and dissinigrated into nothing.So , like a smart person would do , I took the other half of my eggs that I kept in case something like this would happen , and re-started the process.another week passed by without hatching . This is very peculiar , since longicaudatus usually hatch within 24-40 hours after being introduced to water . The conditions for their hatching were absolutley ideal , since I am experienced with rearing triops . Therefore , I ran out of eggs and contacted the producers of this product . I explained my situation and they agreed to send me another pack of eggs within a week ... 5 weeks later , I have still not recieved the package . I contacted them again asking why they failed to send my eggs , a week later I got a response from some smartaleck saying that the reason they did not hatch was that I `` didnt do it right '' -LRB- those are his own words -RRB- . I asked them to send me another packet anyways , and he refused EVEN when I said I would pay the purchase fee of $ 2 . OVERALL , do NOT buy this product for many reasons
 This is the biggest waste of money and such a horrible disappointment to my 9 year old son . He has tried to hatch eggs twice now and still NOTHING ! Apparently if you are not EXACTLY precise in every single movement and step it just does n't work . Had I known this I never would have purchased it for him for a Christmas present as he is crushed that he does n't have `` Triassic Triops '' now .
 We recieved this toy for christmas for our 11/2 year old . She likes it but it is so LOUD that I usually turn it off as soon as she walks away and then put it in the toy box . No volume switch . Mind you toys do n't usually bother me . she has lots of things that play music . But I do n't like this one very much . several months later I had a thought and I put tape over the speaker and now it is much better .
 My 15-month old daughter likes playing with this toy , but this toy is incredibly loud . I finally had to put a piece of tape over the speaker keep it from completely driving me crazy . There is also only a few songs it plays , unlike other musical toys , so they get very annoying after awhile . I would recommend purchasing another musical toy instead .
 The toy is not durable . My granddaughter -LRB- not 3 mo old yet -RRB- & I played with it . During that time the middle bear broke off it 's base . The plastic broke and a piece chipped off also . It will not glue back on . I think it was of poor quality and it could be a hazard with the 12 mo old child . It needs to be made stronger to keep up with the Care Bear name.Thank You .
 My daughter got this when she was 23 months old . I think she was too old for it by then - She would occasionally push the buttons to hear a song play , but that 's about it . We have other toy pianos , but she never liked this one . -LRB- By the way , there are 8 keys , but it only plays 4 different songs . -RRB- I agree with the other reviewers about the noise ; it is way too loud . We put a piece of packing tape over the speaker , which brought the music volume down to a much better level .
 My 17mo . old daughter really liked this toy at the store so we got it for her . As soon as we took the little strip out of the back , it was so LOUD !! I can not stand having this toy in my home . While my 17mo . old and 2yr . old girls do seem to like this toy -LRB- for a little while -RRB- , I am going to put it with our other yard sell items . It is cute , but way too loud - gives you a head ache !!
 Within 3 days of purchase my 12 month daughter was able to pull of one of the bears very easily , which exposed a sharp metal screw .
 I have three children and have had a lot of musical toys - this by far is the loudest . There is no volume switch , so the toy stays off most of the time . I want to give it away , but do not want to torture any of my family or friends .
 My daughter received this for her 1 year birthday . I enjoy playing with it more than she does . It plays music when you hit the keys and the Care Bears dance . That 's all it does ! The major thing I do n't like is that it is loud . This one does not have a volume switch just an on/off switch . Needless to say the switch is usually in the off position except for when I want to play with it .
 I purchased this slide for my niece who turned 2 years old last month . I was really impressed at how quickly it arrived at her home however , once we open the slide to put it together there were scratches all over it and it was really dusty . It was almost like someone else had used it , did n't like it , and returned it . We washed it down however , that did n't help the fact that it was damaged .
 This toy is cute and well priced ... but it is not for children under 2 !!! We purchased the slide today at toys-r-us . On the sticker is says 11/2 to 4 years old . My daughter is 18 months and within the first 10 mins she fell off the top of the slide ! There is NO room for her to sit down . She has played on other small slides at friends homes with no problems , this slide is to steep and needs some major improvements !!
 There are three issues with this product . 1 -RRB- The brace that keeps the slide in an open position is just about impossible to connect . I was afraid I was going to break it trying to get it in place . 2 -RRB- The slide comes with no packing materials , so it slides around and gets very scuffed . 3 -RRB- The box mentioned instructions included -- both slides I received had no instructions.I will give Amazon 5 stars for their ease of replacing and returning products , though . It was a breeze.I purchased the Step 2 jr slide from Toys R Us and , while you need to be a mechanical engineer to put it together , it is of a much better quality .
 I was so excited to bring home a slide for my rather tall , very active 13 month old . She loves the slides at the park , and the one in our yard , but I wanted something small & foldable for rainy/snowy days . First , I was disappointed when a similar slide went on sale the day after for half the price -- but that 's just a suggestion to watch your prices before you buy ! My daughter * does * mostly enjoy the slide , however , she can not climb the stairs because they are far too steep . You really need the ability to pull your foot up AND back simultaneous because the stairs are pretty much a straight ladder . Second , even though our play room is covered in 3/4 '' rubbery-foamy matting , the landing off the slide is too hard . She always looks rather put off when she lands . And though we do n't mind a little thrill , this is too much of a steep , short drop . We 've wedged the end of our spare-sleeper foam mattress under one end to ease both slope and landing , but it means she can not go on it by herself at all . There 's also a bracing bar underneath the slide to lock it open , but it actually sits even more narrow when the bar is in place , so for it to be useable , you have to slide the bar into the storage position . I would n't recommend the slide , choose another that is more logically made .
 Bought this for my 17 month old -- so the problem is that there 's not really a platform at the top . She goes right up the steps , then ca n't seem to get her foot hoisted over onto the slide part . i.e. there needs to be a flat part at the top that she is able to stand on , then sit , then slide . She 's now 20 months and can finally sort of maneuver it ... but it 's not that fun and she does n't use it that much . My 3 year old can do it fine ... but it 's too `` baby '' for him , to use his words . It is durable and folds well , so those things are true .
 WE ARE GRANDPARENTS AND PURCHASED THIS SLIDE FOR OUR GRANDSON . HE IS 28 MONTHS AND ONLY WENT ON ONCE AND TOPPLED HEAD FIRST ONTO THE GROUND GOING DOWN THE SLIDE . THE ANGLE IS TOO SHARP . NEEDLESS TO SAY TWO OTHER CHILDREN HAVE TRIED THIS AND THE SAME THING HAPPENED . THIS IS NOT THEIR FAVORITE TOY AND COLLECTS DUST . DO N'T WASTE $ 50.00 ON THIS .
 I have seen so many toddlers LOVE this slide . In fact my own grandchild is thrilled with the gift I gave him . However , I really consider it very dangerous . First of all the steps are too close together to practice stair climbing . Secondly it is very difficult to maneuver over the top of the slide . Thirdly the bottom of the slide has a platform that when the child gets to the end , he is dumped off to the floor on his tailbone . Two adults need to supervise this toy . One needs to be stationed at the top and the other at the bottom . It is a great ramp for toy cars and trucks , but not for my precious little one . I am sorry I bought this . In fact , I was talking to someone else about the Little Tike Slide who described a child falling backwards off the slide and having a head injury . Take this one off the market . Endless adventures are possible if one enjoys going to the emergency room . The construction is poor . The only good feature is that it folds up so a grandmother can hide it when she goes home .
 We wanted a small slide we could keep in the house for winter because my daughter loves climbing and sliding . We thought this would be great . It was out of the box about 10 minutes before I decided to send it back . There is a thing underneath that connects the slide part to the steps to stabilize it that I could n't get to latch at all . It would n't spread out far enough to get it latched . I tried letting my daughter play on it without it , but , like other reviewers found , it is too steep and the stairs are right on top of eachother instead of graduated . My daughter -LRB- who is a very adept climber and slider -RRB- could n't climb the steps without a great deal of assistance and once she got to the top , I had to pick her up and set her down on the top because she could n't get seated to slide down . After two tries , she got very very frustrated and threw a fit . She normally can do jungle gyms at play grounds on her own , climbing steps and sliding down slides with no problems , so I figure this should n't be so difficult for her . If your child is younger than 3 , I would say this would be too hard for them to handle even though the age on the box is 1 and 1/2 . Back to the drawing board . It would be nice to have something inside for her to climb because it 's going to be a long winter !
 My son is big for his age , I admit that , but he 's not so big that he 's outgrown this slide , which is recommended for 11/2 to 4 years of age . When we bought this , it was poorly assembled and it would n't even stand up straight because it wobbled horribly ! I 'm not abouttttt to let my son climb on something that 's just going to topple over on top of him . Also , there is no room at the top for him to sit before sliding down the mountain of a slide , not to mention NOTHING to hold on to for support on his downhill race . I would n't recommend this to anyone -- buyers beware !!!
 I was so excited about getting a slide for my twin girls . I knew it would mean constant guidance at 15 months , but figured I 'd start with the smallest , simplest , and least dangerous . HA HA ! Wrong ! This is very small , but too small for even this age , since they sit and their feet are almost half way down it to start . There is no platform to sit on at the top , and there is n't a railing on the slide itself to hang onto . It is so short and steep it is like a freefall and slam straight into the ground . The steps are vertical and impossible for wee ones to climb . I 'm a tomboy and do n't mind some thrill , but this is just poorly designed I 'm going to try the Hide and Slide instead . Looks a little more gradual , like there is a railing , and claims it is meant for little ones with the multiplatforms .
 The slide is WAY too steep , and there are no sides-child can fall off very easily . The worst thing , however , is that there is no place at the top of the slide for the child to get himself in a sitting position to go down slide . This is a very poorly designed product .
 This slide was puchased for a 15 month old . My complaint with this slide is that it is virtually impossible for a small child to walk up and slide down this slide . An adult has to put them on the top of the slide and slide them down . This is due to the fact that the bottom step is located directly below the next step up . If you notice , all correctly engineered slides have graduated steps . The only step a child sees on this slide when walking up or trying to walk back down the steps is the top step , the bottom step is virtually invisible being completely underneath the top step -LRB- there are only two steps -RRB- . So the child tries to lift their leg onto a step which is too high . Then the top side rails are very low and the slide is pitch waaaaay too steeply . Horrible engineering . And a cautionary note
 This slide is poorly designed . Instead of a scoop where it 's steep up top , and flat at the bottom , it 's like falling off the top of a circle , where you go faster and faster until - wham - your bottom hits the ground . After my two year old got several `` boo-boos '' on her bum from slamming into the ground , we tossed it out and ordered something else . Do yourself and your kid a favor
 $ 12.75 for this tiny little hunk of stuffing !? The feet are 2 different sizes , one ear is almost square , and the arms are sewn on in different directions . What a waste of money !
 We ordered this slide for our son for Christmas . We put it together Christmas eve and found the slide was missing several pieces and scuffed up like it had been used . Thank goodness he is only 2 and didnt realize Santa brought him a busted slide ... We were so upset we decided to return it and look elsewhere . We ended up getting one that is still little tikes but is exclusively sold at Target .
 Absolutely the worst toy to assemble that I have ever encountered . As with other purchasers of this awful awful slide , getting the tube through and the caps to stick on was nearly impossible . I did succeed , but only after significant contortions and more than a few curse words . I 've never cursed over putting together a toy . Never . Even the bike from China with the poorly translated instructions were easier than this.Little Tikes , here 's a few suggestions :1 . Do n't ask the customer to hammer the end of a pliable plastic tube in order to jam it into a cap and then expect the tube to remain straight enough to thread through six holes .2 . Spend the $ 0.50 and provide the stupid wooden block .3 . Change the order of assembly so that first thread the tube of frustration , then cap it on both sides , then attach the stairs . Trust me , it would have been easier that way .
 I agree with all who complaint about the assembly . It is one of the worst product to assemble . Little tikes should add a metal rod and some other type to lock the bolt.One other problem is that it throws off the the baby if the clothing is slippery.And also , is very narrow and does not provide enough spae for the child to position properly before sliding down .
 I agree with the previous review , my child used this slide at a toddlers group and first time down fell face first as his feet caught on the bottom of the slide , it needs a smoother landing . As far as giving it 5 stars for educational value ... it 's an education on how to land face first , he now puts his hands out to save himself , that 's all he learned :o-LRB- Having used this at toddlers I will not be adding it to my yard toys .
 I wish we had n't bought this slide because it is really unsafe . The problem is that the slide is fast and ends abruptly at the floor , without any kind of safety lip or drop . A child sliding down this slide will go down really fast , then jam his feet into the floor and catapult forward . Most slides end 6-12 inches from the floor . Now we know why !
 I just got this slide and my kids were going nuts waiting for me to assemble it . This plastic tube just does not easily hammer into the red caps . I tried heating the caps up to expand their diameter , tried sanding down the black platic tubing . All to no avail . An hour later , the slide is half assembled.I 'd have paid an extra 5 bucks to have this thing pre-assembled . Terrible .
 I purchased this slide for my two year old son . My husband had a terrible time trying to assemble it , only to find out in end that the supporting arm does not stay in the slot . This slide is very unsafe without a locking supporting arm , and it pops out every time our son tried to use it . We have to stand there and hold it down so that the slide does n't just fall flat while he is on it . Also , our son is tiny for his age and barely fits on this slide because of how narrow it is ! Terrible slide !!
 Had to return this slide . When it was opened , parts were missing and the slide appeared to have been used . This was a Christmas gift for our 22 month old grandson .
 I just got this Little tikes slide last night and I am so mad of it already . My daughter is 2 years old and love the slides in the park which is even higher than this slide . So I decided to buy something that she can play around in the apartment knowing that winter is coming and she wo n't be able to play in the park.We have a playground area in our aparmtent and it has a stable cushion and child safe area . My husband install this slide and put it in the `` playground '' . My daughther tried it several times then she was smack on the floor with her lips bleeding and swelling . Remember there is a cushion . But the slide throw her hard that even with the cushion , she got hurt . I hate this slide . Nobody should invent something or sell something like this.Of course I called Amazon ! They will refund everything and even pick up the item here for return . But they or little tikes company can not fix the damage they did to my daughter .
 I did n't have the problem with the rod like everyone else , that 's because we did n't even get the part in the package ! It was missing ! So , my father installed a small copper pipe and it works great . He hammered the caps on and that thing is never comin ' out . I would n't recommend this same slide to anyone - not even my worst enemy .
 This slide is a peice of junk . I spent over an hour on Christmas eve trying to assemble this slide . Just like the other reviews the plastic tube that connects the slide to the stairs is horrible . It bends so we have n't been able to get the end caps on it . The wholes do n't line up so my husband had to hammer it through to connect the 2 pieces . My daughter desperately wants to use it but I think we are going to return it considerign we ca n't get the end caps on . Plus it just does n't seem like it will last . Garbage for a Little Tykes toy !
 This slide was not at all up to Little Tikes standards ... It was very difficult to assemble . The hollow tube used to keep the slide attached to the stand was the worst . The end caps were difficult to attach to the tube , the tube bent under the pressure of trying to attach the end caps and guiding the tube through the stand and the slide was extremely difficult because the tube was bent . In addition , the cross bar that holds the slide to the stand never stayed hooked . After several attempts , I got the slide together . Within minutes the end caps fell off of the tube and the crossbar unhooked . We repacked the side and returned it .
 I have to agree with the other reviewer on the assemble of this slide . Putting the red caps on the end of the plastic pipe is impossible . The pipe bends and becomes so deformed that the end caps are impossible to put on . We had to shave the ends of the pipe down to get the caps on and then the pipe was so deformed that we could n't get it thru the holes on the slide . This is a piece of JUNK ! Save your money !
 I am not happy half the slide was missing !! now i have a big piece of crap sitting in my basement !! will never buy from these people again !!!! i am not happy with the way this was sent ! box was totally sealed and missing every screw and the bar under the slide and stairs !!! I HATE THIS SELLER !!! this is crap !!!
 My kit came with a metal bar that seems too short . When attaching the stairs to the slide you are to push a metal bar between the two and attach two locking caps . Well if it were only that easy . The bar is about 1 inch too short and it took three people to push the stair plastic inward in order to fit the last cap on the bar and hammer it on . There is so much pressure on the caps now I 'm afraid it will not stay capped forever , I can see the bar separating from the slide at some point in the future.This pales in comparison to the poor design of the slide . When fully assembled and the arm is locked in -LRB- under the slide -RRB- it nearly launches your child straight at the ground . Note that this is the only position the slide can go in so this is not a case of user error . The picture shown is being really generous with the angle of the slide . When my son slide down it the first time he hurt his ankle , they bucked and he rolled . After that he now almost stands up and the bottom and hops forward/runs forward . Why is the angle so intense ? Should n't their be a landing pad lip that comes up horizontally for the last 6-12 inches?I would not recommend this slide . I do n't even want to donate this because it is not safe . It is not worth the time or money .
 Bought this slide for our toddler to use indoors and I wish we had n't . Two reasons - the transition from the steps to the slide is precarious at best - I 'd recommend only buying slides with a platform at the top for youngsters to make the transition from climbing up to sliding down - our toddler almost fell off a few times and we had to be there with him to make sure he did n't go skydiving onto the floor.And second , as others have pointed out , the slide is ffairly steep and fast and ends abruptly at the floor , without any kind of safety lip or flattening out . A child sliding down this slide will go down really fast , then jam his feet into the floor and catapult forward . Ouch!And assembly was , as everyone else has pointed out , painful . There are far better slides for toddlers and young children on the market . Buy them and not this unsafe piece of junk .
 I wish my wife had found these reviews before buying this item . Our experience mirrored precisely what others have complained of here . The plastic tube that is meant to join the ladder and the slide portion , serving as the top hinge , does not easily tap into the caps that are meant to secure it in place at the ends . Instead , the plastic tube splinters and shears at the end that makes contact with the first cap ; it then flattens as you hammer it to increase the diameter further at the other end -LRB- making it less likely that the second cap will ever seat -RRB- . It 's nice to know that Little Tikes has n't responded to customer complaints about this and that they continue to marked the same ill-fabricated junk . They should 've done right by the consumer and used a metal connecting rod .
 I bought this with lots of expectations that my 2 year old son would love this and he can play on it alone all the time , as he does it in his daycare in the slide . But alas , I 'm disappointed . The assembly was really horrible . . I 'd a little hope that but for the assembly it would be a great toy for my son . But then , the width of the slide is too narrow that a slightly healthier child cant rest their full back on the slide . While sliding down , they dont land safely . My son is actually thrown a feet ahead in the front with his face down , as he is thin and my friend 's daughter gets her back of her head hit at the base of the slide , as she is chubby and not thrown away . For either kids , its not safe . And my son is terrified to play alone on this . He needs our help . Not a great toy !
 I got his slide thinking it would be easy ... wow was I wrong . It took me 4 hours and a trip to Home Depot to by a drill . My slide did n't have holes drilled where the support attachment goes , so I had to drill my own holes , which turned into a nightmare . I can not for the life of me get the caps on , but the slide works without them so far . I will have to work on them some more though . I still do n't know if it is together properly because the base is leaning forward , however that is the only way I could get the support arm to attach . I would have promptly returned this , but I live pver an hour from Toys R Us ... I made the mistake of not reading reviews before purchasing . For the price I pai -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- it should not have taken 4 hours to put together plus additional expenses for a drill . The instructions need written directions too and just not pictures .
 Ok , I first bought this `` town '' playhouse . I was not happy with what I recieved for the amount of money I spent . There are no tables ! ONLY a corner shelf type table -LRB- worthless -RRB- . For the money there are no sounds , the inside is non-colorful , pointless , it is very dark inside , no chairs came with it , and no shelves . I was not happy!SO I exchanged this for the `` Naturally Playful Cottage '' . ON the website there is only a 30.00 dollar differance , in the store it cost 349.99 . I did n't care . If I 'm going to spend that much money I 'm going to get something I want.The Naturally Playful Cottage is so much better ! You get two tables !!! 1 table outside with 2 bench seats , and the inside table you can put two folding chairs in it . My son puts his microwave on the inside table , and sits on the oustide table , gives him more room . . This playhouse has lots of shelves !!! The fireplace has 1 long shelf ... The other house did n't have any ! This playhouse has a sink , stove , sounding doorbell that does n't take batteries and a phone with sounds !!! the roof is made to be taller , that lets air and light into it , much better ! This is much cuter overall , and the inside is like 5 star comparied to the `` town '' playhouse , which has nothing ... I get in here and play with my son , plenty of room !!! I 'm not lying , you must buy this Naturally Playful Cottage , I hope this was helpful , to save other parents from making the mistake I made and buying , setting up and breaking down and returning / exchanging for something worth the money !!!
 We bought this for our granddaughter 's 2nd birthday 03/16/07 and had the item delivered to our house a month ahead of time . We took the items to their house to assemble it.We founds missing parts and 2 side pieces were the same , when they should have been `` a '' and `` D '' . WE got 2 `` D '' pieces . Part `` Q '' was also missing .
 This came with No instructions , they dropped the price $ 50.00 the day after I ordered . Did not have the Stickers or the Basketball Net . And now I have no way of getting ahold of someone to correct the issues.They Should Rot for this .
 This appears to be a really fun outdoor toy , and it does have a lot of play value . However , it is not overly durable if you use it as an outdoor toy . The stickers that come with the playhouse quickly peeled off within a few months of play . This was disappointing , because they really added to the decor of the playhouse . The plastic shutters ended up cracking and one shutter fell off ... plus the color of the shutters turned very yellow and foggy over time . The basketball netting also did not last and frayed very quickly . My children -LRB- 3 & 5 -RRB- loved the store side of the house , and would hand out food to mom and dad all day long . They also enjoyed using the gasoline pump to fuel their bicycles and john deere tractors . The creativity of the toy is fun , but I would recommend keeping this indoors to maintain the appearance of the playhouse . I would also forego using the stickers if you are going to put the playhouse outside .
 I was so disappointed in this cradle after we got it together . Yes , it was easy to put together , but it was an opened package when we got it and was already missing 2 screws . It was so much smaller than I had thought it would be ... the smaller dolls fit , but the 18 '' dolls do not fit well at all . The rocking motion is very , very limited .
 I bought this doll cradle for my 20 month old granddaughter . The picture and description portrayed the cradle as having the capability to put the doll in the cradle part and the child in the seat part . My granddaughter is petite at 22 lbs and she could not fit into the seat section . We were both diapointed . I would not buy this product again .
 This is a very cute and realistic set . The measurements are all accurate . The whisk is very DANGEROUS though . It is metal . One of the `` things '' came out of the handle and stuck out like a weapon . One of the kids could have been severely injured had I not found it and thrown it away . If you buy this item , make sure get rid of the whisk !!
 I gave this toy to my daughter , who loved it . The only problem was the nose . She played with it and the soft nose came right off of the hard plastic back that is attached to the toy . It is probably 1/2 inch in diameter with a cotton filling , which could pose a possible choking hazard to younger children .
 Broke within 1/2 hour & my son is 13 & was using it correctly . Basically , it 's just a piece of junk you can buy at the dollar store for a dollar . Do n't waste your time & money .
 When I saw this blade in stores I thought `` Oh , wow . It looks awesome . '' I would now like to say that I was sadly mistaken . This is just as good of a beyblade as Michael Jordan is a baseball player -LRB- which means -LSB- bad -RSB- -RRB- . All it does is switch to attack mode and throw itself into a penalty pocket or switch to endurance mode and falls over . This blade is a waste of time and money .
 All I have 2 say is THIS BEYBLADE SUCKS !!!! IT COMES APART TO MUCH !! I Do n't have it but my brother does and it SUCKS !!!! Thank you .
 I have followed everything in the instruction sheet , after 4 test flights this thing does not take off at all , it spins and spins and then if falls on its side.A TOTAL DISSAPPOINTMENT!may be defective but who knows , I recharged it for 14 hours ... nothing ! change batteries , nothing!do not buy!if you hate things that are not consistent .
 I 'm sorry , just do not buy this toy . Maybe ours was a dud , but it usually got about 3 ft. off the ground . At the most . If you threw it .
 We were very disappointed with this toy . XFO never made it past 3 feet , if it made it off the ground at all !
 Oh man . What a disaster . I bought this item for my sons Christmas . It is now the day after Christmas -LRB- had to wait 16 hours to charge unit -RRB- and I had a child trying to get this toy to take flight . NOTHING . I went on the Tyco site to seek advice as stated by the instructions ! GO LOOK AT THE SITE ! tyco.com . It has nothing to do with the toys . I could not even find the info about trouble shooting as it said . I am sure by the other reviews you see that some of them work . Sadly , are you willing to take the chance yours will be one of the many that wo n't . Very disappointed .
 this rocket broke the first time it went up ... the wing is taped now after one try . . i payed 59.99 for it in the store and its only 29.99 on line WHY IS THIS ... A RIP OFFNOT WORTH BUYING
 this toy was very disapointing . although the instructions say it is difficult to learn to orperate it does n't make up for the fact that it broke on the first day of use because it is not strong enough to handle the landing when learning to use it .
 VERY disapointed ! Maybe ours is defective , but so far it has n't gotten more than 2 feet off the ground ! For the money , it 's not worth it !
 I brought this toy for my 12 year old son . We flew it for the first time today . It crashed and the wing broke . At just over 5ft , I expected more from something that was supposed to be a `` rocket '' . to be honest I would not recommend this toy to anyone . It is not durable at all and if from that height it can fall and lose a wing ... I would suggest that it is not really a `` rocket '' . Forget this toy ... go to a hobby shop and get something real . The description of the product is very misleading .
 the product does n't work as advertised , foam construction is not a good use of building material for a `` childs '' toy ... it does n't hold up to their playing , you would be lucky to have the XFO fly more than a foot off the ground , there are no directional controls except for up and and down so it may decide to propel at any direction , for the $ 60 I paid for this before x-mas I would say I was ripped off as well as my child of 9yrs of age
 this toy broke the first time my grandson tried to use it . A BIG disappointment for Christmas .
 What a huge waste of money . I paid $ $ $ on this very site not but a month ago , now it is $ $ . Got it home , followed the instructions and the silly thing will not get but about a foot off the ground if that , and then it just falls over and beats itself into the ground . Do n't waste your cash on this , give your kid a fifty dollar bill and let them light it on fire , they 'll have for fun .
 Prompt refund received . Replacement was not offered , only refund upon receipt of returned item . Wish the product had worked , but I am not unhappy with the outcome of this transaction .
 This broke within a week or two of receiving the product - it was used a few times with playdough and was not handled roughly . I returned it and decided against getting a replacement . Maybe I received a lemon ? It seemed to be great quality ...
 roller was broken along wood grain when arrived . the bad thing is that im possitive that it was like this when it was shipped and it was sent anyhow . if you know you have a defective product you should not sell it ! not worth the hastle to return a 5 doller item . I will probably fix myself by painting with polyurethane since it is bare wood .
 Amazon picture shows two rolling pins , leading us to believe that two would be in our order . Not the case . Deceptive .
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old daughter for playing with playdough . I was disappointed when I got it because the wooden roller part had a dent or two that could give splinters . Also the playdough stuck to the wood . I guess this mini rolling pin would be good for other purposes .
 I bought 12 rolling pins for my Sabbath School class and one handle broke the first time it was used . The others held up , though , so it was n't a total disaster . However , I would recommend finding sturdier rolling pins .
 HI , MY DAUGHTER GOT THIS BEAR AS A GIFT . sHE IS 5 MONTHS OLD AND IT IS HER ABSOLUTE FAVORITE TOY . WHEN SHE SEES THIS BEAR HER FACE LIGHTS UP . WELL I HAD HER PLAYING WITH THIS TOY AND I SHE HAD RIPPED THE HAIR , THE LITTLE CURL COMPLETELY OFF THE DOLL . SHE HAD THAT IN HER MOUTH AND THE DOLL IN HER HAND !! PLEASE BE CARFUL , ITS A GOOD THING I WAS RIGHT THERE WITH HER OR SHE COULD OF CHOKED !! I DID PUT A PHONE CALL INTO THE MANUFACTURER , AGAIN PLEASE BE CARFUL : o -RRB-
 I bought this microscope with so much enthusiasm , hoping to see common things like hair , leaf , flower , blood drop , etc through it . But this microscope is a huge disappointment.It has three magnification levels which you select by rotating the eye piece . All three of them are horrible in quality . Even in the lowest magnification setting its too hard to bring the object to focus . Even after an hour of patience and trial and errors , I could still not focus it on anything . The medium and higher magnification levels are not even to be tried as they are horribly poor.The built in light and project system is a joke . Its of absolutely no use as it does not work even a tiny bit.Do yourself a favor and never buy this piece
 This microscope is just one step above a toy microscope , in my opinion . Granted , my husband and I are used to lab quality microscopes -LRB- and we knew for the price it would n't be lab quality ! -RRB- However , we were disappointed . We purchased it for our daughter and it did n't quite live up to our expections . It is n't a sturdy/solid microscope , and you ca n't see very clearly or in great detail . I would say just `` okay '' for a young , budding scientist .
 If you want to turn your kids off of science at a young age this is perfect for you . Focusing actually moves the entire unit and it is frustrating trying to get any semblance of focus . When you do get it focused , you can only ask yourself `` Is this it ? '' . It 's like looking through several layers of saran wrap at something even when focused . I had no luck using the projector to see if it improved any . The whole product just feels cheap and flimsy , even for the price .
 This microscope is poorly constructed . I purchased it for my daughter to use for a school project . Each of the lens were of poor quality , making it almost impossible to focus . The biggest problem was the microscope came without instructions of any kind , not even a note informing the consumer that there is a hidden compartment underneath the base for a battery . I would not recommend this product not even for a elementary school project .
 I bought this item to project larger pictures of coins to detirmine if there were defects not visible to the naked eye . I can view a coin fine through the eye piece by adding light to the surface . I can not project anything or see anything in the projector hood . I do n't know if mine is just defective or what , but , there appears to be no available web site to ask questions . Maybe it can be returned but if you are looking for this feature in a cheap plastic microscope I would pass this one up .
 This scopes is not up to standard at all . If you are looking for a toy , there are much cheaper option . If you are hoping to kindle your kids ' interest in science with this scope , forget it !! The optical quality is very poor . Also , you can only get a some what clear image from the projector if you hold the paper within 2 inches from the projector . My son and I wasted a whole month waiting for this scope to arrive , and we have decided to return it after using it for less than an hour .
 This product is nowhere close to a professional Microscope though it is ok for the price at which it is available . The lenses are decent quality and it seems sturdy enough to be used by a child .
 I purchased this for the magnification power alone . no other set for less than a hundred dollars will get close to 1200x mag . all the gripes about it are true , it is cheap , and it does move around as you try and focus , but you can focus it , and the instructions were hidden in the bottom of the box . I almost missed them too.the accessories are a joke , the light is very orange , the projector hood is useless , but it has the power we were looking for , so overall , I got exactly what I excpected . if you want `` perfect '' look somewhere else , If you want affordable power , you might consider this one .
 This was a very good price for a microscope , but a high price for what you get . Poor , flimsy construction and a warped lens !
 The package is very nice - however , the little bulb on the microscope was not working . The back up worked for a few hours and then did not function any more .
 This is not the best Microscope I have seen and really it is just a toy.The included projector is innovative , but useless & the quality of the images is not that great.If you are looking for a nice Microscope for your kids -LRB- like mine who is intrigued by such items -RRB- spend more money on something decent .
 if ur looking for a toy microscope this is a good one otherwise its nothing but a toy
 Poor product , fuzzy , blurry optics , Amazon had this item listed for $ 49 new but when other vendors advertize this item , the price goes up to $ 119 . Do n't waste your money , go to another brand , anything but this particular product .
 The company viewed this microscope as a stocked item . I purchased and received confirmation that it was being shipped . 2 days before Christmas I receive an E-mail that they are sorry but the item will not be shipped until after Christmas . Thanks I would have looked somewhere else . My child will be so excited looking for her gift under the Christmas tree ...
 This super ball was purchased a week before xmas as a gift because of its cool eyeball design . Unfortunately , it arrived a few days before the event with a split across the iris and pupil . It was too late to return it , so it was given as a flawed gift to a little girl who loves eyeballs . I probably could have given it a better review , had the product not arrived already damaged .
 The fabric is VERY thin , and the plastic pieces that are included for putting the wheels on snapped as my husband was putting it together , so he had to rig it up . Cute , but I bet it wo n't last long .
 I love this little stroller , I play with it sometimes.It is working very perfectly.I LOVE this stroller .
 I love this little stroller , I play with it sometimes.It is working very perfectly.I LOVE this stroller .
 I ordered this globe a month ago for the heavily discounted price of $ 143 including shipping and tax . I see now where the current discounted price has increased to nearly $ 400 . Amazon took my order when the item was out of stock and the latest from amazon is , `` shipping will not take place until after Christmas '' ... . I suspect the price I paid is the primary problem with the availability of this globe . I 'm just waiting for Amazon or the manufacturer to quietly cancel my order and hope I do n't complain . It would be nice to receive some kind of update on this item and be able to complete my purchase and receive my product .
 My kids played with this but not for long . Because these vehicles ca n't reverse or change speeds makes them rate pretty high on the `` get 's bored fast '' meter . The idea of the toy is good but it really needs some extra user interface built into it .
 This item is titled 10 '' Marble Chess set . It should be accurately titled as faux or painted marble-like . It seems like it is written to be misleading . I read the item description before purchasing and it does not mention what it is really made out of other than saying it is marble finish . If the marble finish was done well I would have still been satisfied . This is not the case , the darkly painted squares bleed into the lighter ones . The border edge paint is smeared or scratched . The item was also delivered 4 days later than their given estimation . I also found it odd that I did not get a written invoice or receipt with the item in the box , which has always occurred in all previous internet purchases . Unfortunately the other poor customer review was written 2 days after I ordered it or I would have gotten a different set .
 First off , this set is n't anything close to marble . It 's plastic -LRB- I should have known for the price -RRB- ... but not even good plastic -- it 's painted plastic . The paint is smeared in most places and it looks to be the quality of something a 10 year old might paint or something you find at the dollar store.I contacted the seller about returning the item with no response . Amazon had to file a claim in my behalf and I 'm still waiting for the refund so I can return the item .
 We bought our 2 year old son the huge Geotrax set for Christmas . It came with one remote control and train . I believe we spent over $ 50 . In January we bought him the fire engine train and remote control for his birthday . We also purchased various accessories for the set . By early March both trains and/or their remote controls stopped functioning . We ca n't seem to find additional remote controlled trains anywhere . We 've searched on-line , in stores , etc. and can not find the trains . Now , we are left with over $ 100 in geotrax items with no working trains . My son is upset , and I am upset . Please do n't waste your money on all this junk . The trains stop working only after about a month of use . I 'm deeply disappointed in Fisher Price .
 Although other reviewers have given it a solid 4.0 stars , I consider this guitar a waste of money . Sure it 's $ 99 -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- , but you will ultimately beg to have a more quality set up.My gripes :1 . After playing for awhile the 1/4 locknut washer for the output fell off . I re-attached , but now the darn thing does n't produce any more sound through the amp .2 . One needs to constantly tune the strings . If you just love spending a lot of time trying to tune rather than play , get this guitar.I read someone else 's review and mentioned the same locknut washer problem , yet they still gave this guitar a 4 star review . I beg to differ . Some people have lowered expectations I suppose.I 'm opting for the Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Collection Electric Guitar . It 's $ 69 more , but I 'd rather spend that difference now with quality pick-ups , headstock , and bridge ... rather than having to stare at a $ 99 mess now .
 Bought this for my son . Rust on the strings . Frets sticking out not filed down . Pickups not aligned and lopsided . Rattled -LRB- not buzzing -RRB- when playing the Low e . This is unacceptable .
 Very expensive for a Lego . Not worth it but my 11 yr old has no concept of $ and bought it himself
 I was not too happy with this seller because they sent me an email that my order was cancelled without any explanation . When I called their store the associate stated that they do not sell this on amazon but only through their own website . If you go to their website this dollhouse is not available ! I am surprised that they still have it listed on amazon and have not removed/updated it after my conversation a week or so ago .
 The boat wo n't even move in the water , goes pretty well on the hardwood floor though . George doubles as a squirt toy but good luck with that , made of pretty hard rubber and adults can barely get him to squirt . Seems to be durable , the only thing my daughter does with this toy is throw it in the tub every night -LRB- does n't play with it -RRB- , but it hits the bottom of the tub pretty hard and has n't broken yet . Do n't waste your money .
 This item is n't very well made but you ca n't really expect more for its price .
 This is the most difficult thing to put together . We had to go back to Toys R Us twice to return and get a new one , and then , let them put it together . They could only put it together on the third time/third different set . What a joke . Now my sons hardly play on it . Yippee!Forget it and get something different .
 this climber looks great but is nearly impossible to put together . it took two grown men to lock the mechanisms into place and yet the parts kept popping back out once engaged . i had to return this item and do not recommend this to anyone . little tykes needs to do better quality control on this one .
 This is the worst climb on ever made . It was a xmas gift for my kids needless to say it was not put up in the morning . We had 3 adults and it would not stay together each time a different spot would pop out . We took it back to toys r us and they had to use a huge mallet and bang on it to put in in the right spot . Well then the gardner came and the whole thing fell apart and that is how it is now . It is going back to toys r us tonight . This is the worst piece of junk , please dont waste your money . The kangaroo climber is awsome and didnt fall apart once ! Forget this one they need to take it off the market !
 I really thought this water gun was going to be a blast to use , but damn was I wrong . First off , filling the sucker up with the quick fill cap is USELESS ! Maybe I am doing something wrong , but I have tried every variation and have yet to be able to fill the tank all the way up.The next disappointing factor is that the pump goes on forever . Maybe I received a broken gun , but all of the older super soaker 's would develop resistance the more pressurized they are , this one does not . It is hard to tell when you have pumped it enough , and you pretty much will no when you fire it if you have pumped long enough which is just plain stupid.Also , when using the burst mode , mine has the tendency to fire one , maybe two , but never four shots in a row . After two bursts , pressure is gone and it 's time to start pumping again . Stream mode , well it is exactly that a stream that goes on forever . If you pump it enough , it seems like you could almost drain the entire tank in one continuous stream , but you probably wont get the person that wet.I would say , pick up an older CPS model off of Ebay before you buy this .
 I picked this up in the hopes of gaining an edge in office warfare . So admittedly I 'm not in the target demographic . Maybe if I was a kid my imagination would make up for the shortcomings of this toy.Anyhow , the Stink Blaster is huge and cool looking , and the stink cartridges definately have a bad smell . But that just does n't translate to an ability to `` blast '' a smell across the room , or even a cubicle . It will push a puff of air 6-8 feet , but the most common reaction was , `` What is that ? '' and after I tell people , `` Ok , try it again '' and then they stick their noses up in the air and sniff around
 This toy looks great and is a really good concept , but it does not deliver . My seven year old son was excited to receive one for his birthday . Once he tried it out though , he was super disappointed . It looks really cool , but hardly shoots a smell - let alone a stink . We took it back to Toys R US and bought a remote controlled flying saucer . He loves it !
 A Christmas Gift I would care to forget . This is one of the worst gifts my son has ever gotten . It seems to make a great gag for adults , for children however it is not . Advertised as puffs of air to spray at your friends , the warnings on the insert clearly state , '' do not spray directly into the eyes or mouth '' . This is not something I want a child breathing in . Indeed the smell is horrible for some of the `` Stink pods '' from skunk to rotting animal yes it does smell really bad , almost to the point of gaging . However the insert also states that the smell may dissapate in a well ventilated area after about an hour . Even with the windows open this smell lingered for almost 24 hrs inside the house . The last complaint I have is in reguards to people with athsma or people who ca n't stand heavy smells . do n't purchase this item , one of our guests became stuffy , lost her voice due to the fumes . She doesnt even have a breathing problem . You can however have fun with the stink pods , for adults anyway . My nephew used them to put in his buddys car vent on the way back into the service when they were on leave .
 I would never have bought this for my sons . Unfortunately , certain relatives felt otherwise . My entire house has stunk for two days like rotting food and I ca n't get rid of the smell . The stench wakes me in the middle of the night . I ca n't invite people into my home . I ca n't open the windows because it 's snowing outside . Air fresheners do n't work . This is a vile , thoughtless , evil , ridiculously malicious toy . Buy it if you really want to ruin someone else 's week and/or reduce him/her to tears . In which case , you should probably also remember what they say about karma .
 What a horrible toy ! The instructions were vague . The cartridges did not seem to load correctly . One stink cartridge broke on me . The smell is gross -LRB- old socks and trash says the 9yr old recipient -RRB- . The toy is in the garage now where it wo n't offend anyone . My sister gave this to my son for Christmas -LRB- probably to get back at me for all the times I farted in her face -RRB- . Next year her son gets a steel drum .
 My four year old just had to have this for Christmas so I got him one . Big Mistake !!! It smelled SO BAD that no one could even stand to load the cartridges . My son would n't even go near it . My husband and brother tried to play with it but both ended up gagging and trying to wash the semll off of their hands . Needless to say the stink pellets both ended up in the trash and now we have a stink gun that is worthless !
 Ahh what can you say about stink blasters ? How bout that they , stink . Not their smell but their performance . My son shot it at me and i could n't even smell it . My son was so excited , he practically started crying when i did n't start screaming like the people in the commercial . The only way I could smell it was when he practically shot it up my nose ! If you would like your nose to start bleeding , buy this toy . It 's great for causing injuries . Its more likely to poke out ur eye than make you pinch ur nose . It practically fell apart after the first eight shots . If you like wasting money , buy this product . On the other hand u could just make awful smells urself . Anyway , I will soon be going back to toys r us to get my money back .
 Let me just say DO NOT BUY THIS TOY ! My 4 year old son just had to have it , he could n't wait to get us all with it . He loves it because it is so gross and he just likes to irritate everyone . But as a parent , it is in no way fun . My son shot a few rounds off at us on Christmas morning and as of 8pm the day after my house still smells like skunk and trash . I have lit candles and sprayed air freshener and still I smell it . This horrible toy is now banned from my house and is only to be used outside . Thanks MOM for buying your grandson this , it might just be left at your house !
 Hey allit is iyour fellow companion , Jonathin Quentle , here to tell u about another of my many toys.This one i had a predicament about ... what are the stink pods filled with ? Well the answer is simple ... I dont actually know the answer but im sure it 's simple.After using both pods a few times , the stink tends to run out.My suggestion ? fill it with common household items such as crap , maybe a little yellow stuff but i dont reccomend that becuz u wanr = t the crap to be as tough and durable as possible . The crap is actually better than the regular pods because not only does it deal out a great amount of stink but also a nice dirty stain that wont wash out.Have fun with this great toy . Let it 's stink fill the air like a great magical stinky wonderland . It will fill your senses with excitement and joy -LRB- and stink -RRB- in which youve never experienced before.till next time , imJonathin Quentle !!!
 What kind of kid wants to get sprayed with discusting smells ?? What kind of kid WANTS to spray discusting smells ???? NOT ME !! This has got to be one of the dumbest ideas EVER !! stink blasters !????? Hmmmm ...
 Top part of the puzzle did not go together correctly . I wanted to frame it when I was done but I could not because of misshaped pieces .
 Even with an electric air pump , the tubes on this never would inflate enough to make an actual round tube - they just collapse and lie flat in the pool ! And when anyone gets in a tube , it immediately pulls out of the cube that is meant to hold it all together . They are n't attached at all . Lousy design and WAY overpriced .
 This product takes forever to inflate . It deflated in several places after a week . It tips over easily and gets hot inside .
 I love these puffer balls , but this one is very flimsy and badly made . It has unfinished , straggly plastic bits , and the body of it is thin . It 's not filled with enough air , and it 's thickness is inconsistent . One square inch area looks especially easy to puncture . It 's fine as a cheap toy that does n't matter and you do n't expect to last long , but I would not recommend giving it as a gift .
 i oredered this deck from Brybelly and they never arrived and i couldnt track it cause the package doesnt have a tracking # , then when i made a complaint with seller , they claimed that `` they dont control the mail '' . i dont recommend anybody to buy from this store , sure the cards look very cool , but if your not gon na receive them , then whats the point ?
 Do n't be duped by this supplier . They show you a picture of a container of several gels . It describes a unit to be one pouch . One pouch means 1 piece . Nowhere in the description do they tell you that . I think they use misleading practices and you should be aware of this before buying from them .
 I knew these would be a little old for my 4 year old , but the magnets are so oddly placed that it 's hard to make even the suggested shapes with them . Overall I 'm disappointed .
 buy the origional mag blocks . this product is not as fun . My son is over the triangles and needs some squares or rectangles . Just buy the mag blocks .
 This game was made very poorly . It has many bells and whistles , but most were either not necessary or just did not work . I discarded the game .
 blinking courser easy to lose . by the time u navigate to proper square all concentration is lost . silly features . board difficult t.o see with or without light . may work as paperweight .
 I had expected this game to be as good as a older version that I had owned , but this one is nothing but junk . Do n't even bother considering it .
 I got this for my son and it worked 2 times then the engine burnt out . Even in the calmest waters it takes on water that needs to be constantly drained . Expect less than 5 minutes of run time before the batteries die and need recharging ... . INSTANT LANDFILL . Cool looking boat if you want to keep it out of the water . The water tower broke off quickly as well . Cheaply made ...
 Ours arrived damaged and incomplete . There was foul smelling water that came out of the water spout before we ever put it in the water . The metal spools for the rope were rusty . Not all lights were functional . I will never buy anything from this company again . Instant landfill indeed !
 This tugboat worked great for about one week . Then for no known reason it reduced its speed to 10 % . After I asked for repairs , the company graciously accepted the boat back with a full refund.The boat was such fun I have re-orded with the hope that the next boat will last longer . Call me an optomist .
 My seven year old is absolutely obsessed with being a ship captain since we came back from our cruise . He really wanted a remote control cruise ship , but since I could n't find one -LRB- for under $ 3.5 K at least -RRB- he said this looked like fun . This RC tugboat did not even last an hour ! It started listing pretty bad and the pump that fuels the water cannon completely flooded the hull . Do not waste your money . To make matters worse , the boat continually runs , with the power to the boat turned off as well as the remote ... and of course you get a nice shock when trying to take out the battery . HORRIBLE TOY !
 Do n't buy this tug boat !! I recieved this to give to my son for his birthday and it left him in tears . He put it in the water the first 30 mins after having it and the motor would NOT turn off by the switch or the boat when he pulled it out of the water . There for we had to open it up to un-hook the battery so the motor would not blow up . My son was so anticipation to get this , but was let down and left him upset . I read the reviews and it all says it , that the motor will not turn off . Reluctantly I took a chance , but regretful now . I strongly advice it NOT TO BUY this product !! Mom and dad 's nightmare as a gift .
 I odered this for my nephew for a Christmas gift , & had it shipped to my parents house where we 'll be visiting for Christmas . They said they would pick up the batteries for it for me , as the package mentioned they were not included . The description when I ordered this did n't mention that , & the batteries ca n't be found anywhere ! I read other reviews on the same item but different style , & they say if you find it its $ 29 !!! I am very disappointed . Please everyone know BATTERY PACK IS NOT INCLUDED !!!!!
 I scoured the pages to find what I need for batteries for this silly device and the only thing I could find was that it needed a 9V battery . Then upon arrival right on the box it states it needs some r/c charger pack ? No where to be found of course which is why I rated everything with 1 star because how can I give it more than that if we ca n't even find a power supply to use it !!?
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and found out that it does n't come with the R/C battery or charger . On top of that it is very very difficult to find the right battery and when you do it is over $ 20 for the battery alone . What a disappointment for my son !
 I had hoped to be the cool uncle this year by getting one of my nephews this car . Come to find out , he could not even play with it because it did not come with the batteries . I looked and looked but could not find anything about the batteries . This made me so mad . I felt so bad , I went to the store to find the battery and they did not have one so I bought him something else instead . What a mistake it was to buy this toy .
 DO NOT BUY THIS COMPANY . MAN NO BATTERY , NO CHARGER , NO PLACE TO BUY . VERY EXPENSIVE .
 The picture in the ad shows multiple clown fish , as does the photo for this review . In reality there is only one tiny clown fish wrapped in a box large enough to hold 2 dozen of them . What a shock to find only one fish ! KIt works and is cute , but definitely not worth the price we paid for it and s/h costs .
 I bought these for my little boy to play with in the tub . We did n't have them very long and two of them fell apart . We were n't rough with them at all , the tails just fell off and we were unable to put them back together . Now they float belly side up like dead clown fish . Nice bath time fun . Do n't waste your money
 i received this toy today , and i 'm sure it will be a hit with my young son , i think they could have done a little better . i keep repeating the word little because the toy is so small you could fit two in the palm of your hand . the image shows four , you only receive one . buyer beware , yes the child will love it , the price is n't bad -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Picture shows four fish in several colors . Would not have paid that much had I known it was for one tiny fish .
 Ugh ... just realized why I should read reviews before buying something . I was very sick for an elongated period and for the first time did a bulk of my shopping online for Christmas for my 3 year old son . I too thought , based on the picture , that it was going to be FOUR fish -LRB- all the colors shown -RRB- . Instead , it 's only one teeny tiny lame plastic PINK fish -LRB- and I have a son -RRB- . I was n't even given the opportunity to pick my color - THAT would have tipped me off that it was only ONE fish ! Now I 'm worried based on what others wrote , that it wo n't even last very long either . I got way cooler and much bigger bath toys for the same price -LRB- scuba divers , submarines , frogs , etc. -RRB- Oh well ... . lesson learned ! READ what others have to say about a product before you buy ! Hmmm , wondering if it 's worth the bother to return it to get my $ 4.95 back ?? I 'd prob have to pay that in shipping !
 Very deceiving - Picture looks like you get 4 wind up fish - and you only get one for $ 4.50 - what a rip off !!!!
 Shipping speed was awesome but the actual product itself was very disappointing . My 4 year old son normally loves similar toys but he actually asked me what this was and what he was supposed to do with it . Needless to say , it has n't been touched since .
 Although these were just for stocking stuffers , had I known it was just a piece of fuzz with some fishing line glued to one end , I would not have bought them ! Even if it was just a few dollars , still , not worth anything more than maybe a dime . These are something you would get out of those janky vending machines at restaurants . Reminded me of the pet rock ! My kids took it out and looked at me w / puzzled looks on their faces , then my daughter asked me what she was supposed to do with it . I really had no response , as I was n't really sure myself !
 Unless you practice like crazy , this is no big deal . Glad I got it so cheap .
 Hard to tie ; difficult to learn ; never quite as impressive as it looks being demonstrated by a trained worm handler.Disappointment level is about 8.3
 This toy is a piece of junk and a waste of money . It did not come with any card containing an `` invisible '' string , nor a username that the website says it does . We bought it for Christmas for our kids and since none of them were able to play with it , it is going back to the store tomorrow ! You are better off finding someone who has one so you can see in person how it works , what it looks like when it comes out of the package , and what you are supposed to do with it . There are no websites available that give you any of this information !
 My five year old grandson absolutely loves these . I 've reordered several times because he has such a good time with them . However , they rarely last the second session of play with him . Too much money to keep reordering these . Hopefully , someone will use the concept and make something a bit sturdier . They are listed as appropriate for a five year old !
 product is not durable . my son received it and the line broke in one day . the magic trick is hard to play . it is not a toy for kids .
 Do not buy this ... It does not even fly ... it broke the first time I tried to use it ... it does n't have enough lift power to keep it in flight .
 Having seen my share of toys as a parent of six children , I do n't recommend the B-29 Bomber . My son purchased this toy with a $ 50 gift card he received for Christmas . The shipment time was excessive & then the B-29 Bomber broke immediately after he flew it the first/only time . This was an absolute HUGE disappointment for him . If it were n't for the fact that the minimum rating is one star , I would n't have given this bomber any at all . Hope this helps .
 This plane is made of styrofoam . I paid $ 60 plus $ 11 S&H and on its first flight crashed and broke . It is flimsy and not air worthy . I expected more than a pice of styrofoam and cardstock for this plane and for the cost . I will say the vendor did ship another model but it too is part styrofoam and broke to piece on its first flight . I would not buy this again .
 I gave it a one star because the computer would not go on until I rated it something . I got this toy for my son as a christmas gift and did not open it until christmas . On Christmas day he opened it and wanted to fly it and it would not work . When I went on line to Amazon.com I found out that I could not return it after 30 days . So now I am stuck with a plane that does not work after spending > $ 50.00 's for it , ca n't get it worked on , plus I had to buy my child one to replace it . I went to a hobby shop to get this one so I can have it worked on when something happens to it .
 I purchased this product for my daughter . While she was occupied with another great Melissa & Doug toy , I took a turn at the Pound and Roll . Was I ever shocked to discover that it took many , many very hard whacks with the hammer in order for it to go through the hole . I mean , I was whacking the ball with all of my might only to have it make a few millimeters of progress until it hit a tipping point . I 'm thinking there was a problem with the size of the balls , the stiffness of the rubber gasket or the size of the rubber gasket.I called M&D ; in order to let them know about the problem I was having . A real person picked up on the second ring . She made note of my problem and offered to replace the toy with another one -LRB- either the same toy or a different toy -RRB- . I was floored ! I had had a good feeling about M&D ; just based on the retro feel and simplicity of their toys -LRB- not to mention the educational aspect -RRB- and my experience with the company sealed the deal . My issues with the Pound and Roll notwithstanding , I would highly recommend the company and its products to other parents .
 My ds had this toy . The little `` slide '' broke after the first few uses . We were very disappointed . It seems like most of our Melissa and Dough toys have broken . I bought a whole bunch of them for my ds , but since having my dd I have switched to higher quality wooden toys because although M&D toys are less expensive , they do n't hold up . : -LRB-
 My son received this as a first birthday gift and it lasted about a day . I would n't consider him an aggressive baby or even iron man but this toy only took about two whacks from the hammer and it cracked in about 5 places and started coming apart in pieces . I returned it and found the plastic Fisher Price version which is hard to find , it 's not made anymore , but you can find it on Ebay or in resale shops . It 's well worth the search because this toy does not hold up .
 I thought my twin boys -LRB- 15 months -RRB- would enjoy this toy as they love beating on pots and pans and I thought they would like the cause and effect aspect of this toy . However , it takes so much force to move the balls through the holes that they quickly became frustrated and lost interest in the toy altogether . Even my husband has a hard time moving the balls through the holes-he has to beat on it full force about ten times before they go through ! I think the toy is good in theory but your little one would have to have the strength of Hercules to enjoy this .
 I bought this for my 14 month old . I figured that it may take a few tries , but he would be able to hit the ball through the holes . After trying this myself , I regretted buying it immediately . I myself got so frustrated trying to get the ball hammered through the holes , I had to put it away . As for the comment about the sandpaper , we tried it and it does n't work because it 's the size of the inside plastic ring that controls the size of the holes and that can not be altered . If you remove the ring , the balls just fall through . I consider this a useless toy and would not recommend it .
 Three times I purchased the plasma car for my kids and twice it 's missing a part . A simple bolt is missing and can not assemble the car . It can be a great product but without all the parts it 's USELESS !!
 Buyer beware ! I received this item , thinking I was getting what the product headline described , and I was disappointed to find out that I was deceived . This is false advertising . The assembly instructions for this product describe it as a Swivel Car , and it is not the quality of a Plasma Car .
 I got this for my 3 yr old grandson for is birthday . The video makes it look so easy . My grandson had a hard time pedaling his tricycle , so i thought this would be perfect . But since he ca n't get it to go on its own , he just uses his feet to push himself like he does on his tricycle . My son in law who only weighs 150 could n't get it to work very well either , could n't get it to tip correctly to use the front wheel .
 Was NOT a PasmaCar , but a swirl or something like that . It looked like a Plasma , but that 's all . Do n't know how they can advertise that it was .
 This is the first product review I 've ever done . I was so disappointed with the plasmacar I felt compelled to write this . I bought 2 of these for my twin boys -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- for Christmas , I was looking at the turtle flyer and bought the plasmacars based on the great reviews I saw . We were not impressed with these things . The wheels and steering wheel were very difficult to get on correctly , the wheel on one has fallen off numerous times . My boys are very active and this toy is just too slow moving for them . We were very disappointed and feel like we wasted $ 130 on two of these . I wish I could return them ...
 I had seen these things before , though neither I nor my kids had ever tried one out . With the toy 's numerous awards and positive reviews , I really had my expectations set high for this - too high , as it turns out.The toy/vehicle was quite easy to assemble -LRB- you could really figure this thing out with no directions , but consult them first , anyway -RRB- . I had it put together in about five minutes . No tools necessary , no delicate decals to affix , no batteries to install , no measurements to make or things to cut or anything difficult at all . Great so far ! Now to test it out.I sat on this thing and tried to operate it to show my kids how to do it . -LRB- I had watched the demonstration video , online , so I knew what to do . -RRB- I could n't get the thing to move at all across the linoleum floor . OK . Not a problem . Let 's try the concrete floor in the garage . Maybe there 's not enough friction on the clean linoleum for it to gain traction , right ? I had some little success in the garage , but I was still barely outpacing a snail . I began to think I was too heavy for it to work . -LRB- I weigh 175 and the toy says it accomodates up to 250 pounds , so I assumed I would be fine . According to the manufacturer , you can put some pretty hefty kids on this thing , but maybe they were exaggerating ... -RRB- I had my 75-pound middle school student get on it and give it a try . With a starting push , she could maintain the momentum for a time , but the thing just moved sooooo slowly ! I was pretty disappointed . Not one of my three kids could get the thing moving without a push-start from their own legs or someone else in the family . The turning radius on this thing was extremely wide -LRB- about what you 'd expect from a bicycle more than a tricycle -RRB- , as well.All in all , I was greatly disappointed by the PlasmaCar . I can see why it received such high rating for safety . If you are only six inches off the ground and traveling at about 1 mph , you 're pretty safe if you take a fall ! In an effort to make the toy safe , it seems all possibilities of having fun with it was engineered right out of it . A perfect car for liberal , politically correct parents to give to their children!Don ' t believe the hype ! This toy looks cool and fun but is neither . I would n't recommend this toy to anyone with kids over age 3 . Just buy your kids a tricycle , instead , so they can race circles around any neighborhood kid who is stuck on one of these .
 Very disappointed . Great idea but not made to actually do what it 's supposed to do under normal outside conditions . I agree with other reviewers who said this may work great inside on a smooth floor surface , but it was a huge disappointment in what we that was our `` flat '' driveway . I had read reviews but figured our driveway was flat - at least as it looks to the naked eye so it should work fine . Not at all . Our driveway must have the slightest of inclines to it , so the car would only go in one direction . I had ordered this for my son 's birthday and he was so excited to open what he could use his imagination to be a red racecar , and then he took it outside , and it barely moved . Not at all worth the money . It 's way too expensive to only work under perfect conditions . For that price , the engineering should be better to deal with outside surfaces . This toy was used for 1 day & now sits in the garage . I 'm upset he got a birthday present that he does n't enjoy . How many people have the floor space & type of floor for their children to use this in their house ? Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased the PlasmaCar for my daughter and the bolt was missing . I emailed the manufacturer and was told the bolt was back-ordered with a tentative shipment date of end of July , which is less than two months away . How could you tell your excited child that she has to wait for two months before she can could ride on her new PlasmaCar?Very disappointed with the packaging of the product . It could be a great toy but without all the parts , it is useless.PlasmaCar BluePlasmaCar BluePlasmaCar Blue
 After reading the rave reviews this riding toy recieved , I thought my grandson should have one for his 5th birthday . I have to say we were all disappointed with the results . My grandson was frusterated with wiggling the handle so much , he is very active in sports etc but I guess he needed more ` instant gratification ' as he grew bored quickly . It might have helped if the road out front of his house were a bit smoother . It seems that the bumpier the surface , the more difficult the maneuvering to get it to move faster than a slow walk . Sorry , but kids just do n't flock to this like other reviews indicated .
 Thinking this car looked very fun , I bought 2 , one for my niece and one for my own son . Both of them had parts that broke within hours of their first use . Very , very disappointed in the quality of construction of these for the price that you pay . While they were fun while they lasted , they are not worth the investment !
 I ordered original PlasmaCar by PlasmaCar , not an imitation poorly made imitation . The package was so poor , the product does n't even look sturdy . I 'm trying to contact the seller , and return the product . I do n't undertand why amazon does n't review the product before they let the 3rd party sell their product . They should n't make it look like they are selling the original product that buyer 's trying to buy , they make it look like the original , and made me buy because it was on trusted Amazon site , and what I got is a piece of crap .
 I wish I had known that this car only really moves on a smooth surface . We tried it out on our sidewalk -LRB- which is n't too old or too cracked -RRB- , and it goes unbearably slow . After my 3.5 year old became frustrated at the snail 's pace , both my husband and I tried it out - we could n't get it to go any faster.We tried it in our house , which is 80 % tile , and even on the 12inch tiles it did n't move very fast . The only place we could get it up to a `` normal '' speed was in our tiny garage . Ironically , that is where this toy now sits , unused ... in our garage.If you have access to a large , * very * smooth floor , than this toy is worth the outrageous price . However , do n't plan on using it outside for walks , or else you will end up with a very disappointed child .
 I bought this product for my nephew , and when it arrived it was in a multicolored , unlabeled , cheap box , with generic assembly directions and a cheap plastic plasmacar imitation ! The product was essentially unlabeled except for a `` made in China '' sticker on the bottom . This is so misleading ! The real Plasmacar should have a yellow sticker under the steering wheel -LRB- nicely demonstrated by another reviewer here in a you tube video -RRB- , a name brand box , and is made in Canada by a company called `` PlaSmart . '' . Sadly , I learned all of this AFTER receiving this cheap imitation and researching it better . Sending mine back today ! What a disappointment . This is my first review of a product , and it was unfortunately inspired by feelings of bing `` duped ! '' . Buyer beware !
 We have had the same experience as another reviewer - not enough large very smooth -LRB- think smooth gym floor , not ashphalt or sidewalk -RRB- surfaces . We have hardwoods but have rugs/seagrass over the larger portions of floor . We took the cars to an outdoor tennis court hoping to fare better but could not build up speed . Wish we knew the trick to make them work on semi-rough surfaces or had known that they did n't work unless there was a large smooth surface before buying .
 This `` could '' have been a great riding toy but after assembly , the handle-bar wo n't stay on . We 've tried everything . The instructions even state `` if the handle-bar wo n't stay on ... '' They should ship it assembled !
 look cheap and not is a plasma car is an imitation . not is the items that describe . Next time dont said that is a plasma car .
 I bought this for my kids and have been disappointed in how much they actually enjoy it . Granted my 2 year old is still a little small for it . But even my 5 year old does n't seem to get much out of it . When I originally looked at this product a year ago , it was maybe $ 30.00 or a little over . The fact that I paid $ 54.00 for this product is disappointing . I see no justification in such a jump in price , but thought I would buy it after reading some of the reviews . If I had it to do over again , I would not have bought this product .
 I 'm a professional product designer with over 18 yrs experience . Though this was a gift , this is one of the the WORST TOYS I have seen in years . To the point of a scam ! Perhaps it would work better indoors and destroy your floors . It did not work outside . The way it is designed to generate forward motion like a skateboarder uses side to side motion , the wheels are hard plastic and would generate very little forward motion . A push car would be better . In a period of two days the wheels were ground down . This product is so bad I 'm looking for what plastics were used so that I can break it down for recycling as the raw materials are worth more than the product it 's self . Not sure who were the judges who gave this an award from the Openheim Platinum Toy Award . They should consider finding a new vocation .
 I just bought this plasma car on Amazon and it 's awesome . Problem is I found it at Costco 2 days later for $ 38 . Should have just got it there - oh well .
 The plasma car appeared to be used . I could not return it since I was giving it to my grand daughter for her forth birthday . I cleaned it up after I put it together but the foot pads were still a little dirty and would not stay down tight to the frame . Overall I think the product was not up to my standards and what I am use to when buying items from Amazon .
 As mentioned in other reviews it just does n't work on surfaces like pavement , roads and even inside home on tiles ... and the handle came out after few months .
 I ordered this toy for my 3 yrs old son.I just got this toy , and totally shocked by how poorly this toy made.The description says it 's made by WOOD , but all I could see was very sharp edged PLASTIC and already peeled vynil stickers on top.I sent a message to this seller about this issue , and did n't hear from them anything . Do n't waste your money and time on this piece of junk .
 this is a perfect distracton toy for an adult with dementia . they can manipulate it and it can come apart to facilitate dressing . It broke very easily , but I think once they can improve that aspect it will be a great dementia toy !
 Hard to pull apart and very difficult for a child to put back together . Not much fun for a child . Not particularly interesting .
 The Tangle Creations Original Textured Tangle is a great idea with a poor implementation . The idea is a fidget toy , to keep the hands busy of people who think & relax better if they can fiddle with an object . This toy is intended for child or adult.My problem is that the tangle is fragile , breaks easily , and can not be fixed . It broke within 15 minutes of when my daughter picked it up . Their Jr product line can snap back together if broken , if necessary dropping a link . This one is just plain broke , and from then on will just be a snake -LRB- no loop -RRB- . My daughter kind of likes it anyway , but the poor construction is a problem for me.I recommend instead theTangle Creations Tangle Relax TherapyorTangle Creations Jr. . Textured Sensory Fidget Toy .
 I got this for my mother who has dementia diagnosis and fidgets ; she hates it . I tried working with it , I did n't find it interesting at all . There is really nothing to it . I should have returned it but I thought my mother might change her mind . She did n't .
 This product came apart the first time it was used . I know it should come apart where one link fits into another , but this time the linking part came out of the link and could not be put back in . To appease the child , we had to remove two links and attempt to glue the white part that came out back into the link . Very disappointed !
 Not worth it . They are tiny tiny tiny and they peel off . dangerous for younger kids who can peel them off and put them in their mouths .
 The idea of a small ping pong table seemed appealing , but the disappointment here is the flimsy surface , which causes the ball not to bounce well . This is not a smaller version of a big ping pong table table .
 I was disappointed when this table finally arrived , it is not a small version of a large ping pong table even the grand kids were disappointed with table top quality . If you want a small folding table then this maybe for you but I 'm sure you can find it cheaper some where else
 After many pnone calls to Calcamp to return product . I have had no responce and had to call Amex to place in dispute for refund . Never opened box and ordered this item on Amazon by error .
 Video Now color is not worth it.ProsIts in colorIts smallYou can watch tings on itConsBad quality colorIt has a very small screenYou can only watch certain showsAlmost every show is from nickolodianIt is a lot of moneyDont buy it .
 Ok , so we 've all heard - `` I want my video now ! '' , well I want my videos and games on the same machine . Why spend the same amount on ONLY a videonow color player when you can buy a GBA -LSB- game boy advance -LCB- SP -RCB- -RSB- for like what ? Ten dollars extra ? GBAs have bigger screens and can play games . Plus a GBA has great sound . So why get a videonow ?
 This product is pretty weak , if you have a GBA get the GBA video instead . VideoNOW has -LRB- really -RRB- short battery life and mostly all just Nick shows , GBA video has cartoon network shows,yu-gi-oh , and dragon ball GT , All in color!Its better than this thing !
 Oh my Gosh ! who would spent their money on a video now !? it has a tiny little screen . and you pay even more for little cds to play shows on them and i bet you cant even see the screen it is so small . i do not have one nor would i ever buy one . You pay money for shows that you watch over and over again . i would rather buy a portable dvd player or a tv to go in the car .
 My item was never received by me . I e-mailed the company twice to ask them to track my item . I have not received a reply from them . I will be challenging my visa charge .
 I first it worked and I loved it . I bought a video color and in a few months it stopped working . It would turn off when I was watching the fairy godparents and this ticked me off . Trust me you do not want to buy this , I wasted 50 bucks on it when it first came out !! Do NOT waste your money on it .
 This product is a waste of money . The whole marketing strategy is to come out with an ok model , then the next year come out with a newer better model to bribe people with the older one to get a new one every time the manufature comes out with a better model . So buy something worth your money like a Game Boy Advanced SP that way you have a larger light-up screen and you can also play games .
 PROS * Easy to use * Portable * Good shows for younger kids , Nickelodeon mostlyCONS * Bad Graphics * Tiny Screen * Expensive , but not worth it * Limited showsWell , I guess if you 're a four-year-old , you dont really care about the screen , the price , the graphics , or the show you 're watching , but still , you can literally go blind . The idea of Video Now is cool , but trust me , it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . The so-called ` color ' is choppy-game-boy-color-from-1998 . My recommendations are ... Buy a game boy for your kidIf you really want to take a shot at this , make sure you see someone that has it first , and take a look what you 're really purchasing.Buy a portable DVD player , like a Sony , which you can buy in most electronic stores .
 I bought one of these Video Nows for each of my kids . Two weeks later , the screen did not work -LRB- completely black -RRB- . I thought they had mishandled them and we had a long trip coming up , so I reluctantly bought two more . I took one out of the package , put new batteries in , and the screen did not work . All four of the Video Nows that I purchased were broken either immediately out of the package or in less than two weeks . I purchased these toys from a Wal-Mart and they refused to take three of them back because I did not have the plastic packaging they had come in . For the same price of this toy , coupled with headphones , car lighter adapter , and the PVDs that will only play in the Video Nows , you can purchase a portable DVD player which is a much better product and a much better value . I would not recommend that anyone purchase this toy .
 this product is not worth $ 75 , the picture is terrible , it skips constantly then shorts out if you even move it . Also you have to get the video seperatly and they cost alot of money and since they are in PVD format you ca n't play it on anything else . the screen is so small and the unit is so big that it is ridiculous and not good for the eye sight . If you have the extra money get a real portable dvd player like a Sony , Panasonic or toshiba . You will notice a big quality difference and you will save some money because all the discs for the video now ad up quick and by the time the machine dies , all that money will go down the toilet .
 This is the worst board I have ever played in my life . You have to answer either fact or crap , which means you 'll always have a 50 % shot regardless of whether or not you know the answer!This makes the game far less exciting for both the people who know the answer and those who do n't because if you know the answer , someone else might get points too on sheer dumb luck . You 're not getting uniquely rewarded for your knowledge.If you do n't know the answer , you still might get points because you have a 50/50 true false chance ... which is boring for you because you 're not using any kind of knowledge or effort in the game!As another reviewer mentioned ... when a statement is crap or fact , the cards do n't elaborate on the subject any further . That does n't seem very educational to me.My sister and I are avid board game players . When we played this game , I was so frustrated and disappointed in it that we trekked down to a 24hr Wal-Mart -LRB- in the middle of the night in our pajamas ! -RRB- just to buy a better game to play!Bottom line ... do n't buy this game if you like dynamic , interesting , or entertaining game play .
 Not very much fun at all ; bought it specifically for a dinner party I had for several couples and was rather embarrassed at how bad it was . It would be greatly improved if it had the correct answers for those questions that turn out to be crap , very anticlimactic.I even wrote the Imagination Co. to let them know what a let down the game was but never got a reply , that 's why I decided to write this review.Don ' t waste your money , buy Pictionary by Haspro instead !
 We played this game at a family get together yesterday . It was much too dry and boring for our family . We are all intelligent people , but found this game laboring along with hard to pronounce words and obscure subjects . I guess if you enjoy slow moving trivia games , this would be for you .
 We purchased this game for our teenage son , but the questions are so obscure that no one had any idea on most of the questions . Like other reviews have stated , it is just a 50/50 chance whether you are right . The Rush Hour cards in our box were a complete disappointment , every card had 5 questions with Crap as the answer . We figured out the pattern right away and did n't even use the Rush Hour cards . Will be returning this game on Monday .
 Our family is disappointed in this game . The game would be much more fun and interesting -- and actually educational -- if the creators included the correct answers to the questions that are `` crap '' -LRB- false -RRB- and elaborated with additional interesting facts on the answers that are `` fact '' . Our family would not buy this game again .
 This game has serious flaws . In my set all of the Rush Hour cards were the same answer , and it only took the group 5 minuntes to figure it out so we tossed out half of the game . Overall it was about exciting as playing war with a deck of cards . I returned it . Do not buy it !
 This is a good game in concept , the flaws are within the rules so once we tweaked those a little bit it was more fun to play.We played this game with extended family a couple of times over a holiday weekend ; the best part is it did get us all around the diningroom table and we had some laughs . The first time we played a lot of time was distracted due to elements of the rules ; once we changed those upa bit the game play went a lot better . For e.g. ; we eliminated scoring based on who answers first because with a big group there was alwaysconfusion as to who was the fastest to answer . We also had the `` losing '' tokens tossed into a separate pile so that we were n't continuallyfeeding the main pile of chips , etc. . Probably the biggest laughs we had were later on when we we were no longer playing , because when someonewould say something about a topic inevitably a family member would shout out `` Fact or Crap ? '' from across the room . That 's a family joke now that 'll staywith us for awhile . Back to the game - players need to be old enough to read and understand the content of the questions . We did involve younger players by having them pass out/retrieve the game chips , settle `` disputes '' , flip of the timer for the Rush Hour cards , etc. . Overall a fun game , definitely not worth more than $ 20 though , and be flexible with the rules .
 This game has 2 kinds of question cards
 Every single Rush Hour card all had the the `` crap '' answer so after about the third one , everyone just said `` crap '' and was right . How STUPID is that ?
 We purchased this game for our 11yr old son and set out to play it the day he opened it . My first observation was that this game is not made of high quality material . If you do n't pay attention to your grip on the cards , you will surely bend them . The tokens are just cardboard . While playing , my 7yr old decided to join us . To give you an idea of how left up to chance this game is , at the end , I had 2 tokens , my 11yr old and husband had about equal amounts -LRB- something like 40 -RRB- and my 7yr old had 3 less than them ! With 10 more minutes of play he could have won the game - solely basing his answers on chance . In fact , my youngest was placing his ` fact ' or ` crap ' card on the table before the question was even asked and he STILL did well . The questions are way too obscure and at best you might win with a talent for reading faces as the questions are being asked . If you like Vegas and you 're feeling lucky , you will like this game - it 's all about luck .
 I bought this toy for my 4 month old twins who just became interested in squishing toys that make noise . I bought this and a few other `` crinkle '' toys . However , when I got this I quickly realized this is not a `` crinkle '' toy ... there is no crinkle ... just a little rattle on the end . So far , they have n't shown much interested in this ... even at almost 6 months of age . I threw it in their diaper bag since it is small and I needed some travel toys , but other than that ... they do n't care for it much . Not sure why the name is `` crinkle '' when there is no crinkle !
 My son thinks this toy is boring . He started playing with it at about 4 months . He likes to chew on it for a couple minutes then he gets bored .
 crinkle ? i must be missing something ... this toy does NOT `` crinkle '' . it has a small rattle , which is fine but it is not what i thought I was buying . I thought it was actually one of the crinkle-noise toys . My granddaughter has a crinkle book which she loves so I ordered this Mini Tinkle Crinkle . But , alas , there is no `` crinkling ' in this one . Am actually curious as to why it was even has the work `` crinkle '' in it 's name ,
 This item was not at all what I expected . It was very small , and looked more like a dog toy than for a baby . It had a rattle in the tail , but did not crinkle at all . I do n't know why they call it a &#34; tinkle crinkle &#34; . I am definitely not satisfied with the overall product .
 We have owned this toy for going on 2 years and I am not satisfied with the overall quality . The glue that plan toys uses does not work well at all ... this is the second toy that we own from this company that has glue issues . The green track underneath the toy became loose probably a month after owning it from everyday use ... nothing abusive just a 9 month old playing with it . The balls are very hard and can hurt a child if thrown , but I expected as much from a wooden and supervised my children accordingly . Recently one side of the green track came off completely . I am really dissatisfied with the quality - I expected that any wooden toys that I 've purchased would be saved for my kids to give to their own kids someday . My son still bangs the hammer around alot but that alone is n't worth what I paid for this .
 These type of toys are great . But this one is terrible . The balls almost fall through the holes so no hammer is needed . My son just pushed them through with one finger . Choose a different hammer toy .
 Too hard for our house - the colors are very similiar across the pieces and we quit halfway through .
 item is a thin sheet of vynil that is so small with plastic checkers that look like they where made in some Jr. . High metal shop . this game is useless due to the fact the vynil board will not ever lay flat it is always wrinkled .
 My daughter is a year old now , and has had this toy in her crib basically from the beginning . She 's never really shown much interest in it at all , which is weird , because she loves most other toys that have music and lights and buttons to push . But this she barely plays with , even when I try to get her interested in it.I think part of the problem might be that the keys are tough for a baby to distinguish -LRB- the whole thing just looks like one big piece of cloth -RRB- , so it 's hard for her to tell where she 's supposed to push , or even that her pushing causes the sound and lights . Actually , now that she 's old enough to understand the concept of a `` button , '' she keeps trying to push on the lights themselves , because they look more like buttons than the keys do.Also , the music 's a little annoying . If you get this as a gift , it might be worth keeping , but I would n't run out and buy one .
 This item is not worth the price you pay for it.My husband and I purchased this for our daughter for Christmas . The item was working when we wrapped it . It was under the tree for about 1 week . When she opened it Christmas Day , it did not work . We changed the batteries and it still would not work . My husband took it apart to try to fix it with no luck . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 I bought this toy for my 4 month old . I liked the educational value of it , plus she likes pianos and keyboards . Although I must warn that the one I bought had a `` sticky key '' . Every time a key was pressed the elephant would go off afterwards . The elephant would sound off randomly when know one was even playing with it ! It was also christmas time and it had probably been played with in the store . Needless to say I returned it and all the others at the store did the same thing . I bought the Classical Symphony instead . She found it much more amusing . I can set it above her in her crib and watch her play with it for hours !
 I bought this for my son who loves music . We had it for about 2 weeks before it started to malfunction . I did n't keep the receipt since I paid less than 20 bucks for this . He enjoyed it when it worked . Then it started to act funny . It would do what it was supposed to but an elephant noise would follow every thing he did -LRB- whether he played a song or hit letter A -RRB- . OK ... so we deal . Then it started to make click noises . Then the music set to knob # 1 would n't work , just click-click-click . OK , so I figure maybe it needs batteries . That did n't help . Then , I figure the toy was a bust so I might as well take it apart and try to fix it . I messed around and got it working . It still make elephant noise but all 4 areas worked ... . For about 2 days ! Then it was messed up again and worse than before . Now all 4 knobs just click ! The kid had it for less than a month and its fully dysfunctional!OK , that being said , the music was nice . It was cute and The lights worked well . Taught numbers and letters and colors and animals and sounds . I did not like that if it got all messed up dirty-wise , you could take off the cover but you could n't wash the cover because it had plastic all over it -LRB- just not mechanical plastic -RRB- and you ca n't put it in the washer . So that kind of stunk but oh well ... It just was WAY beyond disappointment for me.I hope this helps ... it was fun but not durable in the least . Just a small warning from my experience .
 HI all , I rarely take the time to write reviews , but I want to put this here - like a warning for other parents who use this piano or are about to buy it.We got it when our daughter was 3 months -LRB- it states 0 + months -RRB- and it has been entertaining her since lots , she loves to play with it ! Loves the lights and the sounds.It is not as durable as expected , threads from the filling inside were coming out right from the first week . It is padded , but it is still quite hard when a baby drops their had on the key 's . Padding should be improved.However - the biggest problem is that orange , standing out , cutting switch on the right side . It is rounded down , but is sticking out - made of hard plastic . I had my thoughts on it from the start , I imagined how our daughter could fall on it , since infants drop their head abruptly when still learning head control . Worse , she is now 6 months and is falling over from her sitting positions . I should have trusted my instinct from the beginning and removed it , but I did n't . Despite being next to her - as she was sitting and playing , touching the keys and the lights , she fell over and hit her cheek on the switch ! It swell and she has a bruise now . I dare not imagine what could have happened , if she would have hit her eye !! I am taking this piano away.I am surprised that Fisher Price would make this crucial mistake and put such a standing out cutting switch on an infant 's toy ! I am going to send a complaint to them as well and hopefully they will either recall or improve their product.Hope that helps other parents .
 This kick and play toy is not the exciting as it was said here the ca n't live without toy we were told it would be . The warning says that the toy must be removed from the crib when the child can sit up unassisted . Humm thats the age when they will have the most fun with it ... . I think this was just one of those toys that eveyone jumped on the bandwagon on . My little girl seemed to wonder what what going on with this and why was she having to kick her legs , even when she did try she had to really kick supper hard to get the darn thing to even work . We had it all of one month and gave it to the Goodwill .
 The toy is fine , however it does not work properly because it does not talk . It is broken , even with batteries it does not work .
 He is a good likeness to the original character , however really not worth the cost . Understanding the words he is saying is quite difficult and he is very small . Had I paid half the cost it may have been a better review , but at $ 30 . the quality is disappointing .
 That pretty much sums it up . And there 's nowhere to place a battery , so at some point -LRB- perhaps by the time I received it ? -RRB- the internal power source will die.I feel absolutely awful giving this a negative review because it was given to me as a gift by a very thoughtful person who was quite proud about finding such a gift , knowing what a fan I am of LOTR . But I feel the need to disuade others from buying this and being similarly disappointed .
 It 's made of a sort of rubberized plastic , which felt good in my hand . This is best thing I could say about this gizmo . The first problem I had was with the battery compartment . To install the 9v battery in the handle , one has to use a screwdriver to remove a small screw . Not being captive , the tiny screw fell on the floor and evaded discovery for several minutes . Next , I had to fish out the 9v battery clip , which took another five minutes . Ten minutes later , the unit was powered up . One needs to hold down the trigger switch to keep it powered on , which started to annoy me . I did n't use the cheap headphones which came with it , but rather used my own stereo headphones for best results.The sound amplification was nothing more than my own ears could pick up . In other words , even without this gizmo , holding a paper funnel to my ear I could hear just as well . Aside from the lack of microphone sensitivity , the frequency response is miserable . As I walked around , I discovered strange creaking sounds - strange only because the frequency of the sound was so poorly reproduced that I did n't recognize my own foot steps.There is also a playback feature . I toyed with this feature briefly , but could n't get anything more than squealing sounds out of it . I paid less than $ 20 on sale , but still returned it since I would rather not waste the space at the bottom of my closet to store it . I had more fun as a kid with a pair of tomato cans and a piece of string - and , I swear the tomato cans had better fidelity than this thing .
 The seller is very good , fast shipping , but the product did not meet my expectations . I do not recommend this toy , the hat and googles do not fit well , the music box that goes in the chest is so huge and ugly looking . It is hard to bealieve that this is a Fisher Price toy . It is more a cheap toy .
 The stains on the puppies fade a little bit when scrubbed with the washcloth but they do n't disappear completely and the doggies remain `` dirty '' . My 3-year old son was frustrated and disappointed . Waste of my money !
 Like previous reviewer says , the dirt spots fade in water but do n't come close to disappearing completely . They just go from dark brown to light brown . I would n't buy this again .
 Seeing the previous reviews , I wonder if the quality went down . I just got mine and they do n't work as advertised . The spots disappear in warm water about 70 % . They do not leave `` clean '' dogs behind . I am not impressed at all . They are cute and are somewhat entertaining to my son , so that is why it has two stars and not one .
 My six year old daughter asked for these for Christmas . We put them in the tub , and the spots turned a slightly less dark brown . That 's all . They looked as dirty as ever , just with a lighter color of dirt . I tried various temperatures of water -LRB- cold to scalding -RRB- , and various times , but the best we ever saw was maybe a 50 % -LRB- being generous -RRB- reduction in darkness of the spots . I wonder if that 's what everyone is getting and some people are just satisfied with that , or if we got a bad batch , or the quality has gone down ? Whatever the case , the gap between reality of the toy we got and the picture on the package of a sparkling `` clean '' dog is so large that I can only characterize it as lying to children . Shame on them .
 These dogs are really cute and my 5-year old had been eyeing them for awhile . But , when I finally caved and bought them a few weeks ago , imagine my surprise to learn that the dogs DO N'T get clean . They each have brown `` mud '' spots on their bodies that when exposed to warm/hot water and supposed to wash away . They fade for sure ... but do n't disappear like the pictures indicate . My son was sooooo frustrated that no amount of scrubbing , or prolonged soaking would get the doggies clean.He does still play with them as squirters in the tub , so it 's not a total loss , but buyer-beware ... the dogs DO N'T get clean !
 My 5 year old daughter was so excited when the dogs arrived in the mail that she begged me to take a bath so she could try them out . She was so disappointed and kept asking why the spots were not fading . The other reviews are correct ; they are nice squirt toys but definitely not worth the $ $ $ .
 My kids -LRB- two toddlers -RRB- thought this was pretty cool when we got it ... but had pulled out the fibers within an hour . I would n't recommend it for small kids ... it 'd probably be fine if you have older kids who can restrain themselves from pulling on the fibers !
 I bought this kit to do face painting at my daughters 4th birthday . I wish I would have opened it a week before then I would have realized that it is AWFUL . The `` paints '' transferred almost no color , the small sponge applicators were useless b/c the amount of pressure needed to pick up any color caused them to pop off . The `` crayons '' worked a little better but were still really faint . We ended up using the `` crayons '' to color some faces on gourds and then threw the kit away . It was n't even worth saving to try to figure out a way to make it work . Do n't waste your money .
 Alex Art Supplies are usually awesome . I 've never had anything but good experiences with their items before . I work at an art museum and the finger crayons and car crayon are favorites . I thought the face painting set would be just as great . I was greatly disappointed . The face paints do n't go on , Even with some warm water and mixing , they are n't easy to apply , and the layer is very thin and opaque . The only decent thing about this set is the face painting crayons.I bought this set to face paint at a community festival , and ended up having to go to a Halloween store last minute to purchase an entirely different set of face paints . The difference between the two was astounding.If you are looking for a good , non-toxic , easy-to-apply face painting set , I would suggest buying a Snazaroo palette instead .
 I agree with the other posters that this product was extremely difficult to use . I was to paint faces at the school carnival , and it was an unpleasant experience ! The paints are thick and need just the right amount of water ... there are no brushes in the set ... the paint does not really transfer to the face . The crayons are ok , but also need a LOT of pressure . I 'm sorry I bought this set and will not be keeping it .
 This was a complete waste . The paints simply did n't work . They are completely dry and did n't get better with water.Unfortunately I had purchased 3 sets for a school fair . I had to give all 3 away ! and I felt bad even doing that because I knew they would never work . I switched to Snazaroo and Wolfe Brothers .
 I fell for it
 I bought these crayons for my son to refine his tripod grasp and to provide a fun new crayon . To my horror , these things have a faint chemical smell . That ca n't be good . They also are easily broken if you have a rough toddler -LRB- 26mths -RRB- boy such as mine . That said , he loves them . He likes stacking them , counting them , coloring with them , and even pretending he is making ice cream cones with them . I would not buy these again , despite him liking them . I ca n't get over the chemical smell and the lack of durability considering the age group they are marketed to .
 The shape is a cool concept , but my little guy does n't seem to have an easier time grasping these than any other type of crayons . Moreover , these take a lot of pressure to make marks , and the marks are never as vibrant as other crayons . I think they actually make better stacking toys than crayons , but of course then they have the significant drawback of making marks on everything . They do n't break easily , but when they do break the pieces become very difficult to draw with.I would skip these and go for triangular beeswax crayons instead
 I bought these for daycare and was disappointed because the tips are hollow so the break very easily . It would be a great product if they had solid tips . The colors are nice and the children do n't seem to have a hard time using them . Just do n't last very long . Wo n't buy them again .
 I brought this for my niece.She loves dogs so I thought she would like taking care of this virtual doggie.While it 's easy to feed and brush the dog.You have to press the charms into the side slots hard.Plus if you lose the charmsyou can no longer do these actions.As for the games to play.You need to go toa website to find out about them and what they are.If you do n't have a computer your out of luck.The graphics are small and fuzzy.I would not recommend this toy .
 Great Idea - assemble skeleton , assemble mold around it , fill mold . Targeted as easy enough for 6 + years , this toy has great potential . But none of it is met . I have successfully assembled hot-wheels loop-de-loop Shark Parks and 200 + piece lego ships ; and my husband is a mechanic and can rebuild engines blind-folded . We were unable to do this project , nevermind a 6 year old . The skeleton 's final assembly is precarious due to poorly engineered nub-slot mating . The finished skeleton 's posture does n't match the mold , so putting the mold on knocks bones off . Once the mold assembly is begun , the mold sub-parts do n't stay together . Would dissuade anyone considering the purchase , and would not buy anything else from manufacturer .
 This is the worst toy ever . I am a scientist and I could n't even get through the first part -LRB- assembling the skeleton -RRB- . The parts are so poorly made that when you push to get one part on , another will fall off . After an hour , I passed the job to my husband -LRB- my five year old had completely lost interest in watching me struggle and swear -RRB- who spent an hour trying to get the skeleton into the mold . Once he got the skeleton together and put it in the mold , any manipulation of the 80 tiny plastic mold parts would break the skeleton again . I shudder to think what the process is for filling in the body - I probably would have ruined my kitchen in the process.This is going back . Do n't waste even a dollar on this piece of junk .
 This is n't a `` toy . '' This is a poorly constructed piece of garbage . As another reviewer said the mold is n't built well or right , the skeleton parts do n't stay together -LRB- if they even fit at all , -RRB- and trying to actually get everything to stay in place is a feat of acrobatics ... which I failed at . I wish I 'd read reviews of this before purchasing it -LRB- at Target . -RRB- My son spent his 4th birthday money -LRB- and boy was he proud and excited -RRB- on this horrible , cheap nonsense . He 's a very advanced and capable child for whom this should be no problem -LRB- targeted for 6 year olds . -RRB- Well , I 'm almost 30 and I was on the verge of throwing this thing out the window after an hour . I have built bicycles , tunnels , Hot Wheels sets , dinosaurs ... the list is immense . This ? Made me curse the manufacturer a LOT . If your child likes dinosaurs check out the dig kits where you can be a paleontologist and `` dig '' dinosaur bones from a rock . My son loved them .
 From my 7 yo
 Seriously , this was the worst product I have ever gotten for my children !! I was so disappointed with this that I am writing this to discourage anyone from buying this product or any thing that this company puts out ! This product was poorly , poorly made !! After trying to work on this with our children and having trouble from the start to the finish I decided to contact the company to let them know and get a refund or another product to replace this . They would not help me because it was 30 days after purchase . I was so discouraged . Anyway ... I hope my review helps discourage anyone from buying this product or anything else this company makes .
 As others have noticed , the manufacturing precision just is n't high enough for these kits to work reliably . I 'm sure some folks get lucky and have the bones actually fit into the mold . Not me . If I moved the back feet into position , the skull popped out . Put the skull back in , then the front leg falls off . Quite the exercise in frustration . Finally I decided to skip the bones and make an all-gel dinosaur just to have something to play with . The gel ran out the cracks in the top of the mold and made a nice horrible mess.I 'd suggest thesnap together electronics kits , or pretty much anything done with baking soda and vinegar instead of this junk .
 Reading all the reviews was way more entertaining than this product . I have never written a review before this , but had to because of just how bad this product is.It 's all true ... the skeleton pieces do n't fit together , the mold is impossible to keep together , the gel solidified too quickly , the instructions were incomprehensible . Then when we put our finished dinosaur , which had bones showing because gel did n't fill up the mold , it would n't fit on the stand . There was no possible way that it could . -LSB- ... -RSB- . I hope the company is out of business . This thing is really junk junk junk !!!!!!!!!!! It is now in the trash .
 We gave this toy to our five year old son for Christmas . The package was marked ages 5 + . Our son easily snapped the skeleton pieces together and was jazzed about getting the mold done . Unfortunately , this part of the project is not for ages 5 + or even for ages 37 + ! I struggled with the mold -LRB- dinosaur bones kept falling apart -RRB- , then my husband struggled , then I struggled again , put it away for the night , and struggled to finish the next day . Of course , the five year old totally lost interest . The instructions for mixing the gel were unclear -LRB- put both packets of gel powder in with one cup of water or one pack for one cup of water ? -RRB- , so we ended up with a mess , and the gel did n't properly cover the bones -- even after all that work . We 've put the second dinosaur project away for another time . Wonder if we 'll ever get motivated to complete that one !
 Please do n't waste your time and money with this product . I attempted to put it together for my 5 year old son and gave up after repeated attempts of trying to fit the molded plastic over the plastic skeleton . I finally somewhat fitted the 2 plastic molded pieces together and filled it with gel . Oops ! Gel oozed out of various spots where the two pieces did n't fit perfectly together . I would love to meet the person who can successfully do this project . Complete waste .
 The molds are not one or two pieces as the box depicts , but consist of two larger pieces and a varying number of smaller , some very small , pieces that do n't fit or snap onto anything . Even the dinosaur skeletons do n't stay put together long enough to attempt assembling the mold around it . The entire mess went into the trash . The box is intentionally misleading as to its contents -LRB- the pics show only two large pieces for the mold -RRB- and as to the required procedure ~ ~ we wo n't be conned into purchasing any more products by this dishonest company .
 Do not buy this product . Does not meet any expectation as described . It is flawed in every possible way and only delivers on disappointment . I will never buy anything again from this company or it 's affiliates .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased , and I do n't say that lightly . The idea is very exciting , and my son 's excitement kept me trying to manifest this toy 's potential for 2 hours . When my husband came home , he tried . Ultimately , we threw all of the parts and the goo back in a bag and will return in tomorrow . The list of which parts of the procedure work is very short , and the list of what does n't is almost all-inclusive . Highlights : * the dino skeletons are fragile and fall apart often during the process * figuring out where the multiple parts of the mold go is extremely difficult -LRB- you have only dark , photocopied small photos to go by -RRB- , and the parts are placed loosely on the skeleton , so one shake of the table and you 're starting over * the goo you 're supposed to pour in through a tiny hole into the mold is too thick and wo n't even pour , let alone spread inside the moldI wo n't even buy another Mad Science product after this one .
 This product is aweful , the skin does not cover the bones , my nephew loved it but as a consumer do n't buy it , it 's a great idea and concept , but needs adjusting .
 junk This toy was nothing like pictured and it does absolutely nothing its a piece of trash actually we blew it up on new years eve !
 I just received this toy to give as a gift for my 3 year old grandson . It is way overpriced at -LSB- ... -RSB- for the toy I received . It is a small action figure only 7 '' high and shoots Nerf darts . I think a 3 year old could do just as well with one that does n't shoot them at 1/3 the price .
 Wanted this puzzle for my lady since she LOVES Bernese Mountain dogs . When we got around to putting it together , we found that the pieces were so poorly cut that we could n't tell without actually turning the pieces over whether they fit or not.Further , there was at least one piece missing from the puzzle.Would not recommend !
 I got this kit a few months ago . We tried to make the belts once , but it was pretty hard and my 8yo got bored and discouraged quickly , she has n't been interested in it since .
 This was an ok deal for -LSB- ... -RSB- but was really glad , before we wrapped it , we double checked HOW to load the paintballs . This was a `` virtual paintgun '' that makes sounds with a color display as if ... . it were shooting . It works ok for the little kids -LRB- 4 year olds -RRB- , but the 8 and 9 year old kids they would have REALLY been disapointed which would NOT have made a very happy Grandmother .
 My grandson loved this toy until he started playing with it . It was broken within 5 minutes - he is 6 yrs old . Does not work . Would not recommend
 This water gun is a lot of fun while it lasts . I 've owned four of these . The big problem is their weak triggers . After some solid fun with them an internal mechanism tied to the trigger breaks and leaves you defenseless . There 's no repairing it either . All that money just went down the tube . This seems to be planned breakage by the manufacturer because the same thing happened to all of these . Would not waste my money on this again .
 Toys did n't last one afternoon before they started to leak and not hold preasure . They were probably on clearance because of poor quality .
 I love this gun 's features . I work at Jurassic Park in Universal Studios and I was using this gun to shoot at the people in the boat . The stream shoots very far , so far in fact I was able to reach across the track and hit the Loaders whom I work with . You can use the stream or REALLY surprise people with the cannon blast . Ice and really cold water play an extra feature in it 's fun capability.The ONLY problem I have with this gun , and it 's a major one , is that the trigger does not last long at all . The 1st gun was purchased at Toys R Us . I took the gun to work the very next day . All day I had been using it to wet people and towards the end of the day , the trigger did not spring back . Instead it sunk it and never came out . I could only shoot people if I continued to pump the handle , but it only came out as a small stream as if the valve was stuck on `` open '' . I took the gun home , dismantled it , and found that a spring had broken off and not only that but a plastic hook that was used to keep the spring in place , had broken off as well . There was no way to fix it unless you had a power drill , screws and some knowledge of how the gun works . The 2nd gun was purchased at a Target and once again I took it to work . The difference is that this time the gun lasted 2 days until once again , the trigger broke . You can hear the small pieces rattling around inside . I took both guns back and got my refund . I 'm sorry to say that I personally do n't endorse this gun unless you want to throw away $ 19.99 each time . True this gun is made out of plastic parts , so what can you expect ? I 'll wait until they come out with the next generation of soakers and put those to the test . Have a fun summer everyone .
 On the first that I received , I could n't get the cap OFF . I could n't even get it off with a plumber 's wrench . On the replacement I received , I could n't get the cap ON . The threads of the cap would not engage with the threads on the body of the supersoaker . Not sure if the problem is one of design or workmanship .
 The queen magnet was shoved up inside too far the piece would not stay on board . They said they would send me a new piece . Not here yet . Do n't need it I shaved some wood off the bottom of the piece to make the magnet flush . Replaced the felt.If you slightly tip a piece it will magnetize onto another piece on the next square pretty easy it may even cause a chain reaction . Very annoying hardly playable , if your careful slide the pieces and pick up the pieces firmly , put the pieces down firmly you could play a game . At this point I think it would be better off with out the magnets at all.The board is solid cool set up with the closeable box so you could save your games . The pieces themselves are nice . The magnets ruin it . So I think I will demagnetize it somehow ? I asked if they would sell me extra set of pieces so they gave me a number . I did n't call . Sometimes ya just got ta accept your losses do the best with what you got and move on.Get rid of the magnets and the thing is still worth 20-30 $ if the magnets worked right it would have been an excellent deal . I ended up buying a 8 $ plastic board made in China its bigger and not as nice being its plastic but it was only 8 $ the magnets work fine so I declare phooey .
 Bought this set for my 4yo . She played w / it once and the handle bars on both trikes broke off . She is not rough w / her toys . Also , have to add the windmill of the playhouse tipped off the first time we placed it on top , fell about 5 inches to a carpeted floor and also broke off . So , disappointed in the quality of these items .
 Great toy but after a couple of times of smashing it into the wall the car started to fall apart .
 It was great fun for my 6 year old grandson the first time he crashed it . After that it ceased to work properly ... he ws a bit heavy handed with it , no adult was around for the second crash try .
 This Snow plow is a joke . It broke 2 minutes after my grandson got it.It 's not durable , small like a match box toy . Total disappointment .
 I registered for this toy w/out having seen in `` in person '' b/c it sounded cute . BIG mistake ! Unfortunately , my 1-year-old daughter received this as a birthday gift.This toy is flimsy and horrible . The pieces that are supposed to make him `` wobble '' do n't stay on his `` hands '' like they should and the only thing wobbly about it is how poorly and cheaply it 's made.Don ' t waste your money !
 Lousy toy I have ever bought . The base is not sturdy and the red top doesnt sit well on the base . So it doesnt wobble at all . Leave alone my kid struggling to play with it , even adults cant figure out what to do with it . There are scores of other great toys for this price ! Not worth your $ $
 I sure wish I had read the reviews here before I bought this toy for my son . It 's more like a lousy version of Do n't Break The Ice than a baby toy . You have to carefully try to balance the cups on top of Wally 's hands and head , but he falls over nearly every time . Even an adult can not get these cups stacked without making the toy fall . And he does not really `` wobble '' at all -- he simply tips over . There is nothing fun about this toy , and it is almost impossible to `` play '' with . Huge , huge waste of money .
 I guess this is my fault , but I wanted a larger dye cast model of the Mustang Convertable , a car I always cherished but could never afford . I wanted the dye cast model to add to the collection of cars in my office , but instead I received a car the size of my thumbnail . The offer was n't very clear about the size of the model I was purchasing . I was very disappointed when I opened my package .
 My son only used this about 5 times before this died . I am not sure if the motor gave out or what , but the battery still works fine and the boat wo n't work . We bought this for his end of the school year gift to play with in the pool all summer and he hardly got to use it . Was fun while it worked : -LRB-
 The 20 '' RC Boat Navy Battle Ship HT-2877 was a fabulous enjoyment for me and my 4 year old grandchild . The ship looked great , it maneuvered great -LRB- forward , backward , left , right -RRB- , and the motor speed was just right and very manageable in the pool . After two weeks of fun the 5 batteries developed leaks and would n't charge anymore . The fatal blow was I could not find a like replacement 5-battery configuration pack . The ship is now just a floating ship !
 The boat looked cool in the photos , but when it arrived it was missing parts and would not work at all . Needless to say I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want a remote control boat .
 i was super excited to give this to my friend 's kid , but after we put it together and followed all the instructions , it did n't work . it 's a cool boat regardless , and until it did n't work it was pretty exciting , but yeah , did n't work . *** in the seller 's defense , i did n't try to return it , 'cause i 'm a jerk . ***
 This boat comes with no instructions . Yo never know when the charge is full . I have had it for a few hours and will return it asap . Another Chinese piece of junk .
 This is a piece of junk . The boat will turn on but the controller does not make the boat move at all .
 Receive this product quickly and that 's about the only good thing I can say about it . The item came with absolutely no instruction in English . It is probably `` fresh off the boat '' from China . As much as I could try to figure out by guessing what the pictures were saying , the item did not work anyway . The propeller did not turn at all . I ended up returning the item without even having the boat touching the water . What a waste of time and money , not to mention the disappointing face on my kid .
 I bought this for my sons 10th birthday and he was so excited ! He loved the way this toy looked and really looked forward to trying it out . The first time he played with it , it quit working !! When trying to figure out the problem , it was discovered that the toy was n't made water tight . Water had gotten into the engine compartment and burnt up the motor . I would think since this is a toy made to drive in the water , that it would be sealed ... so disappointed !!!!
 so i played with the boat for about 10 minutes and then it just spazed and the perpelers were going even if i did not touch the remote THEN the anttena broke when i picked the remote up I WOULD NOT RECAMEND THIS BOAT TO ANYONE .
 Be super careful when pressing this top down . My 6 month old was playing with it and I was helping her push it down and her little palm got caught in the gaps on top and pinched pretty hard . Its not our favorite toy but with supervision , I do n't have a problem with her playing it .
 It did n't light up and there 's no battery inside to replace , so its just a spiderman bracelet with no light . bummer .
 The light up spiderman part was pretty good but as far as the bracelet , it was rusted and very old .
 Life-Like Products probably does make the best HO racing cars and track . However , be aware that this particular set does not use their standard cars . These cars are about twice the size of the standard HO cars and run on a different type of track.Most if not all of Life-Like 's racing car product line is HO and incompatible with this set .
 This toy nearly started a fire on my carpeting . My 5 yr . old and 8 yr . old did not plug the battery pack in properly . The plugs are not color-coded or sized differently to eliminate error . Be careful !!!
 This race set is a nightmare . The tracks do not stay together at all . Hard to race when the track keeps coming apart !
 Well , I tried making ONE thing with this and it warped under the iron so badly that I ca n't use it again . Too bad .
 I know this toy has won a bunch of awards , though I do n't get it . My son -LRB- 7 months -RRB- did n't get it -- examined it for a few seconds and threw it over his shoulder . Gave it to a friends 2 year old , she apparently did n't get it either and was quickly bored .
 This is a colorful , noisy , ball with moving parts and a glistening inside . But ... this ball does n't roll in a straight line , and it is hard , meaning hard on your hands , hard on woodwork it might crash into , just hard to get the hang of how to use it in a playful way . It is called a spin ball , but it does n't spin either . ????
 The light is not bright and impressive . It goes off not according to the instructions when just touching any metal object , but ONLY ! when wrapped completely in the metal foil , which is noisy and hard to hide . Failure !
 Awkward to use , unclear instructions -LRB- poorly translated from Chinese , which probably does n't help -RRB- , and did n't light up very brightly even after I figured out how to make it work . On the other hand , it was cheap .
 Not very user friendly . This bulb looks good , but no ring is included to activate the light . We were pretty disappointed that we ca n't even light the thing out of the box . It 's not like it would cost that much more to throw that part in either . I would pass on this brand and pay a bit more to get all the necessary parts included .
 This item barley works , very dim . Also you need some kind of wire or aluminum foil in hand to make it work . Not like what we used to have at all for our Uncle Fester costume .
 The bulb was broken and did n't work -LRB- physically broken bulb part -RRB- so we sent it back - did n't seem to have in the way of instructions either - might have been good if it was n't damaged
 The product was already broken when I received it . It did n't cost me much , so I was n't overly disappointed . Basically you get what you pay for .
 I never got to use this toy , it never worked how its supposed to :-LRB- ? I was supposed to use it for a carnival for the kids but the toy is not relliable and even thoug we try it never worked
 Having read the previous reviews , I knew I was taking a chance when ordering this . It was a losing gamble . The light bulb lit up very dimly for about a half second , never to light again . I tried all of the things listed in the reviews - tinfoil , metal on base and side , same piece of metal on both sides , on side and base , etc. . No go . Buyer be warned .
 I purchased 5 of these for a video we needed to shoot and they are HORRIBLE ! First off , in opening the packaging , the instructions are on the outside of the box and are incorrect . It states that you only need to make metal contact to the bulb . However , it requires metal to be touching the side AND bottom at the same time . Because of that incorrect instruction , I assumed all 5 were broken and it took me 20 minutes to actually get one to light . I planned to use it with a ring and it is impossible to get with just a ring . The only way I could get it to work is bending the provided metal ring completely open -LRB- like a `` C '' -RRB- . I also tried different metals -LRB- my ring , their ring , paper clip , aluminum foil -RRB- and none of them worked unless it was the same metal touching both parts of the bulbs.Then ... when you FINALLY get it to work ... it is INCREDIBLY dim . The light is not anything like the picture . It 's a very dim light through a smokey bulb . Impossible to see unless the room was very dim.To further the frustration , the seller said they would n't refund my money if the product was operating . It operates -LRB- when you try REALLY hard -RRB- but that 's not the main reason I wanted a refund . I wanted a refund because1 -RRB- It did not work as described2 -RRB- It was n't bright as picturedSAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE AND DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 This product was not as advertized ! First , it does not work . Second , the construction is poor . Third , no where is the product labeled a product of China . If I had known that , I would not have purchased this product , as I do not buy anything made in China since most of these products are JUNK ! If the product is not made in the USA , I do n't want it and will not purchase it . You can be assured that this will never happen again , even if I have to pay a little more . If Amazon continues to carry these products , I will shop elsewhere online!I also discovered a video on You Tube that demonstrates how to make a far superior trick light bulb at less than half the cost . My fault for not doing my homework!Results
 I paid good money for this item and i ca n't get it to work , either its broken , the battery came dead , which it is unchangeable , or it is just a piece of junk i 'm not sure . but i want another one for free or i 'm going to be ticked .
 My son loves this game , because he loves Bionicles . He likes having the characters , and he likes being able to fling the ball.The board game itself is almost entirely luck , no skill . The flinging takes a tiny amount of skill -- I never missed.The instructions are inadequate . They leave out obvious things like what to do when two players land on the same space . More importantly , the instructions on the cards sometimes conflict with the game instructions -LRB- e.g. rules say to roll die or take a card . The card that says to use it when you land on a specific type of space . Does that mean you can use the card on a turn where you have already rolled the die ? no way to know -RRB- . My son played the game for a couple of weeks and then forgot about it.So , buy this game only if your child is obsessed with Bionicles . For the non-obsessed , this game has little to offer .
 toy bought as a gift for christmas . item was sent in timely manner . thank you .
 Somewhat disappointed with Puremeco 15-dot domino set . Having played with 12-dot sets up to now , would prefer having 15-set the same colors as 12-set for the first 12 numbers , then different colors for the additional 13 , 14 , and 15 's . Colors are not as distinctive as I 'd prefer . I would have returned this set except one can not judge the colors without opening the set , and Amazon does not allow return of opened merchandise - a `` gotcha '' .
 I have been looking for thick dominoes that will stand up better making them easier to play with . These were advertised to be thicker than they are . I was very dissatisfied whth them so i returned them .
 This toy is not worth the money . Years ago ; there was a talking Spongebob that said many more phrases than this one and was much bigger . If you 're looking for a toy with educational value ; I would not recommend this one . I was very disappointed in this product once I received it .
 I bought this thinking I would just need a basic stand to hold my motor . It turns out that this stand is very unstable being tall and not a wide stance at the base . First day of use the motor on the stand fell over and broke off the alternator mounts from the block essentially ruining this motor . If you have a small 4 cyl or a light weight motor it may work OK for you but I had a straight six and because of its long block it made the stand very top heavy and awkward to move around in time I have found ways to keep it upright but was very disapointed in general with this purchase except for price . Spend the extra money get the bigger stronger mount .
 I bought this sprinkler and it was not very exciting . It hardly keeps my children 's interest because the only thing it does is spray water out of the top of sponge bob 's head . His little antennae 's barely flop around and for the most part just soak the grass surround the base of the sprinkler . Do n't spend your money on this !!!
 The kids were so excited to get a spongebob sprinkler ! We had to try to use it as soon as we got home . After 7 attempts to attach our garden hose I had to tell them to wait until dad got home and even then he could n't get it to hook up . We returned spongebob and the kids were really disappointed !
 As with other reviewers , we could not get this sprinkler hooked up to our hose . As far as I know we have just a regular garden hose . I tried 2 hoses and neither would attach . It was as if the attachment on the sprinkler was smaller than the hose . This was a complete waste of money , as we never got even a single use out of it .
 This product is a waste of time and money . Kids ' were only able to use once . The only way to attach the hose was by using a plumber 's wrench . It leaked like crazy . Could never get it attached after that !!! Do not buy !!!
 You can not hook this up to a hose . Who makes these things . Dumb and Dumber ??
 It 's great if you can get the thing to work . It would n't fit on the hose . Kept popping off the hose . Returned it . Will stick to a regular sprinkler from Home Depot .
 There is no way to securely attach the sprinkler to a standard hose . Once the water is turned on the hose pops off the sprinkler.Complete waste of money
 I bought the Care Bear 's version of this sprinkler as a gift for my niece and it is pretty much the same . The hose wo n't attach properly and basically broke before she even had a chance to use it . Target needs to pay a little more attention to it 's quality of products .
 Sorriest product I have ever purchased . Did n't function at all . After spending most of Christmas day trying to get this thing to work , my son and I finally gave up . The instructions were both inconsistent with the existing hand controller configuration and incomplete -LRB- no instructions as to how much battery charging is required , nor are there any battery charging indicators -RRB- . I would not recommend this product to anybody .
 I was very excited about this pool , but am not able to inflate it ... looks like there is no passage for air to go inside . dont know what to do . it had no instructions whatsoever with it . and neways how complicated cud it be.Did anybody experience the same prob ???
 I purchased this pool when my some was about 8 months old . He enjoyed it while it was inside our home , but when we took it outside to fill it he got bored in less than 5 minutes . It barely holds any water -LRB- and 1.5 inches -RRB- and theres barely any room for other children . I 'd be lucky to get 2 1 year olds in it . It 's probably great for young babies , but for parents of older , busy toddlers it 's just not big enough . The price was great on it and its very durable but just not big enough !
 The product arrived with a hole we could not find . We bought this with several other toys for a pool party we were throwing . The adults eventually laid it out on the patio and used it to sit on so their swimsuits would n't snag . I saw in other product reviews that it showed up with a hole , and I took a chance anyway . My bad .
 I have ordered two of these , with the second a replacement for the first after it was returned as defective . Neither one would hold air . There is obviously a manufacturing issue with these and to avoid disappointment and the return process , do not buy .
 It only lasted a week , then there 's a 1 '' tear between the edge of the neck and shell , it was fun to use when it works .
 It got a hole in it after 2 weeks . My grandkids love it , but it 's already done for . the patch that was included did not work .
 I bought this pool regardless of the price -LRB- which I thought was kind of high , not to mention the price of the air compressor I had to get to fill it -RRB- after reading all the online reviews . I could n't wait to use it . Well after an hour of blowing it up with a compressor I could not believe how disappointed I was . First it took forever to inflate . Then the rainbow shade would keep falling over and it was n't rounded like in the picture but more like a point . Then the dolphins would n't even stand up . I had to stand there and hold it . The slide would just flatten out whenever anyone used it . So needless to say I returned it . It had alot of great stuff and the colors were bright and pretty . Plus the depth is great for toddlers but I would not recommend it to anyone , nor will I ever buy a blow up pool again .
 I agree with the other disappointed review . The rainbow did n't curve , the dolphins did n't stand up , and the pool kept deflating -LRB- obviously a hole in it -RRB- . Too much work for a nice sunny day when I just want to go out and play with my toddler , not work while my toddler plays . I 'm going back to a standard plastic pool after this experience .
 We live in Michigan and I ordered this pool for my daughter 's birthday in April , only to find out in June , when I could no longer return it , that it does n't set up correctly . The cheap plastic screw-in attachments used to secure the pool and allow the water to stay in , do not fit into one another , rendering it useless . My daughter was disappointed -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We didnt even get a full summer 's use of this toy . It constantly leaked from different places and after it was patched in a dozon places we decided to get rid of it and get a new one . I was dissapointed b/c I thought it lookes really cute and liked that it had a little shady portion under the rainbow.My 1 year old son wans ' t that fond of it anyway and I do n't think he will miss it .
 This product worked well for the first few cuts but then the saw began cutting into the sides of the guide slots as it is made from relatively soft plastic . Now it is impossible to make a straight cuts as the guide slots have been widened and angled by the saw biting into them . I have much experience with hobby crafting so this is not a result of misuse . I have since ordered a aluminum miter box . The one positive aspect of this product is the added angle -LRB- 30 degrees ? -RRB- in addition to the standard 90 and 45 degree guides but this is not enough to redeem this product . If you plan on using it for more than a few cuts invest in a metal miter box .
 It 's plastic and the saw cuts through the plastic . Buy one that 's aluminum ! I wasted my time and money . Do n't buy this product .
 Have been waiting for over a month . Never got the item , and never got the credit back this vendor stinks .
 I played Pokeno from 1968 to 1972 . I loved the game . My friends and I played for hours on weekends . I now live in a senior building but the seniors play the game like bingo which I do n't enjoy.I recently started playing ` old school ' Pokeno again with a group of people who used to play the game 40/50 years ago . I heard about Pokeno 2 , then found out the game was no longer being sold . I called the United States Playing Card company and was told a new version of the game was coming out . I bought the ` new ' Pokeno 2 game on Amazon.comWe have played Pokeno 2 for three weeks . We each play one old board -LRB- Pokeno -RRB- and one new board -LRB- Pokeno 2 -RRB- . If two people Pokeno at the same time the winner is the person with the best Poker hand . Yesterday two people had Pokeno at the same time with the same hand - using boards Pokeno 2 boards D-2 and D-3 . This never happens with the original Pokeno game ; I do n't know if it happened with the ` original ' Pokeno 2 game.I hope that Stay At Home Dads go back to the drawing board -LRB- or computer -RRB- and design boards for Pokeno 2 with no two hands alike in Pokeno 2 or the original Pokeno game .
 The outside of the box makes it look like you get 24 cards by saying 12 additional cards . All you get for your money is 12 cards and 200 cheap plastic dots . What a rip off
 Most games from Jax Ltd. are simple enough for kids but have enough activity involved to keep adults entertained . Triple Four is the exception.Each player gets a 7 card hand from a deck comprised of two regular decks shuffled together including all 4 jokers . Each player also gets three `` triplet '' cards they put on the little easels in front of them . Each triplet card lists 3 cards the player must have in hand to score the triplet card . Triplet cards are placed in front of the player along with the three matching hand cards . After matching a triplet , the player refills his hand and easel if needed . The goal is to score four triplets . Players can also steal scored triplets from other players.The trouble is , it takes forever to make a match . Some triplets are easy to get i.e. `` Three of a kind , any suit . '' But others are impossible such as `` Jack , Queen , King ; all clubs . '' If you get and easel full of tough triplets , you 'll spend most of the game just drawing and discarding.Most Jax games give players something to do each turn . Triple Four often leaves you trapped and bored .
 The paper that came with the spinner was fine , but I had to use that paper as a guide to trim a good 1/4 '' off the sides of this paper because it bowed up and would n't allow the spinner to spin . It would be better to just buy card stock . Also , the black cards are GLOSSY and the paint slid RIGHT OFF of it . We had to use the back side -LRB- which is white -RRB- . So long for cool black ones . Again ; card stock ! And the paint bottles it came with are TINY ! Unlike the original paint that came with the spinner , you had to cut the tips off , and no matter how carefully you cut the tip off to the end as much as possible , it was too big and came out too fast.Save your money ; re-use the original spinner bottles , make your own paint , and cut out the paper from cardstock .
 I am rather disappointed . I had one of these as a kid and loved it . I have never had a problem with the original stuff that came with the spinner . The paint dispensers are terrible ! The purple one exploded when I cut the tip . Mine only came with four colors as opposed to the five pictured and spoken of in the packaging -LRB- blue , yellow , green and purple -RRB- . The paint is VERY thick and does not spatter correctly . I have nothing good to say about this .
 My 6 y/o could n't squeeze the paint out of these dispensers , so I tried to enlarge the openings by snipping the tips off . However , then the paint came out too fast & the paper got soggy . : -LRB-
 This refill kit does NOT fit the Imaginarium Spin Art product . There were two different sizes of paper and even the largest did n't come anywhere near the paper guides , making both sizes unusable unless you attach a piece of tape to the back of the paper . The instructions that came with the refill set said that it included glitter -- it did not . The paint was incredibly thick and two of the bottles were completely cracked all around the neck . I had to add water to thin out the paint and it still kept thickening up . USELESS , USELESS product . I recommend to try and find refill kits sold by Imaginarium if that is the product you have . Do not buy this one .
 This works OK , but every puzzle I tried did n't have enough information to actually solve without guessing.If you are n't a serious Sudoku fan it would be a good choice because it is fun to use , but if you prefer to solve a puzzle through logic do n't bother with this device .
 Hi , I feel in love with this type of puzzle . I wanted to get an electronic version of it , I went with this one . The game play is very easy with this one . Very simple navagation , just select your number and touch the screen were you want to number to go . There is one draw back and to me it is a big one . The numbers are to small and to hard to see unless you have very bright lighting in the room .
 I received this as a gift this past Christmas , and it 's been quite a bit of fun to play with . The first thing I do on the train to work each morning is the Sudoku puzzle in the paper , and I 'd often get bored on the ride home . The endless puzzles in this game keep me occupied.However , as one other reviewer hinted , the puzzles are not valid Sudoku puzzles . I 'd estimate , conservatively , that 9 out of 10 puzzles on this handheld have multiple solutions . You get down to often 6 or 8 empty squares , and there are several different `` correct '' ways to complete the puzzle . Of course , the toy only recognizes one way.If you already have this game , I challenge you to put any puzzle that it gives you in a Sudoku solver online . Multiple , or incomplete , solutions will come up because of the invalid puzzles.If you do n't mind playing with incomplete puzzles , this game is a ton of fun . If you think puzzles should have `` right '' and `` wrong '' answers , then you might want to find another handheld that had some extra thought put into the programming .
 AT THIS TIME I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE BECAUSE WE DID NOT RECEIVE THE CORRECT BELT . I AM GOING TO RETURN . YOU SENT A BELT WE DID NOT ORDER AND MY SON ALREADY HAS . I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN PLEASED WITH YOUR SERVICE I UNDERSTAND MISTAKES HAPPEN.THANK YOU KATHY -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The product came in perfect condition , however , there was a piece missing from the container making the trick impossible to complete . It is an unfortunate thing , but not the fault of the seller , just the manufacturer .
 Did n't work . Instructions did n't exPlain trick . Tried googling it without success . Many well-educated adults tried to understand written information to explain to child . Disappointment and waste of $ .
 I guess I should n't be surprised that I was tricked by a deck of trick cards.This package includes two decks . One is a trimmed deck , where one edge of the cards is slimmer and enables the old `` pick a card , any card '' and a few other routines which rely on being able to pick a card out of a deck by feel . The second deck is a completely standard deck of Bicycle playing cards , and the instructions that are included tell you to mark that second deck yourself , whether with ink or by making indentations in the surface of the cards with a pin.The trimmed deck is great . You can get up and running in just a few minutes feeling out the cards and astonishing your friends and family . But since the second deck is identical to any deck of cards you could buy for as little as $ 1.25 here on Amazon , you 're paying a premium price for a two products combined that could be bought more cheaply separately .
 This game is easy to learn , and will get your toddler started with board games . But be warned , it 's fantastically boring for adults to play . Be prepared to sit around rolling the die turn after turn waiting for it to land on the one thing you need to finish the game . Just about any game by Haba would be a better choice .
 My three year old son got this for Christmas . He was not very impressed , its not good for short attention spans . My kids would rather just mix and match the pieces rather than actually play the game .
 What I recieved is not as it is in the picture ! . . I did n't necessarily need a new launch controller but this one -LRB- in the picture -RRB- looks way cooler than my old one and has the stickers that describe what each component on the controller is for . Which is cool and a good idea for kids just getting into model rocketry . The box I recieved shows a plain yellow controler . It is an Estes product and it does say `` Electron Beam '' on the box and the controller itself . I opened the package thinking the stickers were in there somewhere but no . . The wire is red instead of gray . I dont really care about that . Red is probably better for visibility on the ground anyway . There has also been a change with the saftey key - It does n't look like the one pictured . It is a round piece of plastic with a metal pin sticking out the bottom . You must push down on the pin/key AND press the `` Launch '' button at the same time . Probably a good idea for absent minded kids and adults who forget to remove the key after launch . Either way , I 'll be returning it and checking my local hobby store for something like the picture or maybe I 'll build a cool home made one !
 this product is imho is a big fail . i build my own rockets now for 15 years , and used such a starter only once . its a fail and dont met any security guidelines for rocketry . the curent power going through the lamp is too high and may ignit your rocket engine accidently.dont leave your kids alone with this kind of controler , the engine may start accidently becauseof high current going through the lamp and the igniter may fire the engine . the ` security ' key is kind a farce.also its very fragile and made of cheap plastic.get a wooden box , a low current led and a push button , 4x1 ,5 v batteries and a keylock for safety.this is easily build and do n't cost over $ 10 and will last for years , also suitable for hp rockets and looks much nicer .
 This is a great bionicle set ! I just got it today . My brother got another bionicle and we fight with them . I rated this bionicle 5 for fun because it is really fun , my favorite part are the wings that are retractable . I rated this education 4 because you dont really learn much except for buildin skills . I rated this bionicle 4 for durability because when i try to lift something up with its talons its leg falls off sometimes . overall this is an awesome toy .
 Very disappointed after buying !! The animals are cute but the company has gone under and you no longer get to name a star . The website is -LSB- ... -RSB- if you want to check it out .
 do not purchase this product . It broke the first day . the plastic wrist band is very fragile .
 The vendor was great but the watch was broken when I received it . He refunded my money immediately .
 the watch arrived broken . the numbers that are used to tell the time were missing . i do n't recommend this product
 This watch was so cheap , that the wristband literally fell off the watch when I took it out of the package . It was only a couple bucks , but still ! My daughter was not impressed , and neither was I.
 I did everything as said on the paper , it does n't work , the mold does n't fill up completely so it does n't look the way it does on the picture and it is too hollow ... very desapointed the worst gift I ever bought for my kids
 This lego set is a must have for any young fans of F1 , or perhaps a collector as well . It 's very well made , as all lego sets generally are . I gave this a 1 star rating because the price from these Amazon sellers is totally ridiculous . I picked two of these up for under $ 30/ea from ebay this Christmas including shipping . Amazon should monitor and ban sellers who price gouge .
 I purchased this sandbox for my granddaughters . They loved the sandbox because it is so colorful . Unfortunately , it is n't durable at all . The bottom is a loose liner and the sand is constantly leaking out . If I had known it did n't have an attached solid bottom , I would n't have purchased it . Also , it has an attachable umbrella , but it comes out too easily .
 We purchased this for as a gift for our daughter . But when we opened it we discovered that the bottom liner is made out of cheap plastic , similar to the `` one-time use '' costumes we remember form the 80 's . It is secured by elastic hoops to the frame of the box . The so-called cover is also made of the same material and is secured by a few strips of Velcro tape . This item would not be suitable for outdoor use , maybe an enclosed porch or semi finished basement . I would not recommend it .
 It 's a cute sandbox , and my 2-year-old loved playing in it . But unfortunately , it 's very cheaply constructed . The bottom is a flimsy plastic liner that wo n't stay attached to the sides ... and forget about trying to move the box at all without the bottom tearing ! Likewise , the top -LRB- made of the same material -RRB- tears easily , and the elastic bands used to secure it to the sides lost their elasticity within a few days.After only a week of use , I had to replace it with a sturdier model and throw this one away . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 We purchased this traffic light for our 4 year old son who LOVES traffic lights . It only worked for the first 24 hours - after that , many of the lights just stopped working -LRB- it was a really cute product that our son LOVED when it was working -RRB- . Friendly Company -LRB- the seller -RRB- was excellent in their customer service - paying for the return shipping and sending us a replacement light within 48 hours . However , the replacement traffic light ALSO stopped working after the first 24 hours . Quite surprising , seeing as the German manufacturer supposedly offers a THREE YEAR warranty on the toy . We are n't going to bother with a third light , as we figure it will also stop working after 24 hours . I would not recommend wasting your time on this product , although I would highly recommend Friendly Company to everyone , as they have been wonderful in making sure we were happy with our purchase or finding a way to make us happy ! The seller was great , the product was not .
 The item 's photo is for the new Estes parachute designed to look like chutes from the 60 's . It looked nothing like the photo description . The design was different and it was purple and green . I returned it for a refund .
 I have been shooting of rockets since I was 15 -LRB- some 30 year ago -RRB- and have always used paper towel for wadding . 1/10th the cost and I have NEVER had a problem . Do n't waste your money !
 It 's toilet paper . It is not tear resistant , flame resistant , made of gold , anything.Five.Dollar.Toilet.Paper .
 no . I did not favor this product ... it set my house on fire . There was not a sufficient amount of wadding in the package i purchased . i was only able to wad the nose of my `` rocket '' and I was n't sure what to do with the box it came in . Instead of receiving the 302274 wadding I received the 302273 wadding . the chemical composition of the two was slightly different , and almost result in a misfiring of my `` rocket '' . It blew my neighbor 's cat up-into pieces .
 I found this product far too over priced ; it does nothing but convert to a truck . No flashing lights ; no sounds nothing.For the money it costs I expected much more than a plan figure.Not worth the money especially when other types are cheaper and do more for the money . Very dissappointed .
 This is a great toy !!! I have 2 boys . A 4 year old and a 1 year old . I bought the new batmobile that came out this year but the old one is built better !! He loves both ... but the old one is built to last !!! It has lights and sounds and shoots projectiles from the sides . I think it was a steal for the price . Do n't pass on it cause its an older model . In this case older is better .
 This figure is good but is n't truely worth your money . It is n't anything special . What i recomend is final battle jango fett . the final battle jango comes with everything this one has . The reason i think the final battle jango is better is because his arm has a flame thrower and his head pops off like when mace windu cut it off . I only recomend this toy if you have the slave one ship . otherwise buy final battle jango !
 Please beware of buying any FeeNix products . They are made with cheap plastic parts that break with little use . When you try to buy spare parts , you will find out that none are available . Grandparents bought our children the pedal fire truck for Christmas 2008 . It was used for less than one year before the steering linkage broke , rendering the whole thing useless . Thanks FeeNix .
 We bought this firetruck for our 3 year old son . Within 30 minutes of him playing with it in our yard the steering column melted in two places . We are assuming that this happened because the inside windows of the firetruck have a reflective material on them , which reflected on the steering column and melted it . Luckily my son was not injured and did not touch the melted plastic when it was hot . Within a few weeks , the water hoses broken as well . A few weeks after that , the front axel for the wheels snapped off . I was so disappointed that I paid so much money for a toy that was n't durable . My son is only 28 pounds and not hard on toys , so I ca n't imagine if a larger child used this toy . It probably would have broke sooner then it did . Every year we get each child a `` big '' birthday gift , and this was my son 's big gift this year . Now he ca n't even play with it.I mailed the parts back to the company , in order to take advantage of the 90 day warranty . I mailed them on July 11th -LRB- Purchase date was May 15th -RRB- . I had n't heard a word from them since , so I called them today . The lady at the company stated that she would put an order in for the parts , and that if I had to pay for any of them that they would call me . I sincerely hope that I will receive the parts to fix the toy without a hassle , since it was within the 90 days . I will post again if I get the parts .
 We have this toy for only 2 weeks and it has been used about 6 times . Already the front wheel has snapped off the axel and is no longer working . It is now completely unusuable . In hindsight i would not have purchased something this price from an unheard of manufacturer since it is just not durable enough for a 3 yr old , nor as big as i thought . Unfortunately my son loves it and will miss it if we do not replace it . We are still waiting to hear from the manufacturuer as to a solution .
 There is no redeeming value to this line of dolls . I recently saw one at Toys R Us that had a skirt so short that the doll 's skimpy underwear actually covered more skin . Out of curiosity , I checked to see what the age range the doll was marketed to was and the box said AGES 4 + !!! Any parent that encourages their children to play with these dolls really needs to take a step back and honestly answer WHY ? These dolls perpetuate the idea that life is about being impossibly attractive , popular and living a life of leisure - all through wearing skimpy clothing and too much makeup . Children need to be encouraged to live a quality life - not one of quantity and excess - these dolls are one step shy of encouraging young girls to cultivate an entirely vapid lifestyle . PARENTS - PLEASE reconsider the value of these dolls - I have yet to see any redeeming quality in them .
 I gave the fun value 5 stars because my son loved the toy and had a ton of fun with it , if it was n't for my son I would give it 1 star . I brought this batman for my son who loves Batman , but after a short time the arm broke off . Not worth the money .
 My 7 year old got this for a gift . He enjoyed it for a few days . The arm broke off after not-very-rough play !
 Well ok im sure you know that many customers just ramble on about how much bratz stuff that they have , so what who cares wot u got n wot u dont got , this doll is not a must get though , i personally fell that she is the biggest heap of rubbish MGA has ever produced , if she brings hair care to the bratz slumber party , and comes with '' hair accessories '' then why is her hair so short yo carnt even style it ? I have put '' accessorie in inverted commas because , well a few lumps of plastic at least you can tell what the other slumber party bratz accessorie are wot dose she have , a hairband which probably snaps when you even toutch it , i know that jade likes things xtreem and far out but her dressing gown n capris dont match the rest of the slumber party line , her diary is not very attractive and wot is the deal with her pen , her eye make-up -LRB- if not a little overdone -RRB- is really cool , if only it matched her second outfit , this doll is very mis-matched . The only thing i like about her is her suitcase , and i suposse her toy dragon -LRB- or whatever it is supposed to be -RRB- She is probably as educational as the rest but just not as nice looking , plastic magasines , n a hairdryer -LRB- which would have been ok if it was a different colour , at least you can tell what that is -RRB- She is also probably as durable , although her hair looks like it falls out when you brush it.If i were getting a slumber party bratz i would get yazmin or Meygan -LRB- as shes leaving the pack next year to be replaced by the new doll dana -RRB- Thank you for taking time to read me and i have one last thing to say Do nOt Get A jade slumber party doll . Thanks . You will regret it , meygan n yaz are much more fun to play with .
 I do n't like how they made Jade up for the Slumber party edition . I think she looks funny and somewhat stereotyped .
 All you ever hear now is ` Bratz this ... ' and ` Bratz that ' and ` Oooh Bratz are so wonderfuL ! ' . Well let me remind of one teeny weeny itty bitty little detail
 we are two girls fra denmark . our freind broughtan Jade Slumberparty , and the day after , her hairwas destroyed . Her make-up is too far out , and herpyjamas is OCLY ! her accessories is boooring . . soo . . dont buy her . . buy : YASMIN OR CLOE SLUMBERPARTY ! THEY RULE!Both of us love Bratz - But Jade Slumber Party : / suXs !!
 Do not buy these ... they are a discontinued item . I purchased these recently and my son broke them after only 4 games of use . If you care about your child 's safety then do not purchase these !!!!!!!
 My daughter really wanted a Bratz doll for her 5th birthday . I purchased this exact doll for her thinking that it did n't look as provocative as some of the others , since she was in cute pajamas and fuzzy bunny slippers . When my daugher opened the doll , their was another pair of pajamas for Yasmin to change into , a tank top and panties/boxer shorts . The boxer shorts/panties had a large `` V '' cut out of the front of them with lace trim on the bottom . Something like you would see at Victoria 's Secret ! Ridiculous that they would purposely design clothes like this for dolls marketed to 5-8 year olds ! Very irresponsible . After seeing the lingerie outfit Yasmin came with , I 'm wondering if the other dolls come with thongs and a little cute pink compact of birth control .
 What a disappointment . My daughter -LRB- age 4 -RRB- HAD to have this doll after viewing the commercial ... and after only about 15 minutes playing with the doll , she said - I do n't like this and threw it to the side . Meanwhile , my husband was using the box outside to change the oil in his car !! so I could n't return it to the store.What can I say , except it is a very dull , uneventful doll.The ballet stand is flimsy -LRB- and the doll ca n't even grip onto it -RRB- . My opinion
 The doll looks really fun in the packaging but it really is hard to get it to spin and do any dance moves without it falling down . Also all you can do with the bar is press it and it plays music . The doll cant hold on to it or anything . It basically just sits there . Really not much fun .
 My 6 year old ballerina was ecstatic to receive this for her birthday . Unfortunately this doll is not worth the money it cost to make it . You can not make your doll do the ballet positions . The advertising leaves children to believe she will dance for you . Not true , you have to make her pirouette and her feet have to stay pointed . The feet end up going flat , and she slips all over the place . The ballet bar requires batteries to play ballet music . Can I ask you ? What is fun about a ballet bar that plays music when your doll wo n't even dance ? This toy is a expensive dud . My daughter was major disappointed . It was played with for a total of 5 minutes , and will spend eternity in the bottom of the toy box with the rest of the expensive toy duds that seem to be commonplace anymore . If you are going to want a doll that is educational , playable , and keep your child interested , spend the extra money and invest in American Girl dolls .
 Looks great in the package and adds , but not worth the money unless you have a kid that just likes looking at her toys . Hard to work , does n't dance or spin easily and an overall failure . SHe 'd have had more fun with another barbie .
 We bought this Dora and Boots set at Walmart for $ 8 Dec 2005 . It 's so cute but not very functional . We assumed this was a bath toy and that 's exactly what my 2 year old thought too . Dora 's head fills up with water and after fighting to get her head off to empty it , we found that there was no hole to empty the water out of ... how water gets in it is beyond me ! She is top heavy to begin with but once water gets in it 's hard to get her to stand up on her own . And her head dented from what we believe is the water pressure that has built up in there . Boots is also head-heavy so he usually ends upside-down in the water . His innertube is a squirter which is fun but it fills up and makes him unable to float like he should . My daughter loved playing with them for maybe 3 days . Now they just float around unnoticed in the bath .
 I did n't like this toy at all . It did n't do anything . I was thinking that it ought to have a wind up that would allow Dora to kick her legs up and down to simulate a swimming movement .
 My 21/2 yr old daughter is a huge Dora fan . This was a gift given to us . She pretty muched ditched all her other bath toys to play with Dora . Dora 's head is Full of water . After using all my strength to remove her head to drain the water , I noticed mold around the inside . I ca n't figure out how the water gets in , nor you ca n't get it out . This should not be sold as a bath toy . It 's a bacteria wasteland is what it is . As other people have mentioned , she is top heavy standing is an issue , boots does n't exactly `` float '' either . It 's all around a pourly made toy . I would n't waste your money .
 When I saw the packaging for this toy , I was more excited than my 3 year old . After about 5 minutes of play , Dora 's head was barely staying on and would spin around like she was possessed . Her life jacket never turned a different color like the packaging said . Her flippers are continually falling off . At least Boots is a little more amusing , but after getting squirted in the face a hundred times , he is more annoying than amusing . Overall a HUGE disappointment .
 my daughter recvd this for her birthday thinking she would love to play with this in the bathtub but she hardly even touches it!she plays with other bath toys over these . the only thing she likes to do to dora sometimes is put makeup on her face with her water crayons which wash right off , and do n't even mention boots he is just nasty , nothing but nasty slimy mold growing inside i threw him away along time ago and my daughter still has n't noticed ! I try to get her to play with the dora at the pool but she just is n't having it , I 'm surprised because she loves dora , but this just does n't do it for her .
 This is my second online review of a product on Amazon . I hate this toy . It was given to my kid as a Christmas present . My kid likes it fine . But it does n't do ANYTHING !!! Dora 's head and arms move , but that is it . Dora floats in the water face down motionless most of the time ; frankly , when Dora is in the water , she reminds me of a corpse . The least they could have done is designed Dora so she would float upright . Boots , at least , floats right-side up .
 After a few weeks Dora 's head was full of water that could not be removed and Boots was full of water that at times squirted out black slimy mold . We threw it away !!! Very cute but needs to be made waterproof if it is to be a bath toy .
 In our house we call this the `` poorly designed toy '' . As another reviewer pointed out , you have to hold the stick at just the right angle , and you also have to dig the wheels into the ground to get traction in order to make the wheels turn . In addition , the wooden ball at the top of the stick is too big for little hands to hold on to . Our 15-mo old daughter will grab for the toy but get frustrated that she ca n't push it properly . Sometimes she ends up just carrying the thing , but mostly she abandons it and finds another toy .
 I cant say to much about the Product because it arrived brocken and I had to send it back ! I decided to get a refund and purchase a different crib . I did like the fact that the crib was wood , and that it came with a storage compartment . I did not like the bedding ! Very flimsy and not what it looks like online . I gave it 2 stars just because Customer Service was great to work with as always and I had a refund within 2 days !
 Bought this for my 2 year old for her birthday based on the solid reviews . I must have gotten a bad one . Half of the screws were stripped . Paint was coming off of the railing and the knobs were all beat up . Very disappointed and now on a hunt to find something else for her birthday by tomorrow .
 I bought this for my 3 yo daughter for Christmas ... in less than 2 months my husband repaired it at least 3 times . It now has to be thrown away because it is no longer safe to play with . My kids are by no means hard on toys and it has stayed in one location since Christmas . I thought that paying almost $ 100 for this toy signified a nicer , wooden product that could be packed away and given to grand kids one day , what a joke ! This crib is flimsy and made mostly of thick cardboard and press board , very little wood . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.I just contacted the company for a replacement or refund . I will update this review after seeing how helpful customer service is .
 We 've had this doll crib for almost a year now and it has just gotten worse . It really is heartbreaking because my daughter LOVES this crib . When I initially put it all together , I had a problem even then with the center board -LRB- bed part -RRB- staying intact . I even used glue , but to this day it always pops out . It is very frustrating for my 3 year old because she is n't even rough with this crib and yet her babies are always falling right through ! The doors stopped working within a month ; the pieces came apart one by one until I just took the catch off and let them swing freely . And forget about the crib mobile , that was the first thing to get tossed . If only this were more durable , it would have been just perfect . It is an adorable little crib and just the right size with cute tie-on bedding that fits perfectly next to her toddler bed , but alas I will be picking her up a hard plastic crib to replace this for X-mas . I 'm sure she 'll be much happier and her babies will stop bumping their heads . I recommend you buy something more durable to start , too!I also picked mine up for about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- through another site , so if you are insisted on buying this product I suggest shopping around if its still overpriced here !
 so excited to buy this item for christmas . looked so cute in the picture . when it arrived i could n't wait to put it together . I started christmas eve . should have started earlier . complete pain in the neck to put together . the holes were not drilled right . there where no holes where they should have been drilled . and some holes were overdrilled so the screws did n't stay . it is NOT made of wood but painted particle board or something . it does a faint odor . -LRB- probably the lead paint from china -RRB- the mobile was missing pieces . there were cracks in the wood and chunks taken out in many places that were just painted over again . there is soo much glue used for putting the rails etc. together that it all leaked out and dried a light yellow color . some places it was n't even painted enough . after being unsuccessful at putting it together for the fact there were n't any holes I used good ol ` duck tape to hold it together for christmas . after the holiday i called to get another one . the second one came . the mobile was snapped in many places . the same problem with the glue . cracked pieces . crappy paint job . i couldnt believe it . i tried to interchange the pieces of the 2 cribs and this one has missing holes too !!!! this turned into a big mess . would not recommend this . returned both ! buy another one MADE IN THE USA !!! NOT CHINA !
 I am very disappointed in this bed . First , a piece of wood around the railing was cracked . The bedding is very thin and of poor quality . I had to trim pieces of fabric . The blanket is paper thin , and the pillow is NOT a pillow at all . The mobile is out of tune and very plain . Amazon did not have a replacement , and I needed this for a gift . Fortunately , I knew someone who could help me with the cracked wood . Amazon was no help , and Badger products were a disappointment . Lesson learned .
 4 months ago I bought two of these cribs , one for my 2 year old , and another for her BFF . It was n't difficult to figure out how to put this together but we immediately saw problems . The screws do n't fit right and some do n't catch . We had to get 2 longer screws for one side of the crib.After setting this up it looks very pretty although the bedding is a bit short when you tie it to the sides . It pulls but so far the strings held up nicely . I like the storage under the bed and it makes clean up easier and neater.The aggravation comes from the construction . The sides come apart and the bed has to be handled with TLC when moving it and playing with it . A difficult task for any child ! The screws come out as they 're not a proper fit or the holes were not made correctly . Luckily I bought this one on a different site because of the price and did not pay what it 's advertised for here . I cringe every time I need to move it and the sides come out . My friend has n't mentioned experiencing the same problem and I forget to look or ask .
 I purchased this bed along with the Melissa and Doug high chair . The high chair was a piece of cake to assemble with the holes placed in the correct location . The doors on this bed had holes placed in the opposite direction of what they should have been . Directions were also written very poorly . The finish on the wood was also not very good and uneven . It is not a $ 50.00 toy . I would never recommend this item to any friend .
 We opened the box to this crib and immediately closed it . The smell coming from the pieces was horrible ! It smelled of moth balls and wood glue -LRB- I think -RRB- . I could not bear the smell to even put it together , let alone ever put it in my daughter 's bedroom , so I put it in my basement hoping it would outgas and try again in a week.Waiting for an e-mail back from Badger Customer Service on what the materials of the crib are . Did anyone else have the same problem ?
 When I got the basket , it was scratched and distressed . Also , the mobile was crushed and unusable . I have contacted for a replacement and herd nothing back !
 The toy would not fit together as constructed & I had to fix and create at least 5 holes so the toy would fit together . 1 part is noticeably cracked & another broke as I was screwing it in as it was so fragile . I have pictures . I am not a happy buyer ! My advice
 It 's cute , however I was disappointed by the quality . I got it for my daughter for x-mas and it 's already falling apart . The screws do n't screw tight , they just spin in the holes . My husband is going to have to glue everything and figure out how to make it more sturdy . If you do buy the product , when you put it together , use wood glue from the beginning this way it wo n't fall apart .
 I was weary of buying this item after reading mixed reviews . I am buying this for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas and can not yet comment on it 's play value -LRB- if I could tell you about her smiling face on Christmas morning maybe I would feel a little happier because I do think she will love it -RRB- , however , it came with several minor scratches and dents in the wood , and had two pieces that hold the bottom together with damaged inner parts -LRB- that make the screws tight -RRB- . Needless to say , the bed will not last long with regular play in its current condition . I was able to easily order parts off the website -LRB- you need the box and manual to do this so do n't throw anything away -RRB- . Also , it said you need to order any parts within 30 days of buying to get them free . I am super glad that I attempted to assemble it now even though it will be harder to hide so that I can get it in working condition for Christmas morning with plenty of time to spare and with free parts . At this point I wish I had spend more money and gotten a better quality produc . I recently purchased the kidkraft doll high chair for my other daughter and was very happy -LRB- much better quality and easier to assemble -RRB- . Hopefully the new parts will make a difference .
 The crib was a gift for my 4 year old daughter 's birthday . It is lovely to look at and she has been really excited to get it . HOWEVER , the real working mobile has n't worked yet and the pink ribbons that hold the bed liner to the crib have already begun snapping off despite the fact that she has only had the crib for about two days . I think I paid too much money to now have to fix the ribbons and the mobile on a brand new toy .
 My child got this crib as a gift from her friend for xmas . It is now February 5th and this item is already broken . The wood came apart of the sides of the posts . We are very disappointed in the quality of the product that we received .
 This is an absolutely adorable little crib , & I love the storage cabinet below , to help keep everything organized . And the mobile is so cute ... it turns & plays a lullaby , & works just like a real crib mobile . But I was quite disappointed in the overall quality of the workmanship . There were 2 extra holes drilled in the front ladder portion , that should n't be there . The bottom of the storage area , & the bottom of the crib are very , very thin , so I hope it holds up . Some of the screws get to a point where they do n't tighten & set , but just keep turning , so I do n't know if they pre-drilled too far or too big , or what . The paint job is horrible ! It 's a very thin flat paint & even had a chalky feel & appearance . There was a big , dark blotchy spot on the back side . Come summer , I 'm going to take it outside & spray the whole thing with a better quality paint , which is sad . For the price , I should n't have to do that . The blanket is just a thin piece of material the size of the crib bottom , & the pillow is the same with a thin piece of batting inside . I opened up the end & stuffed it with more batting so it would actually look like a pillow . I bought this for my 3-year-old granddaughter for Christmas . It 's hard to find a nice affordable wooden crib . Because of that , & the fact that I like the design , I 've chosen not to return it , but will repaint it & hope for the best . But I am very disappointed because it looks of such better quality in the pictures .
 II bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it fell apart a couple hours after she started playing with it . Not very good construction . It is not worth the price . This is JUNK . Please do n't waste your time or money .
 I purchased two of the Badger Basket Doll crib 's for my granddaughters . I think it is beautiful and an item every little girl would like with the pink inserts and the mobile BUT as far as this item staying together it is MADE POORLY ! After putting it together I realized it would not stay that way with any child using it . I took the entire cribs apart and using toothpicks and wood glue began to assemble it back together . I can only hope it will stay together and I will not have to do the process again . If you are not handy and have ALOT of patience I DO NOT recommend purchasing this item .
 Product arrived in good shape.Packaging was good , and nothing was damaged.Directions are decent , and the quality of the printing with glossy heavy paper is actually very good.Paint job : The paint on the crib was white and a bit chalky , and appeared to be more like a primer than a finished paint job.on the ends of one of the posts the paint did not completely cover the wood as the wood was not sanded prior to painting , and the paint had a hard time covering the rough surface.Hardware : Wheels and front door hinges were the lowest quality things I have ever seen . The wheels are on a U shape bracket which fits on the end of the post.The bracket is so much bigger than the post that you need to crank down on the screw that holds it on until it bends on to the post . Otherwise it flops around . The holes for the screw in the metal is so large that the nut almost comes through . No washers were included with the product that might help with this interesting design feature . Note that the holes in the door for the knob is also much bigger than the screw , and you need to be careful not to tighten it down too much . Otherwise the head of the screw it might pull through the door . Also a good place for a washer , since they chose to drill the hole so large in comparison to the head of the screw.While screwing on the nobs in front the screw broke off in one of the knobs . I was holding the knob with my hand when it broke . Using a drill press we drilled another hole , and got a new screw.The ladder structure in the front was not glued / clamped together correctly in the factory . As a result the holes in the ends of the ladder would not line up with the holes in the end post . One of the dowels was flopping around since the assembly had not been pressed together . I Used a drill press to drill out the holes / glue that was in the holes , and then pressed it back together.The hinges on the front doors are held on with the smallest screws I have ever seen used on wood . It appears that you really should use a jeweler 's screw driver on these things . I am not sure if I lost one of these as they were so small or if it never came in the box but there were only 7 of 8 required.There were no extra screws in the box.The pin on the hinge was bent . . but It appeared to be functional.Total assembly time + repair work ~ 1:30 minFinal appearance , is pretty much as in the pictures , and looks ok at 5 feet.Note that I have a shop in the garage , and make furniture as a hobby , so I am probably not the average customer for this . Also the use of a wood shop was not included in the description of the product assembly .
 I looked over all the reviews and still took my chances , here it is a night before Christmas and we are trying to put the crib together , yes I said trying ... Good thing my husband knows what he is doing or it would of been a total waste of money . None of the parts fit , the screws were not even useful , the screws had no way of even being used they were like nails . The wooden side rails had no place to fit into . I advise whoever buys this better be a carpenter or know how to make things work . My husband said he could of just built one if he would of known this one was gon na be so messed up . A little frustrated ...
 It was great for the first week . . It was missing a start for the mobile from the start but other than that my daughter loved pushing it throughout the house . A week later the wheels cracked and the doors do not stay shut ... . Not really durable
 I could not finish the piece as the metal parts for the doors to swing on made the doors 1/4 inch too big for the frame . I finished it without the doors and found two of the big screw holes were already stripped and the screws stuck out 1/4 inch and just spun around . I have no idea how to return stuff ... and so will just glue it together until it falls apart ... I have 18 grandchildren 8 and under , mostly girls . This will probably not last one day as they play `` house '' all the time .
 the holes are over drilled , ca n't even fix the screws inside ! very annoying , since my 4 yrs old wanted to play with the crib badly ! Very cheap piece with a very had chemical odor .
 When we took this out of the box the screws do n't even hold because they were stripped right out of the box . Also , once assembled it lasted about 10 minutes before it was broken ! A sad way to waste $ 40 .
 Was advertised as coming with baby alive doll but did n't . X-mas eve was assembling when I realized holes for screws were drilled to wide and barley held it together and the cheap press board just could n't it and broke before I could get both sides on . Would have been such a cute gift to give and since was x-mas eve could not replace it . Will be returning product and finding something else . It is a shame the time was n't taken to design this better .
 I was very excited to order , and receive , this doll crib for my daughter for Christmas . Luckily , I opened the box to assemble it a week before so that it would be ready to play with Christmas morning . The package was missing two necessary pieces ! I requested a return from Wayfair -LRB- the seller I used through Amazon -RRB- which was authorized , but at my expense ! I am disgusted that I will be out $ 15 for return shipping when missing pieces/parts are CLEARLY an issue with this product -LRB- as mentioned in MANY of the other reviews -RRB- . Lesson learned , business lost . BUYER BEWARE !
 Descent quality line , However the winder is basically useless . It will take a long time to wind in a kite with this type of reel . I bought it and transferred the line to a hoop style winder . Buy it for the line not the winder .
 My son -LRB- 12 yrs -RRB- received this for Xmas last year and has not taken it out of the closet since January . He played with it for a month straight learning the capabilities of the robot -LRB- he never touched the mini robot -RRB- but lost interest in it once he figured out it could n't do anything else without spending more money on it !
 A Crayola let down . The colors were not vibrant . The markers dry up quick and the colors are not bright against the black paper . Usually I am quiet happy with Crayola 's products but these markers deffinately did not live up to the advertisement .
 These are cute horses , but they are not the traditional size horses as indicated in the product description . I am returning them .
 Cloud 's Legacy includes four poorly made horses . Within minutes two of the lower legs of Cloud 's broke off . The others are made of the same cheap , flimsy plastic material too . I am saddened and disappointed because this was a gift to my grandaughter . I contacted the vendor and they said they would send me a return label and a credit for my purchase if I took back my review . I do not like the way they do business.The holiday gift giving season is approaching . Please do not by these horses as a gift . I do not believe that mine was the only one that was defective . They were made very cheaply in China . That must be why the horses legs fell apart .
 Where do I begin ? First off ... the near side front legs on the Cloud , Sitka & Flint models are extremely crooked . It looks like the horses were in some kind of freakish accident . The models can only be displayed from the off side -LRB- and even at that they do not look great -RRB- ... they look awful from the front . The Cloud & Sitka model 's near side views are hideous . Half of Sitka 's near side front hoof is missing , the leg does n't even connect in a natural way to the shoulder , unless the horse is meant to look like a truck smashed its near side shoulder and leg . The crooked front leg on Cloud is quite clear from the near side view , and the off side hip is just weird looking . Cloud 's coloring is way off , and the eyes are sloppily painted . Also , the adult horses have a much lighter frame than the actual horses in the documentary . Cloud 's head is sleek and fine-boned , very unlike the actual Cloud . Also , the quality of the molding material is junky . All of the legs flex with just a bit of pressure , leading me to believe the deformities will worsen with age.I have several old 15-20 + year old Classic models . The old models , while not quite as nice as the Traditionals , were nicely painted and made from a hard plastic resin . The legs are straight and the hooves were a natural shape . The horses ' overall conformation was believable . Apparently Breyer takes little pride in its work these days since Breyers used to be made as models , for display and collecting , not just cheap throwaway toys .
 the baby grey horse is nothing like the picture it shows of him by himself . they are like the group picture so we were disapointed . the paint on the yellow horse is a bit too yellow for a real horse . not the nest breyer horses to get !!
 These horses are expensive , relatively . They are DARLING ... butI would think if you bought these , you could PLAY with them , maybe carefully , but nonetheless , play with them.I am quite afraid that the legs will break in no time.I bought another set of these BREYER horses , smaller , and the FIRST time my granddaughter touched them , and she was very careful , the leg broke , snapped right off.Of course , I am sure they are from CHINA . When will mfrs . come back to the USA and make something of quality.MADE IN CHINA translates into MADE OF JUNK ... Very disappointing . BREYERS was always a good company .
 This bear is tiny ! I guess what do you expect at 10 '' , but it 's seriously itty bitty . I picked up several for upcoming baby showers and it will be perfect for that , but I would n't expect much from this toy to be honest . I love Melissa & Doug stuff , but this looks rather cheaply made for them , and I 'm glad I got it for a real steal when Amazon lowered the price . Had I paid `` retail '' of $ 12.99 or whatever they 're asking , it would definitely be going back . Would not suggest purchasing this .
 I guess I should have read the fine print , but when I saw `` paint pen '' I thought it would be like previous paint pens I 've had.I bought this product to mark numbers on handheld radios and the `` paint '' is so transparent on plastic it 's virtually invisible.I tried it on fabric just for fun and the color was extremely dull.Wasted my money , should have gone for a trusted brand like Sharpie .
 I 'm an adult and I 'm struggling . I ca n't imagine what this would be like for a kid . I had over 200 hatchlings . I 'm down to about 60 at first molt . They eat wingless fruit flies . These may/may not be sent with the mantises and there may/may not be an extra charge . Whether you get them or buy them , the supply is woefully inadequate . I started buying them at PetCo where 20 live flies are $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . The mantises can eat three flies a day each . I then paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for stock , growth medium , and breeding chambers to grow the flies - which take up to a month to produce a new generation of flies , and that 's turned out to be another worthless , expensive nightmare . Fruit flies can eat fruit - but only when it 's rotten . Rotten fruit stinks and gets moldy . Both flies and mantises can die from that . The mantises need to be indoors where it 's warm , as do the flies so you ca n't just put the parts that stink outdoors . The live food that these guys need , and the food that the food needs , is a whole level of complexity and expense you may not be ready for . Finally , it is suggested that you separate the mantises into their own little mantis condos since they eat each other - especially if you do n't have and abundance of other food for them to eat . I was fortunate to find small plastic jars . That still leaves me cleaning , adding a water source , and adding flies to dozens of containers . I spent nearly four hours Friday night cleaning everybody up and swapping out the fruit I 've been using for the flies . A horse would be less work ! You can treat this casually and basically kill all your mantises , and I suppose that would be a learning experience . If you want to come out of this with happy , healthy , full grown mantises , even a couple , you 're going to pay a lot of money and do a lot of work . You may want to try the butterflies !
 You have to pay extra for the critters ! I think the cost of the kit , toy , etc. is even over priced ! Then to pay more for the insects is a rip off !! Someone is sure making money on this one !
 The box `` Butterfly Kit - Raise your own live butterflies Watch and learn about life cycles ! '' is false advertising . It contained only the habitat NO LIVE material ! Worse than that , the kit is useless -- the zipper does n't work at all!Fascinations GreenEarth Butterfly Kit
 I wish I had read the reviews here first !! For the price , I thought the butterfly garden would be a complete package . It 's not . Plan on spending even more money to get the caterpillars to grow into butterflies . And plan on getting your own food to feed them through the process . If you have a collapsable laundry basket , just use that . That 's all you get for the price . On the plus side , the included black-n-white booklet about butterflies is kind of interesting . That part 's worth about 50 cents .
 The product information on the box of the butterfly kits is misleading . The contents of the kit lists a coupon for live caterpillars . But when you open the box there is not a coupon , only an order form to purchase caterpillars at an additional charge . There are other companies that sell kits shipped with live caterpillars for a lower price . When contacting the maker of the product , customer service representatives were not at all willing to resolve the issue . They offered no explanation for the deception on the box and refused to work with me .
 I ordered this kit and was excited when I received it BUT there was no coupon for caterpillars inside ! I sent it back and Amazon kindly sent me a new one right away . Now that I have the coupon for caterpillars , I realize that it cost $ 12 MORE if I want the caterpillars . Let me get this straight - I spent $ 20 for a tiny laundry hamper and now I have to spend almost that much just to get the good stuff ??? I should have read all the information because now that I have , I realize that there is a Butterfly GardenInsect Lore Live Butterfly Gardenthat only charges $ 3 for the caterpillars . This was such a ripoff and not a good experience .
 Praying mantis ' are really cool , so I bought this praying mantis kit . It has been about 3 weeks and it still has n't hatched !! It says . . and I quote
 I returned this item as it was not what I had ordered . Amazon quickly provided a prepaid shipping label and promptly credited my account .
 I was glad that this was sent to me instead of my in-laws , where I had meant to send it . I was so disappointed that I bought my in-laws something else bcause I was embarresed to give them this product .
 I bought this trailer along with the logging truck and it does n't have the same type hitch as the logging truck . Maybe it hitches to the farm equipment . Amazon by showing the logging truck and trailer together gives the impression that they are designed to be used together , they are not . Does n't deserve the one star rating .
 I contacted Amazon directly , as well as the manufacturer of this machine , FunRise toys , and both assured me that it came with legs reaching the floor as the picture shows . However the description does not mention them , and lo and behold , they were NOT included when the machine arrived at my home . It is much cheaper than the larger model , but if you need a machine that reaches the floor , think again before getting this one .
 This puzzle was bought for my toddler who is now nearly 2 . While he does play with this one , he quickly tires of it for the following reasons : - The pices dont `` fit '' into their slots like other puzzles we have purchased from the same company . In other puzzles . the pieces fit into the slot fully . This one , not so and my son is trying to push it into its slot without knowing , naturally , that the piece does not go into the slot fully to make the board totally flat.-Two
 This is such a beautiful puzzle and my toddler loves it . I bought it thinking I could help him learn the alphabet but the puzzle pieces are not really shaped like the alphabet and the picture on the puzzle peice is dustracting from the letter it is supposed to represent . Otherwise a great puzzle for older kids .
 I ordered 2 of these for my grandchildren because I had so much fun with them growing up . I was disappointed because they are smaller than they used to be and the lines you draw are too fine . They do n't erase as easily either . I would love to find the original etch a sketch but I 'm afraid that does n't exist anymore .
 Not like the Etch A Sketch I remember as a kid . Sure it looks the same and feels the same . Does not draw with the same intensity . When you go to erase the image , the image does not erase completely . The lines are still there ...
 They do n't make 'em like they used to . I bought Etchasketch # 1 at a local store for my child a few years back , then it stopped working , you could n't see the `` cursor '' thing . And one of the knobs fell off . I thought this version would be an upgrade . It lasted all of 1 day , then began to fade , and by day 2 was completely broken.As the poet once said , `` There 's an old saying in Tennessee -- I know it 's in Texas , probably in Tennessee -- that says , fool me once , shame on -- shame on you . Fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . `` Nuff said .
 I bought the Etch A Sketch for my 2 year old grandson thinking he would have fun watching the lines being drawn on the screen . The Etch A Sketch I remember as a child had a strong , thick , dark line when I drew on it . I could easily tell where I was and where I wanted to go.The line on this new Etch A Scetch is barely visible ! I can hardly see it myself . My grandson was unimpressed and almost immediately lost interest . And like another reviewer mentioned , what line you do have wo n't shake out ! What a disappointment ! I should have purchased him another Savings Bond . Next time I will shop retail so I can try it out first hand .
 Once again , they do not make toys like they used to . My daughter opened this for Christmas , and I showed her how to draw . The line barely showed up , and was hardly noticeable . Trying to keep her attention since the faint lines did not impress , I thought I could excite her by shaking it to erase ... Oh but it did n't erase ... maybe I need to shake it some more ... maybe shake it a little harder ?? ... Nope , it left the lines even with vigorous shaking . It is now in a return box . I will not be buying it again or asking for a replacement . I wish I still had my old Etch a Sketch to give her ! I am rating the fun factor low too , because it is more frustrating than fun . If it actually worked properly , I could rate this much higher .
 My Kids love etch-a-sketch , but the two we bought were broken right out of the box . You could not see the drawings , they were too faint.We returned them and Amazon honored the return right away .
 Some of the other reviewers were right , the toy we received drew lines so faint you have to go back over them . Very disappointed .
 I too remember 21 years ago when I was 6 , moving across country in our sedan and the only entertainment we had were our etch a sketchs , crayons and books . My parents found some games you laid over the top of the etch-a sketch screen like race tracks where you had to stay in the lines , or dot to dots , and we had a blast . The new etch as sketches are HORRIBLE . I 've been buying the mini ones for my two older sons -LRB- 4 and 3 years old -RRB- for the holidays and they 've been great , old quality style , so I got the big ones expecting the same and did n't get it.Like everyone else has said , the lines are very faint if they show up at all and they do n't erase at all . They ca n't see what line they 're on and they 're just plain frustrating . They even feel cheap , there 's no weight to them and the dials are very loose . If you want an old style etch a sketch , get the mini holiday print versions some stores sell in their seasonal departments for Easter and Christmas . They work , but unfortunately you have to sacrifice size .
 This is just a note to say that I hope everyone who is reading these reviews looks closely to see that the reviewer HAS ACTUALLY PURCHASED THE ITEM ! Apparently a lot of old people have time on their hands to write reviews of products they had as a child . THIS IS NOT THE ETCH-A-SKETCH OF 50 YEARS AGO ! It is not helpful to write a review of a 50-year old product when people are trying to decide what to buy today.I , too , was excited for my child to receive the Etch-A-Sketch for Christmas this year . -LRB- Yes , we actually received THIS PRODUCT ! -RRB- Unfortunately , this item is defective and should not be purchased by anyone . As reviewed by several others WHO ACTUALLY OWN THIS PRODUCT , the lines are too faint AND DO N'T EVEN ERASE . This is a complete piece of junk and a waste of your money ! No child will play with this new version of the Etch-A-Sketch . Did you understand that IT DOES N'T ERASE!I wish I had ordered mine from Amazon , so I could return it , but we got it for a gift . After this review , I plan to contact the manufacturer and demand a refund . Or perhaps they have another product that works . But this one does not .
 The trace is very thin , the lines almost no detectable . Very bad quality because the wheels stuck all the time
 This is my first one star review . I was extremely disappointed in this toy . The beads which look very nice , are colorful and different shapes . The unfortunate part is that they are hollow making it impossible for a toddler to insert the plastice needle through the bead . The needle must be perfectly straight to lace it through the beads . They are advertised as easy tohold and easy to thread but that was not the case .
 As said in another review , these beads are very hard to play with as they are `` empty '' . When you try to put the lace in , it is hard to find the other end of the bead . I returned them .
 This paint received was a gelatinous , unusable mess . Ruined a valentine project with my daughter . I even tried thinning it down to no avail , there were still nodules of red gooeyness . Very disappointing ! It would proably cost me more to return in shipping , since it s a low-price item .
 I had high hopes for the quality of the game as a coffee table/conversation piece . However the quality of the construction does not appear to match the description . the `` lustrous stained finish '' turned out to not apply to the inner grooves which were only were partially and unevely stained . I have n't discovered the brass fittings mentioned in the description either '' Though the game is fully playable if you overlook the cosmetic issues .
 We had grandma purchase these for the kids after they were featured in one of my parenting magazines before Christmas . It looked like a great bath toy and the kids love bubbles . What a total disappointment ! We 've tried all the different soaps and even emailed the company that makes it because I was sure there must be a piece missing . Thats how few bubbles the thing produces . International Playthings responded that we need to keep the cup submerged in the water but not the handle for it to work ; that does n't work either , I tried it with 3 different soaps that way . Now I have to get the order number from my mother-in-law and try to return these - what a hassle on top of being a poor toy .
 I thought this would be a great addition to our tub toy collection , I was wrong . It does n't work !!!! We tried shampoo and baby wash in it and there was no `` mountain of bubbles '' . This product does n't work , save your money !!!
 We own two of these -LRB- stocking stuffers for Christmas -RRB- and we have tried a ton of different soaps , shampoos and bodywashes all with the same result . No more bubbles than if they had just swirled their hands through the soap . We 're disappointed , but they still like cranking the handles even if nothing really happens so it 's not a total loss , just do n't expect it to make bubbles !!!
 The idea of the sudser was really neat , but in reality it is difficult to use . The age min . said 18 months , but that is far from accurate . My two year old could n't make it work and my four year old gave up on it because there was not a significant amount of bubbles produced . I am disappointed because I just expected it to be cooler and more exciting to them , with cost and shipping $ 16 is a lot for a dud of a toy , especially a bath tub toy !
 We tried adding the soap and turned the handlle '' really fast '' but it still dosent do much ???
 This looked like so much fun when we first opened up the box . In the tub , the kids could not get it to work . I tried and also could not get the `` mountain of bubbles '' to appear . After wasting half a bottle of soap , we had two very disappointed kids and a disgusted grandma . The real old-fashioned egg beater would do a better job .
 Trucks were to be a gift , but they looked cheaply made and did not seem to be worth the money . I decided to return them .
 He has no interest in playing with this at all , the colors are dull just does not catch the eye of a toddler .
 I bought this for my 11 month old an returned it the next day . My child 's fingers twice got stuck in cement mixer cab . He simply grasped the toy from the top and pushed it around the floor . The window of the cab is big enough for fingers to go inside , but too small for them to come out . After 10 minutes , he had done this twice , both times resulting in pain and a lot of crying . This toy is not good for little hands .
 I have the same review listed under `` Phlat Ball XT Fabric Cover '' . I felt that since it is also a `` Time Delay '' that it belongs here as well.I have an 8 year old son . He was so excited when I told him he could buy one of these at our local store . It cost him $ 12.00 with tax . That is a month 's worth of allowances for him . He was so disappointed when it would n't change from flat to a ball.His older brother -LRB- 20 years old -RRB- and older sister -LRB- 16 years old -RRB- helped him . They read the instructions . It would n't work . It would only change to a ball if it hit the ground . The package says `` Throw a disc ... catch a ball ! '' It also says `` Pops into a ball at random ! '' The `` at random '' part is the thing you have to worry about . It also says `` Time-Delay performance may be affected in wet , sandy , or dusty conditions . '' We were n't in those conditions . It is n't reliable . It just is n't fun.I just wanted to help anyone who is considering getting one of these for their child .
 The product works as advertised but it is neither a good ball nor a good frisbee so after the novelty of going from flat to ball wore off the kids stopped playing with it . Maybe the dog will like it .
 I thought this puppet would really sing the songs . Instead it makes a somewhat irratating noise for each note . If you do n't know what song it is `` singing '' , it does n't sound right because you have to know the beat or rhythm of the song . I have purchased a dog about a year ago that sings a love song by the Carpenters when you move the mouth it sings a phrase at a time . I guess I had different expectations for this little cat.On the Pros side - it is cute and a durable toy .
 This Papa minky was a huge disappointment . They advertise it as 54 '' tall -LRB- 6 '' larger than their previous largest teddy bear -RRB- but the fact of the matter is that it is only 44 '' tall . Upon contacting the manufacturer , they did not want to help me and they mentioned it is a `` custom measurment '' ??? and it is measured diagonally !!! We are not talking about a tv screen here ! and when someone mentions 54 '' tall , it is usually assumed it is going to be foot to ear ! The second thing is that , they did not fill it it properly . At the waist , if i put it between my two fingers , there is no filling what so ever which makes it even shorter because the waist kind of bends . Sitting , it is barely 2 feet tall . I found bigger toys for $ 10 at our local flea market . Great disappointment . I am extremely pleased with the JUmbo Minky version which was massive and well worth the money . Just make sure you have space !!
 I hated these bugs . They were chintzy . One of them even broke right away . I bought them because of all of the great reviews they got , but there are so many better clip on 's out there . I ended up buying another brand that my little one loves . Bigger , better quality and more enjoyable . Do n't waste your money on these .
 I was not nearly as impressed with this as the other reviewers . I have only just today started using them , so time will tell how baby feels about them , and that is what really counts , I guess . As for me , I was unimpressed as soon as I took them out of the box . It just bugs me -LRB- pun intended -RRB- when a product does n't look as good as the pictures on the box . Also , one of the bugs is shown on the box with little beads in its clear plastic tail that supposedly rattle . Well , not only are the beads packed in there too tight to rattle , but there was a thin yellow fabric covering the tail that almost completely obscured them from view . I suppose that second layer of material was added as a safety precaution to keep the beads out of baby 's mouth should the clear plastic material split . Begging the question , why would you put small beads in a toy that children can get in their mouths ? I would have returned them to the store , but my curiosity got the better of me and I cut the yellow fabric off the one bug to see what the deal was . Now I am not comfortable letting him play with that one since it seems there is a potential hazard . Well , at least they are only $ 8.99 , and if he likes them , great . But I 'm sure there must be a better product out there .
 After reading all the reviews , I registered for the Bugs on Board . But my son just seems bored w / the bugs . He 's had them since he was a month old , and now at 3 months , he acts like he does n't even see them on his carseat . I thought he would be more interested in them like the babies in the reviews , but I guess these just did n't do anything for him .
 On of the bugs already broke and though they are colorful they are cheaply made . Would n't buy them again .
 My 51/2 month old just started noticing and playing with the ladybug from the group about 1 week ago . Today the ladybug 's head came off in his hand . Luckily I was right there to grab it out of his mouth . If that was n't bad enough - the pouch the squeaker is enclosed in -LRB- a very flimsy mesh -RRB- ripped open and came out pretty easily with a very gentle tug . Please make sure to check the toys yourself before giving them to baby .
 I wanted to buy another set of these for my niece , but when I saw them I was disappointed . These must be the new version of Bugs on Board . The original ones , which my daughter has , are SO much cuter . Primary colors , bright , interesting with rattles , crinkles , squeaks and mesh to feel beads inside them . EVERY one of them has crunchy wings , big antennas and cute faces . these new faces look spooky . ours include a bright red ladybug , a purple and orange flying bug , and a grasshopper . going to buy something else . these drab bugs are n't very interesting .
 My two-month-old did n't like being in his car seat so I bought the bugs for the car seat bar after reading all the great reviews . I 'm sure these cute bugs work for some kids , but my son was not interested in the least . They 've been on his car seat for two weeks now and it 's not made a bit of difference in his fussing in his car sear . I 'm still on the search for something that holds his attention .
 I registered for these `` bugs '' online , so I did n't actually see them until I opened them at my shower . They are scary looking ! Naturally , they went back to the store !
 My cousin got this , and when I went to her house they looked disgusting . My mom was playing with them and my cousin , and the heads sprang off ! My cousing has been tramatized ever since ! NEVER BUY THIS CRAP !!!
 As a 1/144 scaled model , it is impossible to expect anyone to pay almost a grand for it . Most 1/144 models , even though almost all of them are imported , rarely rise above thirty-five dollars and are more commonly bought for about twenty bucks at any local anime store or online . The larger 1/100 scale are just shy of $ 100 in most cases , and even the 1/66 scaled models -LRB- usually perfect grade -RRB- top out at around $ 300 . This product 's price is just insane .
 This product was a waste of money . I had hoped that it would be similar to the models in the gundam wing series , with many points of articulation , i.e the knees , elbows , hands , and feet bend and/or move . But I was sadly mistaken , only the head , shoulder joints , and hip joints actually move and the overall quality of the materials they used in creating the model seems sub-par .
 the cars were varied and plentiful for the price . The down side was the weels no ruber plastic wheels which prevent the cars from rolling well and very thin axels which bend easy . However the cars were purchased for a two year old they had no removable parts so are safe and provided hours of distraction for the two year old .
 Easy enough build , all cardboard construction . The many different fin configurations is cool but the totally useless decal set was disappointing .
 Cheap plastic cars not worth the price . . instead I would buy Hot wheels cars and make a collection . . hot wheels are a dollar each . . and if I spend 50 bucks i can 50 of them good cars from hotwheels or match box
 My daughter and I tried this product on two different occasions and it never worked .
 I do n't think they sanded these at all . They are not smooth finished and are much smaller than I expected .
 Not worth $ 12-doesn ' t even have a cover for the paper box the checkers came in.Also made of some very light-weight -LRB- cheap -RRB- wood .
 These are attractive pieces , but please note the warning that came on the package
 The car stopped working after 10 minutes running time !!! The motor started smelling like it was on fire !!! My daughter was very disappointed about her Christmas toy . Made me feel really bad for her . I guess the motor was n't able to handle such a big car . So if you think you want to get one of these cars think again . Now we got a large item that will just sit somewhere . . not something fun to play with . Not a good buying experience . Should have not left a feedback until after christmas . I went on blind faith that the car was going to run that was a mistake on my part . I really hate that I was the one to get the lemon !!! This toy is not Recommended !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . We thought it would be much nicer than what it turned out to be . Definitely not worth the money . Better to buy a real journal and real stationary .
 This 955-Laptop Video Poker Game was purchased from Pachi Paradice through Amazon . Com . The machine did n't work when we received it . I had a hard time finding any information about Pachi because the return address on the package did n't exist and there was no phone number to call in case of a problem . The only contact I had from Pachi Paradice was when I put in a bad review about their service and product . It took about two weeks for the product to be picked up after I sent two emails complaining . I was told by Pachi that their only responsibility was to send me another adapter for the machine and that they filled their obligation which is untrue . I asked for confirmation that it had been sern and never received an answer . When the machine was picked up I was told that the 955-Video Poker Machine had been recalled and that Pachi Paradice knew of the recall and was selling the machine anyway . I paid $ 121.08 for the machine and got a refund for $ 86.24 . They do n't refund shipping and charge a 25 % restocking fee for something that does n't work . Pachi Paradice seems to have an answer to all their problems but most of their answers are untrue . I have already sent a complaint to the Consumer Protection Agency an am going to continue to pursue every avenue I have to get a FULL refund .
 Received RecZone Laptop Poker -LSB- Laptop Touchscreen Poker -RSB- for Xmas . When plugged in , the whole thing would not stop blinking . Returned item for exchange . Received new item to find it not only blinked constantly , when it timed out , it would not restart without unplugging and jiggling cord , thus losing existing score . When it tried to pay out higher amounts , it stuck unless you kept pressing the deal/draw button . Finally having to return for a refund , as they are cute , but nothing but junk .
 The laptop video poker game was sent to us with Instructions and a car adapter missing . Once plugged in to play the game the display had missing numbers and or the card letters . Trying to return the item the sellers street address was incorect.The seller has not contacted me yet for a complete refund.I do not recommend this seller to anyone.I am seeking Amazon 's help.Touch Screen Travel -LRB- Laptop -RRB- Poker
 Do not waste your time or money on this game . It is a piece of junk . It does not work correctly , for example
 the unit keeps collapsing . The touch screen is awkward to use . sometime it works when you tape the screen other times it does n't , you have to touch it just right . You can plug it in , put if you do n't , it will eat batteries . The cheaper , hand held units are more fun and a lot easier to use .
 This was purchased as a gift for my Valentine . Would not recommend this product at all . Returned item . Was not worth the money . Pleased with Amazon 's return process though .
 Well first off I am a big fan of copaq cards but this set let me down big time the black deck is warped very badly the plastic insert tab was pushed so far down it marked the cards on the edge this espn poker nights setup was a waste of money I even bought a another set from a local poker shop to test them same thing warped and dents all on the cards I still love copaq cards thou .
 We bought this under the impression that it was wearable . There is no verbiage on the box saying something like `` Warning
 I ordered this for my 3-year-old daughter who is obsessed with Dora because she loves the show so much . Unfortunately , the `` backpack '' we received with the games in it is not the actual Backpack from the show as is pictured . It was a very small plastic backpack with a screened on picture of Dora and Boots . Nice enough to hold the card games , but not what I thought I was getting .
 this was our son 's only requested gift . he loved it , but after two days it stopped working properly . we returned it for a new one and again after a few days it did n't work . we returned it and got our money back .
 My 3-year-old twins like this toy , but it is difficult to use -LRB- wo n't always snap back down -RRB- , and it frequently stops working . Usually turning it off and on again fixes it , but not always . I 'm surprised something this buggy got to market .
 I purchased this truck as a Christmas gift . As a parent of 5 children -LRB- boys ages 12 , 10 , 8 and 2 and one girl age 2 -RRB- I was happy to see how much they enjoyed it.But by New Years Day it was done for . We changed the batteries and nothing . My children are so disappointed and heartbroken.Just a total shame.I would n't recommend this truck to anyone .
 This is such a cool toy . My 5 year old begged for this over and over again . It was the number one thing on his Christmas list last year . It is very inconsistent . Half the time , if not more , King does n't pop out which is the best feature of the toy . I hope they do something to fix the design problems because it would be fun . Within six months it was malfuctioning .
 Assembly was very easy , until I tried to put the top tray on the base . The screw pegs did not match up ... not even close !! It appears as though they mixed up components from a different model ? Unfortunately , Christmas is just a couple of days away !! I am not a happy camper , but I feel worse for my daughter . I just read another review by someone who had the same issue .
 The nursery center that arrived had already been opened and had an old shipping label on the box . I called the seller , with my concerns , noting that something might be missing or wrong with it and thus the reason it had been returned . They said since it had been previously opened , they did n't want it back . Gave me a FULL REFUND and told me to keep it . Which was great ! Until I put it together . The top part -LRB- counter -RRB- did not fit the bottom part -- the holes were in very different places . They belonged to two different models and this explains why it had already been returned once . Shame on them for trying to sell it again.I suggest getting it out of the box and putting together AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE IT . I was able to modify the nursery center with my husband 's jigsaw and drummel tool so that we can use it , but I 'm guessing most people would have just returned it . Also , some of the little bottles have glued on lids and really small items that can pop off , so use common sense in what you allow your daughter to play with . Other than this , it is a great little baby station . Not monstrously huge , but a good size and very entertaining .
 Bought it . Unstrapped it from the myriad of twisted wire and plastic restraints . Plugged the helicopter into the charger and ... nothing . It would never charge and was n't functional at all . We 're shipping it back .
 ... the item you will recieve is n't the one pictured ... the description list this as a two piece phone ... judging by the picture the roofcomes off revealing the dial pad and the roof serves as the microphone and speaker ... however ... what you get is a ONE PIECE PHONE ... with the whole content of thecar in the palm of your hand ... with the dial pad located on the under carriage ... not anything you ` ld want to have a lengthy conversation on ...
 I was very excited to buy the pirate ship for my grandson , who had just returned from Disney Land . I am 72 so I 'm not too good with new toys , but I did n't think it would be hard . He was very excited , however , we could n't get the masts up and down or the two figures to work . We studied the pictures , there were no instructions . He only comes about once a month , and I was hoping to figure it out by the next time he comes .
 I was very excited to buy the pirate ship for my grandson , who had just returned from Disney Land . I am 72 so I 'm not too good with new toys , but I did n't think it would be hard . He was very excited , however , we could n't get the masts up and down or the two figures to work . We studied the pictures , there were no instructions . He only comes about once a month , and I was hoping to figure it out by the next time he comes .
 We have purchased several Imaginext toys for our 3 year old son and so far they all have been great . Up till now we have been very satisfied and they all have been a lot of fun and function perfectly . Sorry to say but we are not very impressed with the pirate ship . Great idea but it is very limited in what `` it dose '' and the few functions that it has do not work very well . I think that they could have done a better job in the design and could have made it so that it would be a lot more fun and functional . We bought the Research Boat at the same time and it is A LOT BETTER . The pirate ship just sits while the other boat gets played with everyday . Would not recomend this as a primary toy and would instead buy the Reasearch Boat .
 The suggested retail price on the Fisher-Price website is $ 36 ... it is listed on Amazon for $ 179.99 -LRB- why I rated 1 star overall -RRB- ! My son has one that we bought for around $ 30 at Target over the summer and he loves it .
 I thought for thirty dollars I was getting the i-dog with the chill purple set . I can not believe you would sell that knit set for that much money . I returned it immediatley .
 Based on the Product FeaturesKeep the music playing with this portable pooch that plays back through his built-in speaker or your headphonesI-DOG comes with dual-plug cable and Chill outfit , which includes sweater , scarf , socks , hat and ear warmers -LRB- NOT TRUE -RRB- I-DOG works with most portable and non-portable electronic audio devicesI-DOG entertains you with electronic lights , movements and sounds based on the music you playRequires 2 AA batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- For ages 8 + yearsYou would assume that the Idog would come with this . However it does not and now my daughters Christmas present is a SWEATRER set for an IDOG she does not have !!! This should say IDOG not included !!!
 I ordered this for one of my grandsons . It appeared from the ad that I would receive the I-dog and the outfit . What I got was just the outfit . Does me no good without the dog ! Returned it to Amazon .
 The moment I saw the box on the front porch it screamed CHINA . I could tell by the dent on the side of the box that there would be damage . Once I opened the box and saw the subset of two boxes inside along with the MINIMAL styrofoam , I knew there would be damage.I opened the table box and the first thing that I saw was the corner of the table dented and the pressed wood was separating.I ordered this , the rocking chair and the storage chest . After reading the one honest review for the storage chest I came to the realization that whoever called this heirloom quality may have been paid to leave their response . I 'm still not completely sure how you `` carve '' pressed wood.Initially I ordered a replacement but considering the lack of packing I have no idea how this could ever arrive to anybody undamaged.I 'd rather have something made of solid wood that will hold up to the abuse of the projected user .
 I bought this mobile to match the bedding , and it looks cute ... but after only a few weeks of using it , the mobile is already off tune ! I am very disappointed in the quality .
 i received 3 of the talking golem figures and 1 tree ... not what i ` d call happy . however , your overall satisfaction is far better than any other distributer out there . can we fix this ? much thanks , mr.mccoy smccoy714@aol.com
 The eyes are pretty creepy ... not a very friendly face ... more like a horror movie doll ! He is not soft and a child ca n't cuddle it like how stuffed toy should be . It seems more mechanical than anything else ... obviously it is mechanical but if the company is going for realistic ... this is not it !
 My friends 5 year old daughter told me she wanted this for her birthday . After reading all the negative reviews , I will not be buying it for her , I 'll be buying her something else . Someone else can waste their money on it and watch the little girl be disappointed . Thanks to everyone that told the truth , I will not be buying this toy .
 These past 5-star reviews do n't seem to be too realistic or honest . I purchased this toy for my niece because it seemed adorable and because it had good reviews here at amazon . But I tried it out and ended up returning it before even giving it to her because it had too many problems . I found 6 dissapointing flaws with this toy , and listed them in order starting with the worst and going down to the not-as-bad problems .1 -RRB- First of all , it 's completely unhuggable . He 's kinda hard and they probably should have added a layer of something really soft under his fur to cover up the hard structure underneath . You ca n't cuddle with him , hug him , or carry him like you would with any other plush or stuffed toy or doll .2 -RRB- When the panda cries/whines for food , and I suppose the polar and the brown bear are also like this , it sounds kinda sad and can get irritating . It 's not at all a cute cry like some baby doll toys .3 -RRB- All the Fur Real Friends Luv Cubs seem to have the same problem with their fur - it sheds like crazy . Especially the panda because he seems to be a little more hairy . They end up leaving a lot of fur on your clothes . If you have small children in the house , you should not buy this because it could be dangerous . And I also would n't recommend this toy to people who are prone to allergies or who sneeze easily .4 -RRB- When you place the bottle in it 's mouth , it 's supposed to stop crying and make a slurping noice . But you have to hold his head tightly and PUSH the bottle in so that the mouth 's sensor can realize he 's supposed to be eating now .5 -RRB- He 's supposed to pretend to hold the bottle when you feed him because his arms are supposed to close up and his paws are supposed to touch the bottle , but his paws do n't even come close to touching the bottle .6 -RRB- The battery compartment is a little hard to undo because you have to take out both screws . It 's hard to get the batteries in because it 's hard to reach , and the on/off switch is also hard to reach.The kids and/or grownups have to really learn how to get it to do it 's noises and reactions so that the kids could play with it . And it was pretty easy to learn , but I never did get it to play peek-a-boo , or maybe it did but it just did n't even look like that 's what it was doing . The instruction booklet says your supposed to wait till it covers it 's eyes to be able to get it to start to play , but it hardly ever covered it 's eyes , and when it did , it did not respond to the button I pressed like the instructions said it would . I did n't know what to rate it 's durability because I only had it for a few days , so I just gave it a two since I ended up not liking this toy . But the fun and educational value definitely deserved only one star . Overall I gave it two stars , because it was cute when he snores , burps , hiccups , and slurps . But besides that , there 's really not a whole lot of reasons to buy this . This toy is not as realistic as it 's advertised to be . And there are a lot cuter and cozier plush toys out there .
 I totally agree with the reviewer from October 8th ! This bear is not all it 's cracked up to be.I , too , had difficulty installing the batteries . The access opening is not very large , and you must unscrew the shield before actually getting to the battery encasement . Then reattaching the shield is a true juggling act.I could n't get the bear to play peek-a-boo on it 's own
 My son got this for Christmas several years ago when he was 4 and he HATED it . Mind you he is an avid animal lover . We were shocked . However , we could understand why he was afraid ... it was a very weird toy . It made strange noises and it looked like some injured animal ... I ca n't explain it . . but it had a weird sense about it . He never cried over it ... he just said `` lets donate that to the poor children '' ... so we got the hint . He never once went near it ... always asked for it to be out of the room and in a closet with the batteries taken out . Too realistic and scarey . My advice ... check it out in a toy store first and try it for yourself.Best of luck .
 My son received this as a Christmas present and within minutes , half of the pins were busted open and the little balls were rolling everywhere . They are a perfect size for a choking hazard too ! Had to toss this one and just keep the bowling ball . Save your money !
 The lid wo n't close properly so all ants escaped from it -LRB- good for ants , I guess -RRB- . We were n't able to get any use of it ...
 Looks cool , but we 've had no success in Miami . Maybe the temperature or humidity or wrong type of ants ? Each time we put ants in , they die within 3 days . My son does n't want to try a 3rd time as he feels we are murdering the ants -- and I guess he is right . One note , the instructions and booklet and skimpy and less than informative -- maybe part of the problem.Guilty in Miami
 I will never purchase another Uncle Milton product . Poor customer service ! Continually put you on hold , cant answer your questions , tell you to email question and then never respond to email .
 The Fascinations Antworks came without one of the parts . Contrary to what it said on the Box , it did NOT come with an AC Power core = it 's lighting system is useless ! This was for a birthday gift and it was very embarrasing when they opened it up ! -LRB- I did n't think I 'd have to check inside the box to make sure all the peices were there . -RRB- VERY UNCOOL ! and I 'm very disatisfied .
 After receiving the ants , this product was great for the first 2-3 days then it just went downhill . I should have read the reviews a little more closely , I guess.PROS - Very cool to see them digging away for the first 2-3 days . Kids really got into that . - Very attractive product ... in the beginning.CONS - They stop digging after 2-3 days and then start their master plan of escape , eating the lid instead . - We live in Georgia and humidity inside the enclosure has been a problem . I found that if I did n't turn the light on , this helped . No light = not as exciting . - The booklet says to open the container every couple of days to allow air into the habitat . Since all of ants now have the master escape plan as Priority # 1 , they all rush the opening -LRB- they are fast -RRB- and a couple inevitably escape or get squished by the lid when you scream , `` Holy cow ! '' and try to close it . - The booklet also says that you are supposed to open the habitat and clean out dead ants as they appear -LRB- see previous experience -RRB- . I have been unable to do so because half the `` colony '' would escape . So , now we have dead ants molding at the top of the container . Very attractive . - While my oldest son refers to his pet ants every once in a while , and likes to show it off to the occasional visitor , that 's the extent of the enjoyment at this point . - Now I 'm trying to figure out when the ants are going to be `` released '' to wild so my son wo n't be disappointed.All in all
 CHECK THE SEAL : The lid has a strip of thin white foam that does not quite reach into the edges of the top of the ant farm . This creates a quite large gap for ants to get out . I tried trapping my own ants -LRB- more on that in a second -RRB- and found all 10 were missing in about 10 minutes though it appeared to be completely and tightly sealed . I 'm glad i tested it with small black ants before the 30 stinging harvester ants showed up.CATCHING ANTS
 This was a sad experience for my 11 year old . The ants are shipped from the West , New Mexico I think , and were in bad shape when the arrived . We has some live for a few days . They were too sick to do anything though . I thought this was a really cool product and would be best for someone living in the west or midwest , near the ant source .
 Bought this product for our grandkids . The ants were purchased separately . The ants lasted for about 3 weeks . This is one product that I would not recommend .
 So it does not come with ants , I knew that . But then you have to pay for them -LRB- and shipping too -RRB- When you buy the ants you even have to tell them , after you get the receipt email , when you want them to ship the ants . All in all , not the best system for getting you a complete product . Almost designed so you wo n't order the ants.Oh and half of them were DOA . Not the funniest moment of a 4 year 's birthday gift set up .
 It was an okay product . I enjoyed the display quality for the first couple of day , but it got bad . Here 's a run down of the issues .1 . When I got the ants , ~ 30 harvester ants , at least five were dead . I 'm not sure how you are supposed to remove these dead ants from the habitat , but every attempt was a near disaster with no good outcome . The dead ants eventually rotted into black moldy bodies floating on the gel .2 . Speaking of death , the ants do n't all die at the same time , or on top of the gel . After two weeks , I had dead ants molding in the tunnels . After a month , only four ants were still alive and at least a fourth of the habitat was disgusting . I let those four go , but honestly I hate myself for waiting that long . But , it 's probably best not to anthropomorphize them .3 . The ants hated the gel . They groomed themselves constantly because they were covered in it , and you could see that they could n't quite keep their feet under them .4 . I believe this is what led to the revolt . The bean building hills out of the gel to reach the top of the container . I thought they were finally making some real tunnels , but in fact they were mining for resources to mount an escape . I assume this was because their lives were so miserable.In the end , I had a moldy gel container filled with rotting dead bugs , very few uninteresting tunnels , and a bit of guilt . Next I think I 'll try out those jars with solar power operated fake butterflies in them .
 The problem we are having with Life Studies is that they do not return my calls . We have called numerous times and left polite messages.We received our harvester ants the other day and the vial was crushed and all the ants were dead . As stated before , we have tried numerous times to contact Life Studies to order new ants . We are now taking the problem to the post office ... guessing that the bugs got crushed in mailing.However , it would be nice to have someone from Life Studies to speak with , maybe request the ants to be packaged in a box instead of placing the vial into an envelope that offers no protective support . That being said , our $ $ ant farm is still sitting empty on my daughters dresser .
 We tried several times to get this product to work . We followed all the directions but the ants would only dig a little bit . They all ended up dying . Although it sounds very cool , I would not recommend it .
 If you are considering ordering this or any ant farm , BEWARE!Like other reviewers , I do n't have any remarks to make - positive or negative - about the ant farm , itself . You see , you really ca n't evaluate it WITHOUT ANTS !!! We gave my six year old son this ant farm for Christmas and placed an online order with Life Studies -LRB- the information was included in the box -RRB- on January 1 , 2007 . We did receive a tube of ants on January 17 , 2007 which was a Tuesday after the Martin Luther King holiday weekend . Also , it was an exceptionally cold week , previously . It was not surprising to find that our ants had not survived the trip from Utah to Arizona.However , since Life Studies packaged their ants with a warning that this could happen along with promises that the ants would be replaced , I emailed them that same day . As of February 9 , we still had not received any new ants nor had we heard from Life Studies . I 've tried to call them several times during their office hours but have never reached anything other than their answering machine . Today is March 7 , 2007 and we are still ant-less . I left a message on their machine today but , frankly , I have little hope . Even more frustrating , they seem to be the only game in town . I have n't been able to find anyone else who will supply Harvester ants for ant farms unless I can produce a USDA license.The ant farm is probably great fun but unless we can find a way to capture our own ants , we may never know .
 This product arrived broken . We opened the box and reviewed the information because we knew we had to wait a few days at least to recieve the ants via the mail . What struck me first was the fact that the company that delivers the ants can not send them to Florida . I wish some form of disclaimer was on the discription , maybe there was but I did n't see it . No big deal really , I went into yard to find some and I wrangled up around 25 before having to stop from pure annoyance and a bit of getting bit . I set the farm up and opened it and shook the ants in there . I closed the lid and was excited to watch with my six year old girl . Immediately we noticed ants crawling on the counter going every which way . We thought they were squeezing between the lid because as it ends up I picked up fire ants ... oops ... and there were some very small ones . But loe and behold , there was a crack all the way down the right front side of the thing that was pretty much undetectable before I installed the light on it . The ants were already in there and messing around so I did n't think sending it back was appropriate or worth the hassle . But , in retrospect , the thing cost 25 bucks and I could have gotten something different for my girls on Christmas .
 I did n't send in for the mail order ants , but instead caught my own . Only a couple out of 15 or so survived . It just ended up being kind of gross looking at dead ants that were either stuck in the middle of the gel or brought to the surface by the surviving ants .
 The ants died in the first day . These were active ants who not only died , but there was no trace left behind ? The lid was tight a nd in place an we are still bewildered .
 Do you really want stinging ants to get out into your home?If not do not buy . There is about an inch anda halfspace over the gel in the container so lookingat the product you may think the ants are far enough away from opening of the container and will stay contained . The ants however when they dig carry someof the gel and build it up on the top area . In the instructions you are given it states that the ants need air to live and to openthe container to give them air . however when you do this you are giving them an escape . My son was terrified when some of the stinging ants got out of the container and into his room . I think they need a better design or more space in the top of the unit . Also I know they do not send a queen ant but who 's to say whenthey get out they can not mate with ants in your home . Doyou want stinging ants all over your home ? I 'm guessing not
 This product is not what it seems . It does not come with Ants , you have to order those for $ 5 , supposedly -- but everytime you go to the website to purchase the ants , it says they can not ship regular mail for the next 30 days due to the weather , but they would be happy to ship them to you FEDEX for $ 15 . So , I would expect to pay approx $ 40 for a fully functional ant farm , instead of what is advertised on Amazon !
 Technically this worked like it should but i did n't like the fact that the ant 's are tunneling cause there trying to get out and when you open the top to give them air they all try to escape i think it terrible to see that i fell sorry for them .
 PLEASE TELL ME , WHAT TYPE OF ANT GO TO GEL ?????? I PUT , WHIT MY SON , 3 DIFFERENT TYPE , EVERY ANT DIE , AND DO N'T EAT OR WALK BY BLUE GEL ?????
 My son got this as his birthday gift this August . After put 10 + ants into the container , the next morning they were all gone . And it because the cover does seal completely . I tried it myself and watched the ants easily came out of the container . Now three months later , our house has the ant party everyday !! Terrible toy ! so far I spent several times more money than what the toy costed .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my son . It seems to be ok , BUT the light does n't work !
 I need help from this company and Amazon makes it impossible to reach them or the customer . I have this ant farm and did n't open it until I received the ants . My daughter is studying for a project so we are using it and ca n't stop using it but the light broke the first day . I paid extra for a lighted ant farm and the wiring is n't right . The first day we spent jiggling the wire where it comes into the ant farm and that lasted for a few hours but now it is broke . We have to use a flashlight to see in the gel . I want to get another one and transfer ants because I ca n't just throw everything away to send it back . Please help me fix this issue . Once I see how the company deals with this or Amazon for that matter I will update the feedback .
 The ants for this are $ 5 each batch , which is n't bad unless you live in an area like Phoenix where it 's 120 degrees and the ants arrive dead by mail . I had alot of problems getting live ants to use with this , and NO you do n't get any ants for free . After about 4 months the gel started to melt and came detached from the sides , in the end I ended up tossing the whole thing out .
 I purchased this ant farm to teach my children about the ant colonies and let them watch them build . The problem is that it is very difficult to catch the ants , then once you do . . you try to put them inside the container without the other ants escaping . Some ants died in the process of opening and shutting the container top on them . The ones that did survive never built anything in the gel -LRB- I did put the holes in the gel , the ants just never went into them -RRB- Somehow the ants were able to escape . In my process of catching the ants dirt was also in the mix , so now my gel ant farm is a dirty gel ant farm . -LRB- I know you can wash it , etc -RRB- It is just too much of a hassle . After getting frustrated and reading the book ... to find out what was going wrong ... I realized the gel ant farm makers recommend their ants ... so I guess that is really what I should have done ... purchased their ants along with their gel ant farm . We were all disappointed that we didnt have a thriving ant farm . I think the best solution is the old fashioned dirt ant farm for us ... or order our the ants ...
 Well this sounded like a great Xmas present untill Xmas morning when we realized it didnt come with the ants and shipping costs extra for the ants and is weeks before we see them . This would be a great summer gift when ants are everywhere
 Well we bought this for our 7yr old son for Christmas and a week later we ordered the ants . . The ants arrived in great condition -LRB- only 2 dead -RRB- . We dumped the ants in and waited about 1 day for the tunnels to start . Our family enjoyed watching the ants for about the first month . The ants would make tunnel after tunnel for days , we loved it . But ... . After about the first month all the ants -LRB- who my son named Judy because you could n't tell them about , you had to name them the same name -RRB- seemed to be on the top with all the little balls they had collected from the tunnel digging . . They we noticed the little buggers all around the top of the habitat eating the rubber seal . I could NOT tape the top of the habitat fast enough !! I do n't know what would of happened if we never noticed them eating the rubber seal . . I think this is an awesome thing for learning about ants behaviors and watching them up close . However ... I really think they should have some sort of warning on the box !
 My alomst 5 year old son has ridden this jeep for 17 months now . We are on our 3rd set of wheels . Also the front end sags . This is a notable problem with this style PW Jeep . He rides mainly on concrete . I would recommend getting a different style PW . Like the new F-150 or new Hurricane jeep . . You are going to pay more but wo n't have the front end problem that also causes the front tires to wear out on the insides very early on . The cost in wheels will add up if your child put this thing to constant use . My other son has the Red PW Mustang . The frame is great , but the wheels are starting to split as well . They just are n't made for pavement . I would recommend avoiding this model jeep if you are on pavement and know it will get a lot of use .
 The mobile is adorable and it matches the bedding set well . But you would think that they would make a mobile that would fit all cribs . I got it as a shower gift and set it all up then was disappointed to discover that I could n't attach it to my crib , the thing that attaches it to the crib was not wide enough to fit my crib and it is not adjustable . So it is going back to Babies r Us .
 My 5 year old Son loves Shrek , and a friend bought him the potion playset for his birthday . It was just a little thing , but he enjoyed it so much I went out to buy the castle . Well , I made a mistake ! It looked so nice in the box , and with all the features like trap doors , stairway , secret passages , I thought I was buying the ultimate playset to jarr his imagination . Sadly most of your imaginative energy is wasted trying to find ways to keep the pieces connected , keep it standing etc. . I even reaaranged it in diffrent ways to see if it be more sturdy -LRB- Interlocked the sets , tried different angles , etc -RRB- nothing . If it wasnt for the things it can do , i would say it was a total peoce of junk . My son was happy just playing with the back part pf the castle , with the transformation rooms and trap doors . NOTE *** It looks as though the castle piece with the towers and drawbridge is supposed to somehow connect to the rest of the castle , when in reality , it just sits in front of it , and only looks good from the front . Its useless otherwise , and the little snap on pieces fall off constantly , not to mention it tips over at the slightest vibration.The Drawbridge does n't even do anything ! If you still insist on buying this toy , I would suggest just keeping this piece in the box and forgetting about it , or just using it for display . On the other hand , any Shrek collecter would be thrilled with this , like I said , for display only , as long as they do n't let any little hands play with it !
 My son got this '' toy '' for his 4th Birthday and it is a nightmare ! His 7 year old brother could n't even put it together ! Do not buy this ! It is n't worth a penny !
 My little boy age 4 wanted this toy and was allowed to use his birthday money to purchase it . As soon as I got the toy home I realized after opening the box that this was a BIG waste of money . Trying to be positive , I hoped that once the toy was put together that it would n't be ... Well getting it put together was the first dissapointment , trying to keep it together a bigger dissapointment . This toy is the BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY , it is JUNK , JUNK , JUNK ! Do not purchase this toy . The best part is the Gingerbread man .
 This is about the worst toy I have ever purchased . My nephew has gotten much better quality toys in Happymeals .
 for the price i was slightly disappointed with this product . it is a whole lot smaller than what it appears to be online and i have two kids and my kids have a hard time playing together without totally hurting themselves in there . the other complaint i have about this product is that i have had this thing for only a week and it already has a rip in it . might i add that there were no sharp or rough objects in or around this toy . it was ripped by just my daugter -LRB- who is 11yrs . old -RRB- pulling her younger brother out of it so it can be deflated . i now have to repair the rip so they can continue to play . also it was hell getting shipped over . since there was no overseas delivery we had to ship it to relatives to get it shipped to us and it was extra money and a complete mess . and let me add that the original purchase was already $ 400 dollars . i was happy to see my kids happy for the first few days and now i just wish i could get a refund !! i do not recommend
 This Jump si not good ... it brakes very fast i want my money back ... . It looks nice with the lights but the quality sucks ... do n't buy itKaleida Disco Inflatable Bounce House
 The paint job on this Queen Alien is NOT , I repeat , NOT as detailed as it appears in the pictures above . It honestly looks as if it was dipped into a vat of ugly gray house paint -LRB- with a little bit of black mixed in -RRB- . Please view this product in person before decide if you want to buy it.My recommendation instead of this product
 I bought this set for my son on his birthday and it broke that very day he opened it ! NOT a true diecast . Only diecast on this model was the orange cab . All silver decals , bottom of semi , trailer , and hoe was cheap plastic . I cant beleive I paid this much for such a delicate toy.Regards , Amazon shopper
 I just love this 6 Piece bedding set and all the assessories you can buy as well . However , I found a site that is MUCH cheaper . I bought the set from www.burlingtoncoatfactory.com . Here are the price differences :6 piece crib set burlington -LRB- BLT -RRB- 144.46 vs. BRU 179.99 , lamp base and lamp shade together for BLT 33.96 vs BRU 49.98 , extra window valance BLT 16.96 vs. BRU 19.99 , growth chart BLT 16.99 vs. BRU 19.99,5 piece wall hanging set BLT 21.21 vs. BRU 24.99 , picture frame BLT 11.04 vs. BRU 12.99 , night light BLT 8.49 vs BRU 12.99 , barnyard switch plate BLT 8.49 vs BRU 9.99 , mobile BLT 33.96 vs. 39.99 . I think I have made my point . Just with what I have listed I am going to save $ 75.34 . Hope I have helped you save some money too !
 Jc Penney carries more of the barnyard accesories than Babies R Us does . They have the 3pc . comforter for 129.99 and babies R Us wants 179.99 . The when you buy the lamp at babies r us its 34.99 but you have to buy the lamp shade extra and its 14.99 . So far on just two items I have found that you can SAVE about $ 60 . Although I do n't really recomend registering at Jcpenney . We did but just for our bedding . Theyre baby gear selection I would give a one star because they do n't carry that much.Barnyard was our boy theme and we found we are expecting a girl so we went with Isabella which just happens to be her name .
 This mobile was a great purchase - my son loved it ! However , the warning only states that the risk if stangulation is possible if not taken down when babies are able to get up on all fours . My son was not on all fours yet but managed to pull the mobile down into his crib . The problem was that the pin that connects the mobile to the music box came out . This is a 2 inch metal PIN that was sticking straight up at my son 's face when I walked into his room . Fortunately - he was not injured but he could have lost an eye or pierced his skin . Just be cautious !
 I was n't aware that some mobiles do n't fit all cribs . We have a conversion crib and when we got the mobile , the bars were too wide for it to fit on . Now we 're trying to look for something that will fit . Very cute mobile though , I just wish it would fit .
 I was so excited to receive this as a baby shower present ! Unfortunately I was oh so disappointed when my husband opened it up and we realized it would n't fit the lifetime cribs -LRB- they convert into beds in order to grow with the baby -RRB- . We tried every part of the crib but the circular part that goes on the outside of the crib to hold it in place is too big . With the edging on the crib there just simply is no way to attach it . I love the cute animals and was so sad to have to return it ! I wish the manufacturer would take these tpye of cribs into consideration !
 There are so many things wrong with this product . The size is too big if you do n't have a stand , there are 36 keys and an average piano/keyboads has 88 . The DC is too short , it takes too many batteries . It 's not worth the $ 70 . If you going to spend close to $ 100 on a piano/keyboard , make it worth the money .
 This product was a birthday gift for my son and it does n't work . No , power cord was included so I bought batteries and it still does n't work . I feel cheated !
 I gave this to my 5 year-old son for Christmas and he loves it . It inspired an interest , no obsession , with music . He now takes piano lessons and practices , without being asked , for a least an hour a day . This keyboard has taught him all his chords and he figured out the accompaniments on his own . He would be lost without it . And so would I. Thsi is a great tool for kids and adults to learn on and much more .
 After it working fine for about 2 months , It got to wet one day from the shower head leaking and the radio broke , the clock is broken as well and unable to reset to the correct time . Its a cute idea and the radio sounded crappy when it did work but for the price I expected it .
 I had the volume knob problem . It 's too bad because I got really good reception with it . I have a small screwdriver that I try to turn it up and down with , but I ca n't be sure that it 's turning off anymore because it does n't click .
 This radio is not worth buying . I bought it brand new in the package off ebay and debated whether or not to open it because it is from 2002 . In the end , I opened it and then struggled forever to get the correct time on it -LRB- I followed directions VERY carefully but it honestly just would not co-operate . -RRB- After I finally got the correct date and time on the thing , my favourite station came in decent enough for about 2 weeks until the volume/on/off knob would n't click off and just kept turning around and around . The time still displayed , but I ultimately decided I did n't want to waste 4 batteries on it and promptly removed them -LRB- which required a screwdriver to take out -RRB- and put them in my remote instead . Thumbs down .
 I thought this clock was so cute and loved the price . After only a few weeks of having it , the volume knob just broke off . That knob is also the on/off knob . So now I just use it for the clock , which changes it 's own time whenever it pleases . I heard of a ton of people with the same knob problem .
 I bought this just for the clock portion and it stopped displaying correctly just from the steam in the shower - it never even got splashed . The radio sounds horrible too and gets bad reception
 After trying to put this ship together as a R/C unit . . found it to be not all that easy to do ... the shaft need to be replaced with about 1/8 '' that had to be drilled out so that a bigger shaft could be placed in the struts ... plus made brass rudders with a 1/8 brass plate . put the rec ' as far forward as you can , I also am useing a 1500 car battier to run it all this I placed behind the motor . . to try to keep the weight more center . and placed the Spc in between the bat . and the rec , . . put foam in the bow and over the shaft 's . . just in case it goes down . use 1 servo for the rudders . . put it back over the end of the shafts . . on it side . . to give a front to rear arm moving . . then put two rudder arms one with a L other one is stright . by putting the L on the left . . and arm pointing forward that will hook to the right side should give you your right to left movement . . and having the arm on the L in the middle . . you can hook up better to the servo thats on it side now . But to tell ya the truth it 's truly a pain to get it all right ... I am sure that this boat would look a lot better sitting on the shef ... Oh and if you plan on maken it R/C do n't put the top together till you totally done with every thing else ... so it wo n't get broken ... hope this helps
 First , the model was missing the missing of all pieces , the hull ! the seller told me we had to deal with Lindbergh . Contact with Lindbergh was a joke the company made every excuse to avoid correcting this , even blaming the seller , without seeing item or even knowing who the retailer was . I realized the single customer service person at Lindbergh was the same customer service person on many of the Llyods companies sites -LRB- Llyod is the parent company to Lindbergh -RRB- . This gave me a feeling I was dealing with a VERY small company . So basically im screwed and will never buy anything from a Lloyd Lindbergh again.As far as what I did get the ship is very small compared to the huge box , -LRB- I did have the 1 piece deck that indicated the length -RRB- . Quality was typical Lindbergh , pretty low . My interest was an R/c conversion with major recontruction to make it look acceptible by me.From what I 've read online now I will avoid this item doesnt seem to have a good following.The motor was just thrown in the box which caused all the wires to come off from all the rolling around.Seller = poormaufacturer = very poorquality = fair
 I am almost finished building this exact little model pirate ship . Rigging is next for me to do . I paid $ 20 dollars for my `` Lindberg Jolly Roger '' from Hobby Lobby in Houston , Tx . This particular kit is so tiny that those with vision problems WILL DEFINATELY be cursing Lindberg for compacting this engineering project to an extremely small size . I have built 7 previous Revell kits , all of this quality lot were 21/2 feet to 3 feet long . Much easier building & painting projects , these larger ones ! Never again will I venture to another toy-like 17 inch length over-all -LRB- I measured mine -RRB- model ships , and Lindberg is now DEFINATELY off of my list as a manufacturer of quality model kits.I will be glad to provide clarification to any of the details I give in this review . The main purpose of the review is to let the buyer beware of the extreme disappointment I have for this product .
 this was the worst to put together , the numbered parts were so hard to read I had to buy a magnifying glass to even remotely read the numbers.Iwould not reccomend this product .
 They are n't kidding about he colors may vary disclaimer . I thought that would mean that I may not get the purple/orange pair , but I was hoping the colors would still be gender neutral . Not so . I have two boys and ended up with a pink and purple pair . The swimmies ARE great - I bought a pair a few years ago on vacation for my older son and they have held up really well . That 's why I wanted to get a pair for my one-year-old . I called to try to get a different color and was told that was basically impossible . So , if you really do n't care what color you get I would recommend the swimmies .
 My husband bought this game for me , at my request , for Christmas . I found the suit designations difficult to distinguish . I know how to play bridge and wanted to learn to perfect my game by trial and error . I did not want to use the automatic feature and turned that off but could find no way to keep the gadget from blinking on a suggested card to play.I e-mailed the company days ago , but to this date have not received a reply . Reluctantly I have decided to return it .
 It was soooo bad even the distributor did n't want it back . I know how to play bridge and am computer literate but this hand held is something else .
 I have tried for several weeks to go forward with this game . The hands are not readable for me ! I 'm ready to send it back to you -LRB- if possible -RRB- . Please advise . All I want is a decent bridge handheld game . Could I trade it in for a more playable game?Betty Smoot421 N. 4th StreetLouisiana , Mo. 63353
 My son was very excited and loved this when we first got it . By the end of the day both arrows had split in half and now it sits without being used . It would be nice if they had more durable arrows that came with it or extras that you can purchase . This was not abnormal use that caused them to break .
 The animated figures were actually more expensive than the Mickey Mouse Clubshouse itself and they do n't work right . I regret ever buying this for my daughter . It has no educational value whatsoever . It 's very disappointing for a Disney toy . You 'd expect better quality .
 This toy LOOKS fun , but has many design problems.Accessories are for Kelly , not Barbie . It is very hard to get Barbie to sit in the little chair - she just plops right off ! If you have a textured tub it wo n't stick and the weight of the ` stamps ' on the side make the whole thing just spin unpside down . The blue soap used to ` stamp ' just runs all over when tipped , and it does n't leave stamps on childs hand/body , just a blue blob of soap . Also the tiny accessories in the tray get into the bathwater and you have to fish them all out before you drain tub unless you want them clogging up your drain . MATTEL DID NOT PRODUCT TEST ON THIS ONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I agree it has too many flaws it used to be on my wishlist but now I read the costumer reviews and it doe ` snt even look funand it can not be educational because no kid has a chair in their bath tub
 The comforter is not white as it appears in the picture . It is actually pink .
 This was the number one toy my 5.5 yr old daughter wanted for Easter . She loves playing with Mommy and Daddy 's PDA and this was to be one of her own . The new color one might be better as the Barbie Black and White is too hard to see and not much fun to color . -LRB- Hmmm , shall this be black or ... white ? -RRB- It was also very difficult to figure out what the games were . I got her the Dino cartridge , which she did play with , but since the second day , it 's been on the bottom of the toy box .
 I ordered this toy for my niece 's birthday . She lives 1500 miles away . I took Amazon 's combo suggestion of the Barbie Pixter and the Barbie color fashion show cartridge . Lo and behold , when they arrive , they do n't even WORK together . The cartridge is for a completely different system . Now my sister has to go through a return process because of this and my niece has no birthday present . THANKS AMAZON .
 I bought a Barbie Pixter , black and white format . I have tried to buy expansion software , but have been told that a black and white format will not support color software . I am so disappointed that Amazon and Toys R Us sell a product that has no software available to expand the unit I purchased . I feel that items like this -LRB- including the basic systems -RRB- should not be sold if they can not support any available expansion software , they are basically obsolete .
 I bought this toy for me niece . Amazon asks if i want the Color Barbie Fashion Show with it , so i repied yes . When it arrived i was disappointed to see that the the Barbie Pixter and Barbie Color Fashion show were incompatible even though Amazon pushes them . Terrible job Amazon !
 This toy sux ! I stopped playing with it for 11 months and its already broken , I wouldnt recomend this toy for ayone over the age of 8 , so if you wan na save ur money dont buy this annoying hideous terriblr toy ~
 This is a really boring toy . I fyou still like babrbie this may be fun , but when you grow up you will hate this toy !! I recomend this to 4 year old trough 8 . This toy is so boring -LRB- if u r older than 8 -RRB-
 If you buy this for a Holiday and the next year the girl will be turning 9 I would not buy this toy . Say you buy this for Christmas and your daughter is 8 years old the next year she will be 9 and she will hate this toy ! I got this when I was 8 but I only played with it for 2 months ! I already stuffed it in the bottom of my toy chest !! By : Unanimous
 While my friends -LRB- young and old -RRB- have enjoyed K'Nex products a great deal in the past , the Big Ball Air Tower simply is not up to par . The major problem concerns the orange `` Flexi Tubes '' which , in theory , deliver the balls from place to place in certain parts of the model . As many other reviewers have noted , these things are a gigantic pain to get working properly ; in fact , I would have to rate them as K'Nex 's most ill-advised engineering decision ever . Furthermore , they are held in place by these abominable black plastic brackets which should clip together firmly but do n't . The first time I activated the model , I was appalled
 We bought this KNEX set for our son last Christmas . We bought it even after reading reviews that said that it was too hard to get the tubes in the right position to make it work , thinking `` our son can do it . '' He LOVES KNEX and was so excited to get it . The reviews were right -- it is very frustrating and we never could get it to work really right . I suggest the other sets , especially the rollercoasters .
 I have been an assembler at a certain toy store that shall remain nameless for 5 years . When i was asked to build this toy as a display model , I thought it would be fun and would enjoy it . BUT I DID N'T ! It took me 8 hours and I did n't have enough pieces and it did n't work properly and was destroyed in under an hour . I do not recommend this toy to anyone - any parent - who plans on building this for their child . If you have a child with lots of experiece w / Knex , they might like it , but overall ... its really bad . Do n't buy it . It 's not good . And i 'm not bitter .
 I bought this for my son , who is almost 12 years old . He has many other K'Nex sets -LRB- roller coasters , space station , dragster ... -RRB- and this one , for how much it costs , its not worth the money . When you finally build it , -LRB- it took him about a day -RRB- it wants to fall over . It does n't do what it says , with the balls falling where they are supposed to . We are actually contacting K'Nex corporate to see if they would be willing to trade it in for another set . I would NOT recommend buying this . The rollercoasters are much more fun , and the kids do n't get so frusterated putting them together .
 Do n't let the hype fool you . My 9 year old received this toy for Christmas and was disappointed by a weak ball motor . For the price - I 'll stick with a well known brand next time .
 I think this K'nex set is horrible . This is the worst set K'nex has ever made . After I built it it was leaning over and the balls wouldnt go up the chute .
 The KNEX company has written incredibly poor instructions for putting this game together.There are no words only pictures . My husband has spent 12 hours working on getting this toy ready to be played . When he reached step 138 out of 145 he discovered that there were missing pieces . When I called the company to inform them of this , I discovered that they actually had a seperate line for missing pieces . Once I reached that operator she informed me that my son would receive those missing pieces at the earliest by the end of this week . Not a great way to spend your holiday staring at your uncompleted toy just waiting to be put together . I would recommend this toy to no one .
 One of the most frustrating gifts I have ever given one of my children . 6 hours of assembly to have none of the paths work correctly . None of the paths worked consistently . The balls shot out of the top of the unit and onto the floor half the time . The balls would not travel through the ladder assembly . The box was missing parts but we were able to piecemeal things together . Not a precision toy . There is no play value in the game when it does n't work .
 Our 7 year old built this himself in 3 afternoons , some of which he had to complete standing on a small stepstool . He did have to take some pieces that were missing out of his other knex sets . It is absolutely amazing when the shoots work , but so flimsy that the sheer force of one ball going through the hoops sets the entire tower into misaligmnent and you have to readjust everything . This is only a toy for the patient child , with a scientific mind , like my son is . My 4 year old was disgusted and called it a stupid toy , his father agrees . Their grandfather who paid $ 100 is also disgusted . By the way , it takes up six square feet and when someone walks across the hard wood floor the tower misaligns . OH , and whoever designed this should realize that sending only 1 ball with a guy in it causes huge fights to get the `` special '' ball . Obviously a numbskull with no children designed this .
 This thing took about 6 hours to build . The directions are terrible and extremely difficult to follow , but I figured it was worth it because it just looks so cool . Unfortunately after completely assembling the thing and flipping the switch the motor , on fresh batteries , did n't have enough power to lift the ball the almost 6 feet consistently . We spent as much time trying to get the motor to do what it was supposed to as we did building it . Ours also came with a special ball that had a skateboarder inside . He looks really cool , but the motor never was able to lift him more than about a foot . I love KNEX , but this set is a DUD !
 My children received this toy from their grandfather this Christmas . I spent 1 entire day trying to put it together and found I had made an error somewhere . The next day the kids and I tore the tower down , counted all the pieces and bagged them individually . We had all the pieces listed in the direction booklet . I spent the next day rebuilding the tower and still ran out of pieces . Once the tower was finally built , it would n't work as described . We could get one or two parts of it to work but the rest would n't . We left the toy alone for the day and planned to tweak it the next day . However , the tower fell over and I took it apart and put the pieces back in the box . Hopefully never to come out of the box again . The boys received the roller coaster last year for Christmas . It also was a pain to put together but at least it worked !
 My 11 year old son has put together several Knex products with no problem . He worked on this one for two days , only to see that the balls will not fit through the ladder and the tower is not stable and falls over . The balls also fall out of the tower sometimes and sometimes work fine . I returned the product in hopes of a refund . Ca n't play with a toy that does n't work .
 The Ball Tower was at the absolute top of our son 's Christmas list this year . His face lit up when he unwrapped the box . He spent several hours building only to reach a dead-end , which turned out to be the completion of the `` Jr Ball Tower '' - a much smaller version . I got involved to help speed up the process and after several more hours -LRB- over a few days -RRB- we completed the big tower . Then began hours of tinkering to get the balls where they needed to go . Fixing one route only seemed to mess up another . At its best it might have run for about a minute with no balls falling . The next day things would have shifted and the tweaking process started over.To their credit , Knex has a good website with tips on how to improve the product and videos to help with assembly . For us the pinwheel continues to be the weak point and that is n't covered on the website . They have returned emails with suggestions and that has been helpful . In general , though , the tower has been a disappointment to me and my son . It is not as well thought out as most other Knex products .
 Overall I give the `` Big Air Ball Tower '' 2 stars . Sure your kid might have fun with it for a wile but the first thing to consider is , How dedicated are they going to get ? My opinion is if you get this your probably going to be spending $ 89.99 on a pile of sticks and plastic snowfakes that will be laying on the floor , in the corner of your basement for two years even if your child has it constructed or not .
 Hi , the names Tom , i 'm 12 years old and I know a thing or two about kids these days being one my self , my parents bought this toy for me last christmas and it was terrible , it took 3 days to put up and when it got put up every time you tried to use it it broke so it took another hour to set backup . It 's almost impossible get the orange tubes in the right place and when you get it in the right place they bend back out , so when you drop a ball it either misses the thing completley or it hits the rim and bounces out . I highly do not reccomend this toy . *************** MY toy rating in the top 100:98 ****************
 I bought this for my 11 month old -- and neither of us is thrilled . The cow , chick and horse come off , but nothing else does ... this is frustrating for a curious toddlers . It may be entertaining for smaller babies , but with so much plastic already living in parents ' living rooms , I would n't waste your money on this one . There is a reason it is selling for 60 % off - it 's not very much fun !
 We have a few of the larger fisher price toys , like the activity table and the sing a long stand , which our daughter loves . This toy , however is smaller and has smaller parts like the animals which she puts in her mouth constantly . Unfortunately , FP will not disclose whether BPA or phthalates are present -- I 've called twice to find the info and they wo n't give me a straight yes or no answer . The little animals are really cute but I do n't let her play with them without supervision due to this issue . Plus , the animals are heavy enough that when placed on the round part that spins , it does n't spin correctly . In general , our daughter does n't really find this toy that interesting . She 'll play with it for a few minutes and then is quickly bored -- unlike her other FP toys . Wish FP would just be honest about what goes into their products .
 I ordered it and it got here quickly . I took it to school and told the students all about the wonderful things they would see . I followed the directions to the letter and guess what ??? Nothing happened ... no sea monkeys at all . Everyday the kids would dash in to see if we had sea monkeys ... but alas there were none.It was extremely disappointing !
 I followed all the directions to the letter . That did n't stop every single sea monkey from dying within days . Some did n't even hatch . I had better luck with hatching the sea monkeys used for feeding bigger fish . I got thousands out of that .
 Out of the entire package , only ONE sea monkey was produced . We did nothing different - the last package we bought -LRB- which was from a local store and not thru the mail -RRB- produced a TON.This order was an entire waste of $ and a disappointment to my children .
 We bought this twice . We followed directions to the letter , twice . It failed to produce a single living thing , twice .
 I got dud packages . But if they had hatched , they would 've been loads of fun since I 've had them before .
 The eggs hatched in about 24 hours but these little guys do n't seem to be active at all . We check the temperature of water and everything seems to be in order . Because of their tiny tiny size initially , you have to press hard -LRB- literally to the glass -RRB- to see some movements . So far so good!After ONE week : They all died ... not worth it at all .
 It 's been two months now and I only have one sea monkey . I followed the instructions to the letter , and I originally had two sea monkeys . I think one cannibalized the other , and now I have one . This product is really underwhelming . Is it just me , or did this product work better a few years ago ? I 've done it in the past , and the results where a lot better . I think the producer/manufacturer is letting the eggs get a little old , to save on cost perhaps .
 WARNING ! I mistakenly ordered the Lord of the Rings original board game which was just re-released as a Silver Line edition with new artwork and whatnot . This is all well and good , but it simultaneously made all existing expansions incompatible until they are re-released -LRB- if ever -RRB- as Silver Line editions . This was one of the expansions I ordered , and now I have to return it.I ca n't believe they only rereleased the original and not the expansions at the same time , forcing this kind of confusion on consumers such as myself : -LRB-
 You get what you pay for in this case . My daughter was given this as a gift a year ago and it has been a dust collector ever since . She hates this ELMO because is falls over . He should be called clumsy ELMO . My daughter has the Hokey Pokey ELMO too and that is a 10 + .
 I received Limbo Elmo as a gift for my daughter for Christmas . When we took it out of the box and turned it on and pressed its hand , all it does is say over and over `` can you help Elmo up please . '' It does n't do anything it 's supposed to . My daughter was very disappointed , and the store wo n't let us take it back since it 's already opened , so now I 'm stuck with this toy that does n't work , and I 'm afraid to buy another one for fear it might do the same thing . It was a very bad buy .
 My daughter received this for her 3rd birthday . The next day she was playing with the limbo stick ... each end pulls out from it . When she shut the stick , it shut quickly and pinched her leg in it . I really had to work to get it open to free her leg . She has a good size spot and bruise . The doll is fine but , the stick is a hazard .
 The instructions say to put Elmo on a hard floor to ensure it works , but that does n't make much of a difference . It falls over and the music does n't last long enough . I liked the Rock 'n Roll Elmo best because he had a guitar and played music while rockin ' . That was more entertaining for this age group . This is more frustrating -- even me , a grown up , is frustrated with this toy . The limbo stick can get lost easily in the piles of toys not attached to anything . Too much effort between Elmo and the stick . Chicken Dance or Hokey Pokey Elmo look like better choices , but I have not tried them .
 The product description says this is for a four or five year old.The helmet fit fine , but the glasses were too small for my three year old.In summary , only buy this product if you do n't want the glasses or you have another kid to give them to .
 this is the second bed there must be a secret to the darn un ... inflatable bed , my granddaugher has yet to sit on it let alone sleep on it someone call and spill the beans ... beverly
 I like the doll , and the baby but the crib is the poorest design from Barbie . My daughter went to play with it and the hinges do n't stay on or the mobile . This just upset my daughter and she only ended up playing with it for a few minutes . I was really unhappy with the quality of this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS TOY unless you want SAND EVERYWHERE ! Here is a Barbie and a cat that pees . Could you think of anything more repulsive ? The package recommends this Barbie for kids over 3 , but I ca n't think of ANY kid who would n't get the sand all over the place . My new floor is scratched and ruined from the sand that got under the chair legs . THIS IS A HORRIBLE TOY ! If you have a vendetta against someone , I highly recommend that you buy this particular Barbie for their child --
 My 4 year old daughter just loves kittens and Barbie , so when this toy came out it was a `` must have . '' I `` must have '' lost my mind when I bought it for her!The kitty kennel turns into a litter box by removing the lid and door . There are 3 packets of `` litter , '' which are really just colored sand . You make the kitty drink water from a bottle , then squeeze the kitty to make it `` pee '' in the litter box . This is where the mess begins . After just a few minutes of play , wet , clumpy pink and blue sand was everywhere ! Despite prepping the area with several old bath towels , the sand made a huge mess . Even my daughter decided it was n't as much fun as she originally thought it would be .
 This toy is nice and colorful . . but there are not enough slots for photos!It was a little expensive , not the best value for money .
 I loved the description of this item when I read it . It seemed perfect for my niece . The price was great for all that it included . When I recieved it , I was disappointed to learn that the description on the website was incorrect . There is NO camera included . I am returning it and buying a different kit - one with a camera .
 My two year old generally has advanced dexterity . But this toy was too hard for him . The holes the shapes fit through are too narrow for your average toddler to easily put them through . My son would get confused when he tried to put the round shape in the round hole and he could n't easily push it through . He would then grab another piece and try to make it work , getting really frustrated in the process . I -LRB- 39yr old woman -RRB- had to make sure I placed the shape in `` just so '' so it would fit . Pushing the shape through triggers a song -LRB- by the shape pressing a button down as it goes through the slot -RRB- about the shape or number depending on your setting . I suppose this is why the slots are so narrow . However , the design team needs to go back to the drawing board on this one . It 's hard to believe this was ever tested by toddlers .
 This is the cutest shape sorter I have seen so far but still did n't impress me . The shapes are hard to get in the holes unless it is exactly a certain way . I also like sorters with more than 5 shapes . I was able to find a Plan Toys one with 12 .
 I was excited about getting this shape sorter because it 's cute , has a lid , music , teaches shapes -- but no one mentioned how annoying this toy 's emphasis on cookies is ! I do n't want my daughter 's first words to be about how yummy cookies are , since she does n't even eat them yet . yes , i know it 's a `` cookie jar '' but i did n't realize the sounds that it makes is all about how the shapes are all of cookies and how yummy they are . it 's a shame because the rest of the toy is pretty cute . Also , the shapes are somewhat difficult to fit in -- even for me !
 I have been searching for a shape-sorting toy for my 16-month old daughter . I chose this one because it had good reviews and because I found it in a local store -LRB- no shipping charges ! -RRB- . However , after playing with it for a few minutes , I realized that the shapes are very hard to fit into their respective holes , especially the square . Also , it seems that they can only go in one way , with the embossed-number-side facing in ; otherwise , it is even harder to push them in . And , even when you line them up just right , the block sort of `` catches '' on the button that causes the corresponding song , and you have to put in some real effor to push the block in . I can only imagine how frustrating this must be to a baby just learning to shape sort - he/she finally gets the shape right , but ca n't manage to push it all the way in . Furthermore , even though this is a cute toy , I showed it to my baby for just a minute and she did n't even bother to try to play with it . It , along with the Fisher-Price Stride to Ride Lion , is not one of Fisher-Prices 's best creations .
 My kids both like this toy putting the shapes in and out of the top but I have the same problem as the other reviewer , , , the shapes on mine are WAY too tight to fit thru the shaped holes easily . It is hard for me to do and unless they are lined up exactly it will not work at all . Impossible for any toddler to do . Maybe this issue is not on all of them as other people do not seem to have the problem but overall I am VERY disappointed and will probably be donating this toy to good will next time I go ! Fisher Price usually makes good toys but this one in my opinion is not .
 My 3 month old son got this for a Christmas gift and I was shocked to find my 3 year old daughter struggles with it . While it says it 's for 6 month to 3 year olds , the shapes are too large to fit in the holes -LRB- specifically the triangle and star -RRB- . I thought it was odd that my 3 year old could n't do it so I attempted and had the same issue . You literally have to find the perfect angle to have the shape fit . Also , once you put the lid on the top of the jar , there 's no way a child would be able to remove it . I found this frustrating as my 3 year old asked me repeatedly to open it for her . Had I purchased the gift myself I would return it . Since it 's a gift , i 'll let it collect dust in the off chance one of the kids will use it again . Do n't waste your time .
 We bought this for my daughter on her first birthday . She loved the songs and sounds -LRB- my only reason for 2 stars -RRB- , but since there 's only two songs they got to be incredibly redundant . The toy announces the shape as it 's inserted , and will sing about numbers which is educational . The worst feature is the curved exterior . It is so difficult for little hands to insert the shapes . Even as adults we had a difficult time . We ended up donating the toy , it was n't worth the annoyance and did n't perform it 's intended purpose .
 I bought this becasue my son loves his Fishbowl -LRB- I think it 's Fisher Price -RRB- and this is kind of the same idea with a container for things to go in and sounds when you drop things in/take them out , but I was very dissapointed that the shapes are really hard to get through their holes . Then , even if you can squeeze them through , once you get a few shapes in the jar you ca n't get the rest of the shapes though their holes becase the holes are at the very bottom and the shapes inside take up too much room to fit new ones in . It 's cute if you just want to use it with the top hole , but the shape sorter holes were n't very well designed .
 I agree with the other posters in that the concept behind this toy is great
 My 18 month old daughter received this as a gift and within minutes I knew it was a mistake . First of all , the shapes are on the side of the cookie jar , which make it difficult for her to put the shapes in . She would have to turn the jar at an angle to get the shape in . Also , the shapes just barely fit in the holes and you have to give it a good shove to get it in . Even I found it difficult . Plus , there 's a button that gets pushed down when the shape goes in , which give it more resistance . The cookie jar shape sorter is going back , and we 're in the market for a good old-fashioned wooden cube shape sorter . Suprised at Fisher Price making such a difficult toy and marketing it to toddlers .
 I agree with the other reviewer ! I am terribly disappointed that a camera did not come with this set -- as the manufacturer 's description indicated it would ! I am going to call the manufacturer to make a formal complaint . This is a christmas gift and I just received it -- not exactly enough time to go buy a camera !!!! Boo , Kodak !
 I thought this looked like a cool toy and it had some great reviews , but my 4 year old daughter is just not a bit interested . She loves puzzles and building things with blocks and magna-tiles and is pretty smart for her age , but she just does n't find this toy appealing . I 'm disappointed and hope she 'll maybe grow into it . It is durable and educational and does everything is says on the box , but she gets bored with it after just a few minutes . No doubt it will work for others but this was a waste of money for us . *** UPDATE *** Now a year and a half later and this has really never been played with . Just shows that however good reviews are , all kids are different and respond differently to things .
 I was highly disappointed with the size of this toy . For 49.99 , I would think it would be more than 4 inches tall . Could not believe how small it was .
 `` Are you looking for devastator as you remember him from the good old times ?? well this is not the one you saw . bonecrusher and scrapper are the same only different color , long haul and high tower as well , and in the original each and everyone of the were diferent . and there were six instead of 5 . so if you want something that will wake your inner child do n't buy this one . ''
 We were not able to enjoy these as the connectors that came with the bracelets were too big . We were very dissapointed .
 I got this tent for my daughter , she is only a year old but she loves hiding places , so I thought she would like it . Well , it took up her WHOLE ROOM !!! So she did n't feel like she was hiding at all because it was huge . 10 seconds after we opened we know it had to go back , but it took forever to get the thing back in the `` handy carrying case '' And the directions for folding it back up were just a few pictures of some other shaped tent . NOT HELPFUL AT ALL ! If you had older kids , had a space that could hold about a six foot square tent , and never plan on trying to put it away maybe this could work for you .
 This tent is definitely too big , but that is not the only problem with it . Sure , it sets up fairly quick , but it is nearly impossible to fold into it 's `` handy carrying case '' . Also , the directions are not specific to this tent and they say it should only be folded into the case for travel , but you should store it flat . We also had a problem with the tent being bent on one side and it could not be fixed . My daughter leaned on the outside of the tent which cause the side and the entire roof to fall in . I expected it to be a little more durable . All this and we only had it for one day ! I 'll be returning it tomorrow !
 What do YOU expect when you hear the words `` day care durable '' ? Well , I imagine a product that can `` take a lick 'n and keep on tick ` n '' . I must be living in la la land because this piano does n't even come close to being durable . I gave this piano to my little girl on her second birthday and after three weeks of intermittent play , 13 of the 22 keys have stopped working . The 13 keys are all in a row in the middle of the keyboard , rendering this piece of overhyped junk virtually unplayable . Once again , this was one girl , not a bevy of brawny daycare kids banging the heck out of it . The other day , I saw a vintage Jaymar piano at a local antique store and what do you know , it still worked , had a sophisticated sound and it was priced at only $ 50 . On it 's best day the Schoenhut sounded like a sick duck . I just feel ripped off by Schoenhut and will never purchase another one of their products .
 Expected a much better key to sound stroke . It is very very poor . If I had n't cut up the box . . I would have returned it.I do not recommend it - incredibly poor quality
 Having built many similar sized N Scale layouts I 'm not particularly impressed with this kit . Firstly , the retail price of almost $ 400 is beyond ridiculous ! If it came with everything in the picture on the box it might not be so bad but , when it boils down to it , it only comes with the very basic necessities , most of which could be purchased separately for well under $ 100 along with bits of odds and ends you probably have lying around the house , especially if you are into modelling.The construction of the kit is at least , if not more , complex than starting a layout from scratch . I would estimate that in order to make this kit appear as it does on the box you 'd probably end up spending in excess of $ 1000 . I 'm a great fan of Woodland Scenics ' products but this is an overpriced disaster . They should make the thing in an already premoulded styrofoam or extruded foam format with all the topography and base railbed so all you have to do is add the track , ground cover , scenery , buildings and bridges etc. . That would cost about $ 50 and weigh just a couple of poundsMy advice to anyone considering buying this is just go to your local Lowes or Home Depot , buy a sheet of plywood then head off to the hobby shop and use your imagination .
 I bought this for only $ 34 at toysrus . I do n't know why here it is sold for almost twice as much ... !? my kids love it but only the older ones -LRB- 7 and older -RRB- . The five year old ca n't build anything with it on his own - he needs help .
 Great product but a bitter disappointment for the one-half full tin . I could not take it away from a 5 year old grandson but the container was just over 1/2 full . As a child I could make many interesting things . This set has so few parts one item is max.Very poor value .
 Purchased this after my daughter created several `` inventions '' with her brother 's set . We wanted more pieces for her . This set is plastic , the other is wood . I am not impressed at all with the plastic pieces . Many of them were hard for me to fit together and I am quite strong . The plastic pieces also bend -- their wooden counterparts do not . The pictures of things to build that come with the kit are in color -- but the pieces do not necessarily match the picture . . i.e the pink rod in the picture may be the blue rod in the kit that is the same size . Made building the ferris wheel extremely annoying . Will likely return this kit and get more wooden sets .
 I have owned these for about 5 years . Very disappointed in the quality . My child did n't play a ton with them or abuse them but I just had to chuck them in the garbage because the pieces continuously break off into each other & you ca n't get them out which renders them useless . Plus , it creates very sharp edges when they break . I do n't know if the plastic just weakens over the years or what , but unless they have improved the quality over the past years , I would not recommend these . I am going to buy the wooden ones .
 Very disappointed that there no building instructions . Hasbro says the pictures on the can and the printed insert are all the instructions included . Well I might be a little satisfied with that if the colors of our parts matched the photo 's colored parts . Very aggrivating having to decern what colors of our parts match those on the pictures cause the part 's colors are not consistant from photo to photo on the printed insert . Legos does it right with step by step instructions . My kid loses interest fast when even his parents are having to decrypt the instructions to build the simple windmill . It 's still a decent toy but be warned that these are n't your old favorite wooden parts and you 're pretty much on your own to figure out how to build stuff by the included instructions .
 This is really only a good trick if you 're going to be pretty far away from your audience . Too close and it 's very easy to see the breaks in the wand.Also , this is a very hard trick for young kids to perform themselves .
 This item was ordered two weeks before Christmas . I checked the rush order and I paid extra for it to get here on time . It did n't .
 My son wanted to be a Jedi Knight for Halloween , so I purchased this light saber . We had a multi-colored toy just like it from Disney that lit up , so I thought this one would too . Unfortunately it did not and this caused a problem . My five year old was quite upset that there was no `` Light '' to his `` Light Saber '' . It 's not a bad concept , but it 's a cheap toy not worth it 's price .
 I have a group of friends that play trivial pursuit fairly often and we were excited that this new 90 's game was out . While I 've enjoyed all the editions I was dissappointed in this game overall . It only came with one pack of cards and several plastic dispensers so you could divide the cards by year . The idea is that you roll a 10 sided die to select the year your queston will relate to . We have played this game only four times with between two and four people and we have already run through all the cards and are getting repeat questions . I definitely wish it came with more cards , or at least the option to buy supplemental cards . Another thing ... in the older editions if you got a question that you did n't know the answer to right off many times you could at least come to a pretty good `` guess '' by deductive reasoning . In this game you either know the answer or you do n't .
 I was very disappointed when I got this game for my birthday and after we played a few times we realized that these cards have duplicate questions . You 'll see the same questions over and over and they are the exact same questions . There is only one box of questions , so it does n't take long to learn the answers . Very disappointing - I would n't recommend it for this price .
 I ca n't believe they actually charge $ 35 for this game . There is only one box of cards . We are paying for a bunch of cheap new game pieces . Do n't they know that everyone plays with their one of 6 `` original boards '' ? I think that they should just sell the cards -LRB- 2 boxes please ... most games do consist of 2 teams , do they not ? -RRB- , charge about 20 bucks for them , and still continue to sell the entire set if you are new to the game . But this is an insult to Trivial Pursuit buffs who have bought EVERY SINGLE GAME , -LRB- ok , not Lord of the Rings -RRB- .
 I ordered this for my 23 year old son who asked specifically for the 90 's edition thinking he would know more about the 90 's than the 80 's . Well he was wrong - questions are way too hard even for myself . We tried playing it a couple of times and just get frustrated because we ca n't answer the questions without alot of guessing . We do n't even understand some of the questions let alone answer them . We expected some challenging questions but they all are too challenging as far as I am concerned . All in all I would say we are somewhat disappointed with it .
 The game was not at all what I expected . As the previous reviewers stated the game only has four playing pieces . Why would they mess with a good thing ? Six pieces was the perfect amount . The questions were a little easy , and a bit boring . On top of only having four playing pieces the one I got came with a duplicate piece , so I only had three different pieces . I was highly disappointed .
 Thought this would be like the standard Trivial Pursuit game with questions from the 90 's . Some of the question were ridiculous and too hard for my kids or even my husband and I to answer .
 I bought this for my grandson . Within the first hour , the hood on the front of the helicopter fell off , one of the side rockets stopped working , and the helicopter blades would n't stay in position . The torpedos have a tendency to get jammed also . I would not reccomend this toy for anyone .
 These sticks are a poor quality . Several of the sticks did n't light up , and some broke and dripped fluid on the students . yuck !
 The firetruck did not work from the beginning ; several batteries were tried to no avail . Attempts were made to contact Discovery Channel Store via 1-800 number and Amazon.com , and no response was given .
 I bought this for my 2yr old nephew for Christmas and it was a huge flop . Firstly , it took us forever to figure out how to get the batteries in the actual truck ... the only instruction provided was an arrow at the bottom of the truck that made absolutely no sense . Once we figured that part out for some reason the front wheels would not spin which resulted in the truck only being able to go in circles but not forward or backward . After less than an hour of playing with it the back wheels stopped working also . After spending most of the day trying to fix the toy we eventually gave up and let him just push it around . In addition t the technical difficulties , the truck itself is pretty boring , maybe if it had some flashing lights or something my nephew may have been a bit more impressed !!
 Great except the turn button just makes the thing move slower . Its supposed to left turn tank style with right drive wheel going forward and left going back , but both just go forward much more slowly . The only bonus is our son is 3 and does n't know it does n't work properly and has no complaints or problems just moving it when it hits something .
 It does n't matter how old the child is , they want a toy like this to be responsive . But this toy does not work well . It does n't turn well -LRB- the counter-spinning wheels have no traction on hardwood floors -RRB- , and when it does , it only turns in one direction by design . This means you can not turn it to steer . When it goes straight , it starts out at an angle from the direction it is pointed . In other words , you can not really maneuver it , which is the whole point of a remote control vehicle . -LRB- The steering wheel design is therefore a kind of lie -RRB- . This is very frustrating , even for someone with more coordination than the toddlers it is meant for . This toy promises to be a disappointing first RC experience .
 PERFECT TOY FOR A LITTLE ONE ... BUT IT DID NOT EVEN WORK ... AND JUST FLUSTRATED HIM ... . SO SAD ON CHRISTMAS DAY ... FOR IT NOT TO WORK ONLY A FEW SECONDS ... DO N'T THINK I WOULD BUY TOYS AGAIN ... TO HEARTBREAKING IF THEY ARE ALREADY BROKEN ...
 We opened Christmas gifts today and my son absolutely loved this ! The controls work great and we did n't have any issues with it running on carpet . Unfortunately , it stopped working within hours of opening it . I read other reviews saying the same thing , but I took a chance anyway . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Gears in gear box are poorly aligned and caused the device to stop working after one day of use . Outside of return window as this was a birthday present . Now the child is stuck with a expensive push truck . Do NOT buy this product .
 Only worked for about the first 6 months and then after your replace the battery it goes a half an inch and then stops . It 's pretty much doomed and time to chunk . My toddler is no longer interested once it wo n't move . Invest in a better quality motor truck .
 My aunt gave this to my son for his 2nd birthday today and the very first one they gave him did not work out of the box . I returned it and got another to replace it , which did work ... but not well.On carpet it moves very slowly and I could tell the motor was laboring . It worked fine on the hard floors in our kitchen . The signal from the remote was very spotty - you had to have it pointed directly at the truck to make it work . Even then it would occasionally stop working for no reason . Our son also liked pushing it around by hand , but the motor made a terrible clicking sound while he was pushing it.I really wanted to like this toy - the soft body is perfect for him at this age , but this is just not a good toy .
 This toy was fun until it stopped working for no reason . We put new batteries but it did n't help . We always played gently with it , it looks like new but after playing with it for about 10 times it just stopped working . Only the sound is working . It was a gift and I do not recommend it , it is a waste of money .
 It is a good RC car for baby 11/2 yrs and up ... IF IT WORKS ! Just like many other reviews , I like how it fell safe to the kid but this things does not turn.It will only go straight ... not so fun anymore when you have to chase the car as well . Also , the way it designed will not last long .
 Our 2 years old son played with the fire truck almost everyday upon receiving this in the mail . He was 20 months then , lost interest after less than one month and started showing interest again 5 months later . The fire truck did not respond to the remote , we thought both batteries were flat , but replacing the batteries did not fix it . Amazon customer service told us their 30 days return/exchange policy and suggested we contacted the manufacturer directly . We then learned that the warranty of this product was only 2 months . I suppose the short warranty explains why the product only last 1 month ...
 I do n't think they could have made it any more difficult to put the batteries in . It will not go forward and it only spins around very slowly . This was a gift and I would never have let him have it if I had been able to test it out beforehand . Nothing buy frustration for all .
 We bought this for our sons 3rd birthday . The remote shorts out and does n't work well . Sometimes it works , and a few seconds later it wont respond . This is very frustrating for my son and us as well . We tried new batteries and it still happens . Hopefully we just got a bad toy , but given it is cheap and made in China , you have about a 50 % chance of getting a working toy . Buyers Beware !
 broken straight out of the box ... I would n't have been so frustrated except that we bought 2 and NEITHER worked . NOT ONE TIME ... both got returned
 Very cute truck and seems durable for little hands but would not work . Truck moved for about ten seconds and then would not respond to the remote control . Tried three sets of batteries but was definately defective . Very depressing for a three year old on Christmas morning when his fire truck would not work and Grandma just could n't fix it . Not good !!!!!
 I just love this toy but as soon as I went to try an try the toy out it did not work at all with the new batteries . I was so disappointed because one of the twins did n't have his truck to play with .
 Avoid - very disappointed in this toy ! No sound effects audible in the one we received . Was working great apart from that for + / - 10 mins out the box . Then , as described by other reviews , the motor seemed to slow down . This meant that the turning feature went from a tight circle to a very wide arc , making it very difficult to do anything other than go forward . Fresh batteries did not change this poor performance . Would therefore NOT recommend . Seems that many have received properly functioning units but that was not our experience .
 I really wanted a good remote control car for my little boys , currently ages nearly 2 and 3 . The boys got it last year as a Christmas present . It has hardley been used and this is why - inorder to get the car to move you have to point it right at it and stay right by it and the battery life gets sucked right out . So either it has no power from dead batteries or the boys have to follow it so closely it gets boring . It 's sat in the toy bin for a year now with no change in my opinion . Guess it 's time for it to go .
 Not very well made ... broke almost instantly ! My son loved the look and ease of use , until it BROKE w / normal play ... battery seems to not stay in place .
 This toy was a Christmas gift for my son . I bought it new elsewhere , not on Amazon . Christmas Eve my husband and I were putting the batteries in only to find that in addition to the Double A batteries it required it also required a 9V battery . The only thing listed on the box was that it needed the double A batteries . At 10pm on Christmas Eve my husband found a gas station that was open and actually sold 9V batteries thank goodness ! We put all batteries in and to our disappointment the truck barely moved with the remote control . You practically had to be touching the truck with the remote for it to move . After 24 hrs it did n't move at all ! My son would just push it around the house instead for a few days and then he completely lost interest . Spend your money elsewhere !
 We got this toy for my 2-year old since his older brother would have a remote control car . This never worked even with new batteries . It was difficult to even get to the battery pack . It was a waste of our money and our son was really sad when he did n't have a remote control car like his brother . Do n't waste your money or your time on this product .
 While my son loves playing with this toy , it also really scares him because as a previous reviewer mentioned it is possessed . For some reason it lurches forward on its own every few minutes which has startled me but petrifies my 2 year old . I actually came on here to see if there were any other similar reviews and just had to post something about it . Also like the previous reviewer mentioned , there is no siren or fire truck sounds - it just makes a loud grinding noise when its being operated . It is very durable and the remote control feature is easy to use - if only there was a way to exorcise it !!
 My son , who was n't quite 2 at the time , got this as a gift for Christmas . He was n't too interested at first but came back to it about 3 months later . Unfortunately , by then it no longer worked . Either the controller or the car shorted out-not sure which . I wrote to the company but got no response . It 's too bad because it had potential to be a good toy , it 's just made really poorly .
 Cute toy , my 3 yr old liked it , but it eats up the batteries so fast that we took it to GOODWILL a month later and 2 battery sets latter . If it did n't eat up the batteries or had a rechargeable then it would be perfect : -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my two year old grandson . Not only does it take a rocket scientist and a mechanic just to place the batteries but after a day , apparently it began to kick and sputter . Since I also included brand new name brand batteries , it is apparent this toy is just no good . I should send the thing back but it 's not worth spending any more money on shipping . All I can say is beware on this product .
 I purchased both the fire truck and school bus for my grandson for Christmas . He enjoyed playing with them but when both vehicles stopped working we replaced the batteries and neither worked correctly again . I contacted Galaxy and was told that there is a 60 day warranty and after that nothing could be done and that there have been no other complaints about the product . After reading other reviews I see that other people have had similiar complaints . I would advise people to stay away from these products .
 My son enjoyed the toy , but after light use a few months later , the truck would not turn.I changed the batteries , and the truck is going strong forward , but the wheel that 's supposed to reverse to make the truck turn does n't . After a quick look at it , I could see that the gearbox mechanism works by friction , and it 's loose now . The design is not made to last .
 We open it yesterday , the appearance of the toy are quite attract , but this new thing does n't work well . The Spin button even doens ' t make it spin !
 While my 2.5 year old son was thrilled to get this for Christmas , the turn function on the remote control stopped working the next day . When we press the turn button on the remote , the truck shudders and stalls but does not turn . While it can still go forward , his interest waned considerably after the turn function broke . Now he points to it on occasion and says , `` That truck does n't work . '' What a waste !
 It is very hard to open the body of the truck to put the batteries and even after using the right kind of batteries it is kind of slow moving . Seems to be built well but my ds who is very fond of fire trucks does not like it very much .
 Got it for my 3 year old son for Christmas . It lasted about 10 minutes . In general it is what it is advertised as -- easy to control , soft , and fun . It has a gear that is supposed to disengage the motor when a child pushes it like a normal toy . This gear never worked correctly in ours and caused something to bind and snap causing it to stop turning . Getting a refund !
 This toy is awful ! I bought it for my son for Christmas and its already stopped working . I 've tried replacing the batteries , which is a challenge to do , and it still does n't work ! Then randomly it will start moving in his toy box !! Not impressed ...
 The radio control works intermittently at best , if it works at all . The wheels seem to rub the chassis and the truck will not move for more than two seconds before stopping . I tried replacing the batteries in the remote and in the car , but the toy acted the same . I returned the truck , will probably have to take a loss , but should have looked at the reviews instead of quickly buying this lightening deal .
 I bought this item brand new else where -LRB- not amazon -RRB- , my experience with the item was very bad.Cons : - Very very dificult to install the batteries , to whoever designed the battery system is definitely low on usability skills :-RRB- and who ever designed the user manual is completely nuts . . no clue how to open , I had to research for 20mins , - Did not last long . After 10 mins playing the motor slowed down as though the battery died . - Doesnt work on Carpet . The truck was moving with great diffculty on carpet - the motor is not as powerful , works great on hardwood.Pros : - Really fun toy , My son was super excited for the first 10mins when it actually worked . - I think my son started to learn and think how the truck was moving with remote control . . it was interesting to see him pondering.Summary
 my son received this toy for christmas . the entire body of the fire truck has to be removed to put the batteries in . then when we got it back together we discovered that the back wheels -LRB- made of rubber -RRB- were sticking to the soft body of the truck so it would not move . in order to allow it to roll foward we had to cut away the truck body from around the back wheels . but when we finally got it working my son loved it .
 Did not work after 24 hours , turned once and that was it . Would be a great toy if worked , 16 month old enjoyed it while it worked .
 The remote does n't work unless you are standing over the toy . My two year old also had a hard time pressing the buttons down hard enough for the remote to work . Very poor quality .
 This toy works - but only if you place the antenna within 12 inches of the truck . In an effort to make the antenna short , they have made this a toy which only works when you walk with it , nearly touching it the whole time ! Therefore I would NOT recommend buying it . Children want to stand in one spot and be able to drive it around a bit , not have to practically touch it the whole time . If your child is under 4 years old they wo n't understand this concept . It simply drives a few inches then stops , and they do n't understand why . It seems broken . They will be bored and frustrated with it in a minute or two . I do n't recommend this product to anyone . -LRB- I will be lengthening the antenna on mine so it is n't a total waste . -RRB-
 i put batteries in the fire truck and remote and it does not work . A manufacturing fault I think , because it does a little something if the toy is on . But after that nothing . It just does n't work .
 My son loved this when he first got it , but as some other reviewers have said , the batteries needed to be replaced very quickly . The screw covering the battery compartment is buried in a long thin tunnel that is so hard to get to I have given up on being able to change the batteries and we are going to have to throw it away . I 'm so upset I wasted money on this toy . I went to the Kid Galaxy website to give them this input so maybe they could come up with a better design but there 's nowhere to leave comments .
 although i appreciate the rubber body , everything else , is pure junk . there was no human factors thinking or even any thought from a reliability point of view that went into this toy . you need a very thin screw driver to get the batteries into the body , i dont think many households have thin body screwdrivers.the motor lasted less than a day with my 2yr old . the reverse quit working , even the transmitter quit working and would work intermittently . i thought maybe the new batteries drained , but it in fact is the transmitter and receiver that work when they want to . dont even bother buying this thing , its not that you will be disappointed after a few hours of play , its the fact that i felt like i failed as a parent , my 2yr old wanted to play but even he lost patience and moved on to another toy . if u must buy it , please buy another as a backup . amazon should n't carry this product , its horrible . it could n't have been made in china , it would have lasted longer !
 I gave this to my grandson for Christmas ... It did n't work ... How sad ... My grandson was very disapointed to say the least . He unwrapped the toy and we put in the batteries and nothing ... We will have to return it for something else .
 Like many of the other reviewers I 'm sad to report that this toy did n't last more than 10 minutes . We 've changed the batteries but the motor seems to have lost significant power . If you turn the truck upside down and press the remote you can watch the wheels spin , but when you put the truck on the ground the motor is n't powerful enough to actually move the truck forward .
 Grandma bought this toy for my son . He loved the buttons and it was really cool while it was working . After about 20 minutes total of use the turn function stopped working . Now this firetruck goes straight really well and does n't turn anymore . Pretty boring now that it is half broken : -LRB-
 I bought this toy based on the other reviews and may have gotten a bad product . We tried different batteries and but you had to push really hard on the control in order for the truck to move . Not ideal for a 2 year old . We returned it .
 The effective range of the controller is about 2 feet , and even then it only works sporadically . It will come to a dead stop once it reaches this range . Replacing the batteries did n't help .
 I bought this for a friends son and he found it way too loud and did n't like it . Even when his parents put tape over the speaker . I was so excited for him to get it and it 's his least favorite toy .
 My 2 year old son got this for Christmas , and he absolutely loved it . It was a hit ! But now that it is a month later , it does n't work correctly . He is 2 , so he has n't been super careful with it , but since it is meant for that age group , I figured it would hold up much better than it did . Really disappointed .
 Our boys both got one of these trucks for Christmas and they were in the trash within one week . Here is the 411The Goood : * Made by Hot Wheels * They look like funThe Bad * The TINY little cones are perfect for choking and are lost within 1 second . * The little plastic hooks that are suppose to hold the little cones in place on the trailer are impossible for toddlers to use . I had a hard time pushed the cones into place . Seriously , I had to use all my strength ! * The button to lower the top ramp is underneath the trailer ... why ??? Awful place ! You have to turn the whole truck upside down to lower the trailer causing all the cars to tumble out ! * My boys kept getting their fingers pinched off upon pushing the button . And when I tried it , it pinched me too ... and it hurt ! * The trailer is easily detached from the cab of the truck which is annoying to toddlers . All you have to do it pull with light force . * The truck has no turning capabilities , the whole thing has to turn as one full unit , thus wiping out any toys in its turning path * After a few uses the bottom tray would not stay up no matter how many times you pushed the stupid button underneath . * A total waste of money!OverallThis toy caused many tears , tons of frustration , and almost zero play time . It went straight into the trash and the kids watched it go without any concern . We were all happy to see this go ! DONT BUY THIS TOY !!! SHAME ON HOT WHEELS FOR MAKING THIS ONE !
 Son just had to have another one since the other wheels broke off . So we got another for Christmas . Well the quality of plastic is quite thin and the `` rubber '' on the wheels seem unable to stay on . It 's a clumsy toy . Open and closing the ramps is hard and you need to be pretty coordinated to work it.All in all I give it a poor review twice .
 Had issues collapsing the ramp and in general lots of trouble using it . My son still liked to play with it but every time he would try to close it it would sound like it was breaking . The button underneath was useless . Also I threw away all the cones because of choking hazard for younger brother .
 My daughter has collected Breyers for years . This Breyer play set is not worth your money . The plastic is too brittle and the stable is designed very cute but not easy to play in the different rooms . We also bought our daughter the Playmobil Stable . Buy the Playmobil it is worth the extra money !
 It is supposed to snap together yet it just falls apart . My son barely touched it and it was broken . Cheap set . I have found all Breyer products to be junk !
 We bought this last Christmas for our then 5 year old daughter . I was hoping she would play with it a lot , but the roof keeps falling off and the construction seems very flimsy . I guess the roof was made to come off so that you can see inside easily . But the pieces are thin and brittle and although she is not rough with her toys , I am pretty sure it will break soon . Next time I would purchase a sturdy wooden set that you can open up to see the whole thing .
 I read a review about how the toy broke nearly immediately after being used , and I should have realized this was n't the toy for me . Perhaps a nine or ten year old , who knows how to handle things gently could enjoy this toy . However , it breaks too easily and is very cheap .
 I bought this as an `` entry level '' horse stable for my 4 year old daughter , before going out and purchasing a more expensive wooden stable . I now wish I had spent more money on a more durable stable . My daughters are very gentle with their toys and I can not keep this stable from coming apart . Doors and windows have already broken off , which is bad enough , but when the actual walls do n't stay on , it 's very frustrating to play with . I was really disappointed with Breyer .
 I bought this for my 3 year old because she loves to play horses . Bad decision on my part . This thing falls apart constantly and I have never been able to get the parts to stay together , even before my daughter got a hold of it . This was a waste of money and nothing that can withstand any play at all , much less from a 3 year old .
 This was our visit to Santa yesterday ... my 6 year old daughter looks at him and says , `` I want horse stables , but NOT the ones you brought me last year , they fell apart !! '' and she was pissed !!! And yes , it was this set !! Santa was NOT HAPPY ... LOL Do n't buy it , piece of junk , get the melissa and doug wooden set instead !
 I have never reviewed a product before in my life . But this toy was so disappointing , I had to tell share . My 4 year old is horse-crazy , and Santa brought her this as a very special gift . Santa was under the impression that Breyer is the best when it comes to horse stuff . Unfortunately , when Mom went to put it together , some of the thin , brittle plastic parts actually cracked and/or broke off during assembly . The joints of the barn do n't stay joined , the barn doors come off , and as mentioned , the horses do n't stay standing up . If all your child wants is to create a horse display , and if you have room in your house for such `` hands off '' displays , I suppose this would be fine . For a kid who likes pretend play , this is worthless .
 I would consider myself a very lenient judge of toys . I 've never complained when doors fall off , wings fall out , or windows & gates have to be resnapped again & again . I do n't mind that - but what I do mind is buying my daughters 6 Breyer horses & stable set for her 6th birthday and within only 1 week 4 of the 6 are completely broken ... . including the white horse that came with the Glamour Girls ' ranch too . My girls are gentle with their toys and were ready for some `` Real looking Horses . '' So , I bought Breyer horses and as my husband says , `` Never again . '' 3 of the horses legs broke simply from walking them on the carpet ! One of the Rider 's legs snapped off just from being placed on the horse & I ca n't for the life of me get it back on . One of the larger horses lost all it 's tail hair simply from being brushed with the brush it came with . Honestly , these toys are cheap and defective . One of the other Brands of Horses she received held up great . Now , I 'm on the lookout for any more horses from any brand but Breyer . I wish I had been warned about Breyer 's Quality .
 Still can not get it together right crooked and way to small did not look like that in the picture child does not play with waste of money
 My girls wanted a stable for their stablemates so much . They were plently old enough to play with this toy carefully . Everytime they went to play with it , it fell apart . The doors would n't stay on and the roof pieces would n't stay . It is one of the worse toys were have ever purchased other then the Polly Pocket Race to the Mall . Piece of junk that got thrown away . We just purchase the Melissa and Doug Stable to replace - much more pricey but should be worth the money . Wish we had never bought the Breyer one . Good luck .
 We bought this for our horse loving daughter for Christmas a couple of years ago . It was fun until it fell apart in just a few days . I felt totally ripped off . The stable idea is great for pretend play and my daughter was pretty upset . We bought one of the wooden modelsMaxim Large Stable with Corrallast year and it was SO worth the extra money . It 's still in great shape and my daughter still plays with it regularly .
 I ordered the Riding Academy , the Wash Stall Barn and the the Stablemates Red Stable set all at the same time . Had I ordered only one , I 'm not sure I would have bought the others . Though my granddaughter , age 4 , was extremely excited and pleased , I am afraid the set wo n't stand up to much play . The instructions are easy but the pieces do n't `` snap '' together tightly and I had to resort to superglue to keep them together . The horses that go with the set are hard plastic so not as high quality as I expected . I would have paid $ 10.00 more for each item had they been better made . Still it is an extremely cute set . The colors are vivid . My complaint is that the pieces should have snapped together and held as expected and that they should have been made a little sturdier . One accidental fall onto one of the buildings and I think it will break apart . Since I had to glue it in the first place that may be the end of this toy . Made in China says it all for me . Adorable toy , flimsy , poorly fitted pieces .
 Very dissapointed ! Made from very cheap plastic . It has to be put together and the cheap plastic is only put together by snapping them in place . Good to only look at at . If played with it just comes undone . I was afraid to sneeze near this item !
 My daughter loves horses and received this stable plus the truck and trailer for christmas . I am extremely disappointed in the quality , VERY flimsy , the roof has n't been on the stable since the day it fell off -LRB- the day it got put together -RRB- the side of the stable is falling off , the horses wo n't stand up . I thought it was a little pricey -LRB- $ 25 each -RRB- but for a good quality toy , I do n't mind spending the money , unfortunately , this is not the case with these toys .
 My girls age 4 and 6 are enjoying playing with this . However , I agree with the reviews that state it is very brittle plastic and I do n't expect it to last very long . I was afraid it would break as I was putting it together . The roof wo n't stay on so they just play without . The box also came with a missing piece , the cupola on top , so it does n't look as nice as it should.I contacted the customer service number listed on the instructions and was told that I had to return the item to the store and the store was responsible for getting me the missing piece . The customer service representative was very rude , and I am now stuck with a defective barn . Buy this with caution , and save your receipt . I do not recommend .
 I had Breyer horses as a child , and a very nice wooden stable . I bought this for my daughter and the cheapy plastic pieces do n't even stay together properly . The hinged doors/windows broke off easily , and in fact the whole structure falls apart . I would n't recommend this toy for a child at all , it is too frustrating to play with .
 Very sadly this Breyer Stablebates Red Stable Set is only suitable for a display only as it is very weak and falls apart easily.It comes in pieces in the box and has to be put together -LRB- like a kit -RRB- but once it is put together it looks great but as soon as the kidstouch it the doors fall off and roof comes apart , the plastic horses -LRB- very small -RRB- are made from a fragile type plastic and do n't standup to happy kids ! I would n't recommend this toy for children under 10 unless they are the sort of kids who are very careful !
 The barn is too smakl . It is difficult to put the horses in and out . The doors are difficult to snap in securely . The barn needs to be a bit roomier . The horses are nice - much nicer than those that come with the Melissa & Doug mini fold and go . But the Melissa & Doug barn is significantly better constructed for plsy . Buy the Melissa & Doug mini fold and go barn and then by Breyer stablemates horses for best play experience .
 The stable literally falls apart when my granddaughter plays with it . The roof falls off . It was a Christmas present and was hard for my son-in-law to get it to stay together .
 It 's made in China , and sadly that says it all . While it 's a lovely looking toy , and I 'm sure if all were factory assembled with care it would be great . But , the roof on our 's does n't snap properly so the only way to lift it is by the bottom ; hardly something for kids . It 's nice and fun looking enough that we may exchange it , but I would suggest buying in a store , so you do n't have to deal with the wait on shipping if you receive one that 's defective like our 's .
 my daughter received this for christmas two year ago . the pieces pop apart easily and the plastic becomes warped with continued use . the barn doors lost their `` nubs '' to stay attached within about 2 weeks . not for frequent use ! now shopping for a more durable model .
 What a disappointment . My daughter is three . She is in love with horses and wanted a home for them at Christmas.I grew up playing with Breyer Horses . She is playing with the ones I played with . This stable that I bought is too small for even her hands to use . The roof does n't attach properly and once the roof is on the stable is inaccessible.Throughly disappointed in this product , save your money . Not worth a penny .
 Purchasing this toy is simply throwing money away . I am astounded at the amount of things breaking on this stable , and the companion truck/trailer set my daughter was given as a gift . The concept and look is great , and the opportunities could have been endless for play if my daughter was not bringing pieces to me one by one from these sets . She is 5 years old and gentle with her toys , but this toy simply can not handle being played with even as intended . There are things we can fix , like the cupola or roof shifting/falling off , but it is also beyond repair where gate/door hinges break . We were without receipts for this item or it would have gone back the first day when the breaking began . We have had a much better experience the Schleich jeep and trailer purchased for her 3 year old sister , but have not found a similar sized stable . Again , these Breyer accessories are a waste of money for use as a toy being so poorly constructed .
 Do n't buy this if you expect it to actually stay assembled!I bought this for my horse-crazed daughter when she was 4 . She is not overly rough with her toys at all , but every time she tried to play with this thing the roof fell off . And then some of the doors would . And forget keeping the little chimney on without some super glue . My husband and I both put it together several times , and my husband can rebuild motors for pete 's sake ! We 're not clueless people by a long shot when it comes to assembling things , but this stable frustrated us both beyond belief . The pieces absolutely would not stay snapped in correctly , no matter what we did!I had planned to try and glue it together , but instead decided to junk this to the recycle bin because I 've already wasted enough time on it . My daughter is receiving a Melissa and Doug wooden stable for x-mas next week .
 I bought this for my 11/2 year old and at first it worked fine for maybe 3 months . Now it 's broken . We have tried everything . Piece of JUNK !!! Wish I could get my money back .
 Not at all durable . . Stopped working though my twin boys dont play with it often ... It needs battery changes frequently . . Am not happy with the buy
 My 2 yrs was every excited seeing this bus on Xmas day . However , I need to get the 9V battery for the remote control . Ok , I ran out to buy the battery . Then I found the screw for the battery compartment was located in a deep and thin hole and all my tools can not reach it . I ran out again for a new screw driver . Then I spent 2 hrs still could n't unscrew it to install the batteries . I really like to see my son playing this toy but I have to return it after wasting all the time and efforts -LRB- 2 trips to the hardware store , $ 5.5 for 9v battery , $ 2.3 for new screw driver . -RRB- I am very disappointed . Amazon , please stop selling this junk .
 Worst ever purchase from Amazon . Bought as Chrismas gift , but you 'll need both a 9 volt battery for the remote and a phillips screw driver that is long and thin enough to reach the screw deep inside a small hole on the bus in order to install the batteries . We were lucky to find both after 10 mins of seaching all the drawers and toolboxes . But we thought it worths the effort if it 's a fun and durable toy until the bus stopped spinning after only 5 mins of play . So it only goes forward now .
 My two year old loves school buses . I thought this would be a great gift for him . It worked for a maximum of two minutes . Tried putting in new batteries and still nothing . What a waste of money .
 I have never seen a more counter intuitive toy . I had to open 6 screws to lift the rubber chassis to install the battery . Two of the screws were jammed and could not come off , it took an hour and multiple tools to get them out . When the cheap rubber chassis was put back , the car would not move because of lack of clearance the wheels would get jammed . I had to cut the rubber off to improve the clearance . finally it worked . It fell from the table and the batters popped out to reinstall them the 6 screws had to be removed again and the saga repeated . Not worth the headache.OH the battery holder was another story the contact springs were loose and putting three AA battery took a plier to get them in .
 We got two of these as gifts . Both only worked for a short time . The remote broke almost immediately - we tried 3 or 4 different brands of batteries , but it was clearly broke . I would not waste your money on this !!!
 It worked briefly when I installed the batteries and put it back in the box to wrap up . But when it was opened it would no longer go straight it only goes around and around . Not sure why . Just feel ripped off . Would not get another toy from them again .
 This was a nice gift , but it stopped working about 6 months later . We are working on replacing it with the company .
 My kids liked the toy . We replaced the batteries once . When it quit working again , new batteries did n't solve the problem . It 's just ... dead . So , I 'd say that it 's cute and fun , but not very durable .
 I bought the school bus for my 2-year-old son for Christmas . We tried and tried , and could n't get the battery compartment off . I was able to pry it open to insert the batteries , but once my son dropped it , the batteries popped out . Once we finally got the batteries back in , we discovered the bus would only turn in circles and not go forward . My son loves the toy ; however , since it 's malfunctioning , I 'm unfortunately going to have to return it .
 The remote on this worked for about an hour , then died . It would only work if you held it right up to the bus . Changed batteries ... same deal . Returned it , and they had jacked up the price 100 % as well .
 broken straight out of the box ... I would n't have been so frustrated except that we bought 2 and NEITHER worked . NOT ONE TIME ... both got returned
 BOUGHT FOR MY 4 YEAR OLD FOR CHRISTMAS . PUT IN NEW BATTERIES , WORKED FOR THE FIRST DAY . THE NEXT IT WOULD N'T WORK . REPLACED ALL BATTERIES , JUST IN CASE , BUT NOT THE ISSUE . JUST BROKE ... WAS NOT DROPPED AND DID NOT GET WET . POOR QUALITY I GUESS . AS FAR AS DELIVER ... VERY FAST , AND PACKAGING WAS IDEAL . TOO BAD THE TOY WAS POOR QUALITY AND I TOSSED OUT THE WARRANY , IF THERE WAS ONE . OH WELL
 Quality is poor . The chassis fell off immediately and very disappointed . This was a birthday gift , and to have it fall apart just taking out of the package was embarrassing .
 I got it in the mail today as a birthday gift for a five-year-old . Needed batteries , okay no problem / . It uses a 9 volt for the remote , which is okay for radio controls I think . Worked good for a small child 's RC car . I liked its squishy rubber exterior . About one hour later , no longer turns , just goes slower when turn button is pressed . Not very happy .
 This toy never worked . It is not worth the energy it takes to even try to insert the batteries . Terribly made , terrible design , and terrible quality . It was heartbreaking to watch my child 's anticipation grow as I had to take the entire thing apart to insert the batteries , to then have it not work . Such a dissapointment !
 Completely useless - Does n't work even after spending $ $ on `` extras '' - a 9 V battery and the thin screwdriver . Not worth it !
 My 2 year old son got this for Christmas and was all excited to use it . However , once we got the batteries in both the remote and the bus , we realized that it did n't work . What is strange is that , if left on , the bus will start to move on its own . However , you ca n't make it work with the remote . We will be returning this .
 I should have paid attention to the reviews . This toy never worked . I ca n't even comment on how it worked as an rc because it never worked .
 This toy appears to be good quality and is easy to use and my little boy enjoyed it until it stopped working ... within less then a year of occasional use . Changing out the batteries did not prove to be helpful . It simply `` gave up the ghost '' and was ready for the trash bin . Very disappointing .
 Really wanted to like it but I could n't even get it to run . To add batteries to the car you need to use a Phillips head screwdriver to remove one tiny screw . Unfortunately , the screw on the one we have is stripped so it was impossible to remove it ! Also , the remote control battery compartment has poor tolerance , making it very tight to install the battery , and basically broke the metal tip of my 9V battery -LRB- ! -RRB- . Does n't worth my time and I am returning it now .
 The bus would not move when we started playing with it , and I quickly discovered why . There was no clearance between the soft body of the bus and the wheels , which prevented them from turning . Because the wheel wells are molded to cover more than 180 of the wheel circumference , raising the body to provide clearance was not an option . Because I did n't want to disappoint my son on Christmas by telling him we had to return the toy , I ended up cutting the case -LRB- which is soft plastic -RRB- to provide the necessary clearance for the wheels to turn . It does n't look as good , but at least it works .
 Got this toy last Christmas for the kid . The batteries fall out inside of the toy if you play even slightly rough with it . Ca n't get them out easily without unscrewing the bottom . So I cut a slit in the back -LRB- it is made of a rubbery plastic -RRB- . It only turns right -LRB- or left , ca n't remember -RRB- and only turns on a pivot so it does n't go very fast or far without having to move it by hand.Slow and boring even for a less than 1 year old . Only plus was that it was kind of cute for a bus .
 To begin with , it is difficult to install the batteries . And in less than a week , the remote stopped to work . I got new batteries installed still no luck . I should have read the reviews before I purchased this . It 's a total waste of money .
 Very unreliable ! Even if the bus does `` decide '' to respond to the remote control , it does n't travel very far before it stops . We purchased both the bus and the firetruck and they 're very frustrating for our 2 and 4-year-olds . They do n't even roll well without the remote as a simple toy vehicle . DO NOT BUY !
 My son got this for his third birthday from a neighbor.He of course loved it , because it spins around in circles and makes an incredible amount of noise ... what more could a toddler want?First , I wish it had more options than `` go forward '' and `` spin around ''
 I am surprised when toymakers make a nice piece of toy but never think if parents can use it easily either . Somebody thought putting a screw deep inside is a great idea . Other person decided to put a nine volt battery in the remote . I am like most of the parents who buy AA batteries in bulk and have standard screw driver.I am not going a buy a new screw driver or run to the market to get a set of batteries which I 'll likely never use it.Ovearll quite disappointed . I wish I had read some negative reviews too before buying it . Turned out to be a poor christmas gift .
 I do not normally write reviews for things , but I was so thoroughly disappointed with this toy that I wanted to warn others . I bought this bus for my 3 year old as a Christmas present . It goes really slow , no matter what kind of batteries you use . The turn button on the remote control stopped working on day 2 , so now we have a bus that only goes forward . My son has even told me `` I do n't like slow buses . '' I have one of the amphibian morph cars , and that works great . But , this bus is a horrible purchase .
 I do n't want to give any star for this item.I bought it for my freind 's son 1 weeks ago.I was very angry when I got this horrible item!I ordered a new car , but they send me a horrible one!And there are so many problems on it .1 . The box was BROKEN ! 2 . The car is very dirty.We even can see lot of dust on 4 wheels .3 . Too noise !! It is very loud when it is on .4 . The car 's body a little bit damaged !! 5 . It is hard to put battery on!My freind said it was OK and took it home , I felt SO BAD about it !!
 Seemed great for the money . When I opened order I saw one tweezer . I expected more sets due to the picture . I informed the seller to insure it was the correct picture . They said it was but would replace the pic after they got a new one . The tweezers are self closing and have a horizontal etching to enhance grip . To open the you apply pressure . I planned to use to micro solder electronics , but ca n't because the teeth @the end have a 2 mm gap . I think there supposed to be that way by looking @it , but it 's hard to tell because one `` arm '' of the tweezers are bent - concaved . Possible to use with plastic model kits .
 and I mean very fast . You could see the water lines in two days . We ordered the orange ones and by the end of the month , they were extremely discolored . Very disappointing .
 This is a nice looking rocket , and fun to build , provided that you enjoy lots of assembly -LRB- like I do -RRB- . It sure was great looking on the shelf . Notice I said `` WAS '' . If you have any plans to launch it -- you may want to reconsider . Even with a C engine , this rocket is WAY underpowered . My first launch went ok -- but it arcs over badly in any kind of wind . My second just did n't have enough power -- it ejected about 10 feet off the ground , and all my hard work shattered into a million pieces.Don ' t waste your time on this product unless you are willing to put the effort into upgrading it to D engines -- which is n't exactly trivial since it 's a larger diameter engine casing.I do n't believe Estes markets this rocket anymore -- and for good reason . They know it 's a marginal product .
 This product is inccomplete . You will also need to purchase engines , etc to make it fly . Thus , the total cost will be twice the listed price !
 Gads . This thing looks way cool , and it sounds way cool , but IT 'S NOT . The pieces started falling off while taking it out of the package . I snapped legs back on and the head fell off . Put the head on and the arms fell off . It is so flimsy we could n't get it into any other shape without losing parts . Within two days it was in the trash . What a waste of money !
 What a gimmick the advertisors did on this one . This is all my son wanted for Christmas . After opening it up and TRYING to play with it for a while , he gave up . It breaks apart with every move to transform it -LRB- even when my husband helped -RRB- . And it is difficult to transform . Then , after all the effort ... what does it do ? Not much . Do n't waste your money . Buy a laser tag set instead . He 's spent hours playing with that gift !
 I would recommend everyone stay away from this toy . It is devoid of the complexity found in even the simplest of all other Transformers . If you 're someone who enjoys Transformers because they transform in interesting and clever ways , then prepare for the excitement of clacking his telescoping waist a few inches shorter , flipping an alternate head out of his chest , and attempting to get him in a standing position . One 's money is much better spent on the $ 10 - $ 20 cheaper Jetstorm . - Now there 's a great toy .
 This is an aesthetically pleasing toy.It is big and colorful and makes neat noises.but ... It is cumbersomeImpossible to transform in under and HOURNot much use to play with other than to transform it.Once transformed its parts wiggle so it does n't stay transformed.It is made of plastic and VERY easily brokenthere are some small parts to choke onThis would be fine if all you want to do is use it as a decoration .
 ... It is very frustrating to try to get it to stand up and transforming it is impossible . Remember , do n't buy this toy . Even if you love Beast Wars this toy is n't even close to worth buying . That 's right people do not buy it . You would also give it all one stars if you did .
 This is a pretty cool looking toy at first . My son was thrilled with it to begin with but quickly became frustrated at the difficulty in `` transforming '' it and keeping the parts on . It falls apart very easily ! It is currently still in pieces in his toy box .
 First off let me say that Cheetor is one of my favorite TF charicters , but this one is too big !! First off in Robot mode he is nearly impossible to stand up without a back support , in beast mode he can stand on his own -LRB- but only with the feet in the right spots -RRB- . The lights and sounds are the only saving feature . Yes He has two fireing missles -LRB- In one arm Making that side neadlessly heavy and un poseable -RRB- and an extending battle claw in the other arm -LRB- but you can not use it when he is holding his sword -RRB- . On a scale of 1-10 I give Supreme Cheetor a 4 .
 My 3yo grandson , who is very small , had this broken into a pile of junk in about 5 minutes . This was with adult supervision . In attempting to put it back together , the adults present -LRB- 2 of them are engineers -RRB- broke it more . With about 30 minutes the whole pile was put into the trash . This is the worst toy I have every purchased -- save your money , do not buy this !
 This toy looks all fun in the package but does not hold up well . All the parts fall off when being transformed and get lost TOO easily .
 Although the only Transformer bigger than this Cheetor is Fortress Maximus -LRB- from 1987 -RRB- , his size does n't seem to help him in any way . He has little detail for a Supreme-sized toy . Plenty of gimmicks but , most of them get in the way . Overall , I think Tankor would have been a much better Supreme toy .
 This toy is very disappointing . It just falls apart . You ca n't pick it up with a trail behind . Not worth even the discount
 This item really sinks ! Not a chance of reading a book while floating in the pool . Should have ordered the more expensive version from Frontgate .
 I ordered a Princess Belle doll but received Sleeping Beauty . I believe someone was `` sleeping '' at the switch . I did n't have time to wait for a return so had to scramble to find another gift in time for the birthday party . You get zero stars .
 i was very disappointed to learn that after I ordered it I saw it at Target for 7.99 . Get it there !
 Do n't waste your money on VideoNow discs or the player , it 's not worth it . There are a bunch of new and inexpensive video players coming out in a few months that are in color . Portable DVD players are also getting cheaper . These VideoNow discs are proprietary , and the more money you spend on them the more money you throw out the window as this will quickly become an obsolete technology and your discs will be worthless .
 the picture has a set of tweezers thus you assume as a customer that you get the full set . I got only one piece ! Which was misleading as I could have bought this locally without having to run the shipping costs .
 I purchased this Gizmo , which is really cute , but it was not sewn very well . At the top of the leg the stuffing was coming out . I had purchased Gizmo as a gift and was rushed for time , so I stiched it up myself instead of using the return process .
 While it is n't a bad looking bird , when finished the Renegade has packed on enough poundage to make getting it to clear the pad an iffy proposition . I saw one fly this past weekend . It launched and staged fine , but while the sustainer performed its duty well , the booster section rolled over and came in ballistic . It landed in the moist grass with a heavy smack and it took some effort to pull it out of the ground . While I realize that cardboard and plastic are n't normally thought of as a peril , the booster section would have hurt had it hit someone on re-entry .
 My 14 month old got this toy for Christmas last year . She had lots of fun with it , as did my then 4 year old . The shower head was hard for the little one to squeeze , but that was n't the big problem . Despite our efforts to squeeze out all the water at the end of bath time , after a few months the inside of the shower head had so much mildew that we had to cut it off of the toy . We thought they could still play with the track part , but without the shower my girls soon got bored with it and it has not been played with in months .
 I bought this bath toy for my 2 year old . It 's not very user-friendly - the cars can barely squeeze between the car wash and roller functions . It took a lot of effort on my part and my son could n't do it himself . The sprayer was cute although my son could n't really do that himself either because you have to have patience for the sprayer to fill with water after you squeeze it to spray the water . I would n't recommend it for young toddlers .
 The car wash is very cute to look at BUT it is very difficult to play with . The cars do n't roll down the ramp and are even difficult to push through . The cars also do n't fit under the orange water hose . the picture displays a car under that can actually be washed but really not going to happen . If I could do it again I would n't buy .
 Another toy that 's just taking up space . I have been looking for the prefect bath toy for a while and still have n't found it ! :-LRB- My kids are 21/2 and 1 so maybe they are just too young , but I wish I could go back in time because I would not have ordered this . I wasted money again !
 This seems to be a little high priced for a bath toy , that is not all that much fun . My son loves cars so I thought he would love this . The only thing he likes about it is the cars . The shower part is hard for him to use and the parts that the car drives through -LRB- the spounges and scrubers -RRB- are almost to small it is hard for my little one to push the cars through it .
 In the picture , do you see where the purple car is in front of the orange sponge ? Any normal person would assume the car `` drives through '' that spot to get scrubbed , like a real car wash . But apparently the engineers who designed this toy has never been through a car wash . The sponges are too close together so the car wo n't fit through . Same issue with the purple spinning things on the other side . The orange thing with white polka dots is a squirter that is so stiff , even the adults have trouble with it.Although I like the fact that the cars flip upside-down to become cups , I 'm sorry to say the Sassy company screwed up and missed the basic concept of a car wash .
 I bought this toy for our 19 month old son . Even though it shows rated for a 9 month old . He loves to play in the bath and have a variety of toys . I thought by the description and all the different things this toy could do it would be fun for him . I was wrong ... The idea is to have it run like a car wash with of course some imagination involved as well . Well the scrubby pads do nothing , the rollers you have to use such force to even push the car through , how a child can even do that is beyond us and the spray hose feature by the time you put the car under it there 's no room to spray . Also , you have to keep pumping the spray hose to even get a good spray from it after squeezing 10x . For the money I spent I am VERY disappointed . I got this as a Christmas Gift and now less than a week later we put it away and do n't even use it . My son found no enjoyment from it cause the features are not user friendly .
 We purchased this last Christmas for my son . Within 6 months it was completely broken . The wooden beams that thread through the stable divider and go into the two main sides did n't stay in and got lost . And the beam at the top had plastic ends that snapped into holes on either side of the stable which broke in the hole and could not be used any longer . I felt it was cheaply made so returned it to the store I bought it at for a full refund . Ironically they no longer carry Plan Toys . I think overall Plan Toys are made well , the way the stable was made just affected the quality of this particular set . We are much more pleased with theCountry Barn .
 These beads are super heavy and probably suitable if are making your own stuffed dolls , but not really any good for a beanbag chair , unless you bought a whole mes of them , and then your beanbag would be pretty darn heavy . The bag was smaller than a pillow you 'd put on your bed , maybe a third of that size in volume , so it is not going to help fill anyone 's beanbag , because if that 's all the extra stuffing you need , you probably have n't even noticed yet .
 This xylophone 's cord which connects the stick is insanely short . So short that it makes the playing the end notes impossible . The manufacturer never tried to actually use this thing . Plus it 's overpriced for what it is , better alternatives out there .
 The description of this `` book '' is very misleading . You needto have the rest of the toy for it to work . My son receivedthis as a birthday gift and was very disappointed that itdid n't work . You have buy the unit that it goes in andthen it 's some sort of electronic game/book . I have yetto find the thing I need to buy for it to work .
 I purchased this item thinking it would fit the new `` Learn Through Music Touchpad '' I purchased for my 2 year old grandson . It must be cartridge for an earlier version of the toy , because it would not fit in the new one I had purchased . I was raked over the coals by Amazon for not only return shipping , but also for the original cost to ship it to me . I recommend that the description of this cartridge include the fact that it will not fit any newer touchpad . After contacting Amazon customer service , a refund was issued for the shipping . Thank you , Amazon .
 There are more than one Learn Through Music players . Several of the cartridges on here -LRB- especially used -RRB- are for the older version and will not fit in the newer `` touch pad '' version - but they do not say that in the description . Beware or you , too , will have disappointed little ones !
 I bought this for my son last Christmas , and we only put it up a total of eight times , and it is already broken . The posts that hold the tent up come apart and break very easily . Now it may hold up better if you set the tent up and leave it up . If you plan to take it up and down ... forget it !
 I had no idea that there were multiple Learn Though Music versions . My grandson was very unhappy when he got two new -LRB- actually used but new to him -RRB- games that will not fit in his player . Be careful what you buy ! It says NO WHERE that there are different versions of this player . The cartridges themselves look the same but there is about a half inch difference in size .
 I purchased this item thinking it would fit the new `` Learn Through Music Touchpad '' I purchased for my 2 year old grandson . It must be cartridge for an earlier version of the toy , because it would not fit in the new one I had purchased . I was raked over the coals by Amazon for not only return shipping , but also for the original cost to ship it to me . I recommend that the description of this cartridge include the fact that it will not fit any newer touchpad . After contacting Amazon customer service a refund was issued for the shipping . Thank you Amazon !
 Be sure you are ordering the right cartridge . I bought a Learn Through Music `` touch pad '' . The discription for the touch pad or game cartridges does n't say anything about a `` touch pad '' game cartridge or regular game cartridge.My 2year old grand daughter was so happy to get a new game and then it would n't fit -LRB- this cartridge is smaller -RRB- , she was not very impressed .
 My daughter got this present for her one year birthday . She loved it !!!!! But one week later , my 3 year old nephew came over and somehow ruined the microphone . Since my nephew is 3 and does not have a slobber problem from teething or anything , the micorphone should have been able to handle it . Since it ca n't even handle a 3 year old , I wonder how long it could survive a one year old who was still teething . And since the microphone is ruined now , everytime the piano is turned on , there is very loud and annoying static . She ca n't play with it anymore .
 Personally , I hate this toy . Of all the toys my 8 month old son has that make noise , this is the most obnoxious . When I finally ca n't take it anymore , I have to shut it off and lure my son to another toy.My son , on the other hand , LOVES it . He 's not old enough to be coordinated with it yet , but he loves the lights and constant music/noise . It is only because he seems to love it so much that I have n't thown it out the window.If you 're looking for a piano for your child , get a different one . This is n't a piano as much as it is just a music machine . If nothing else , for your own sanity get a different one ! Not to mention the microphone broke after about 2 months ...
 my daughter absolutely loved this toy at 8 months . she learned to use the microphone quickly & it was a huge favorite . however , the toy developed a problem with some kind of short in the microphone cord that causes very nasty sounding static after only 6 weeks of use . it is definitely not up to v-tech 's usual high quality .
 I 'm not sure how this toy ended up with a 4.5 star rating after all the broken microphones !! Ours was yet another that broke within 2 months of gentle play . It was n't thrown or dragged around by the microphone or anything of the sort . My son loved it and figured out the microphone very quickly . He loved to see the lights and the little puppy `` dance '' when he `` sang '' into the microphone . I continued to let him play with it even after the microphone shorted out and the static began and he still kept trying the microphone until he got frustrated and then I finally put it away . I wish I had spent the money on something that would have lasted longer . My son is now 18 months old and the only other toy he has ever managed to break was the Vtech Nursery Farm which was broken 3 weeks after Christmas last year , just before this piano broke . I highly recommend Fisher Price or LeapFrog toys over Vtech . We have never had a problem with their toys and 2 of the 3 Vtech toys we have owned have broken on us . Garbage !!
 I bought this toy because I could not resist the huge smile my 9-month-old got on his face when he saw it . When we got it home , my husband was constantly annoyed by the way it would `` harass '' our son . It would chatter for a bit after he went off to play with something else -LRB- for instance it would sing `` If you want to sing a song , play with me '' a few times after he crawled away -RRB- . Then the microphone broke after a couple of weeks . I can see this is a common problem by reading the other reviews . After two months the toy broke completely and it wo n't work at all now .
 I tried this toy at it 's lowest volume , and it 's still lound enough to damage young eardrums . Remember that this toy is much closer to their ears than yours .
 We received this as a gift for my daughters first birthday , she absolutely loved it , in no time at all she figured out how to use the microphone . She loved the lights and music and would dance . BUT in less than a month it was broke !!! Called Vtech and had to send the item back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- for a replacement . And 6 weeks later I received the replacement , needless to say my daughter was overjoyed to have her toy back , and low and behold ... after 3 weeks the microphone did not work again !!!! If you are going to make a toy for 12mos-3yrs you really need to make it more durable !!! the cord seems to pull just enough to break the connection somewhere , and thus a very unhappy 1 year old -LRB- and mom -RRB- . I guess I could play the send it back and get a new one , but until they fix the cord for the microphone , I will just skip it , not worth the shipping each and every time .
 I read many of the reviews on this product ~ after I ordered it for my grandson for his 1rst birthday ~ now I worry ! Seems this toy does n't hold up well , if I listen to what I read . This was not a cheap toy once you 've added s & h ; then taxes . I could tell by looking at the picture that the microphone cord was indeed short but thought it might not present any problems . As for the static I read about , now that upsets me . I 'll have my daughter keep me informed on the performance of this toy and it 's life span . I do understand it 's gon na get beat up by the little tyke . I 'll be back with the history of my grandson 's first piano.Cindy Breault
 I purchased this `` book '' for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . I found out 2 days before her party that this `` book '' -- as it is referred to numerous times in Amazon 's product description and review -- is not actually a book , but a cartridge for the Learn Through Music system . The book is useless without purchasing the $ 35 system . Nowhere in the description does it mention that the Learn Through Music system is required to use the `` book '' ... it just keeps mentioning how great and educational the `` book '' is . For those unfamiliar with the very new Learn Through Music system -LRB- it is n't even listed anywhere on the Fisher Price website -RRB- , it is impossible to know that this product is actually an accessory to a relatively pricey product . It comes up when searching for Dora the Explorer books and just appears that to be a neat electronic book in a series called `` Learn Through Music . '' I 'm very disappointed with Amazon for not being clear with the description .
 `` Let 's all go to the farm to see our animal friends!Let 's all go to the farm to see our animal friends!Vaminos ! Vaminos ! Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go!Vaminos ! Vaminos ! Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! `` If you can stand to here this little ditty three thousand times , then by all means buy this cartridge for your `` Learn Through Music '' system . This song is played on EVERY page . It drove our older kids absolutely bonkers -LRB- even with the volume turned down -RRB- . We found the Blues Clues cassette to be much less irritating .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grand daughter , she was not impressed when it would n't fit in her game . This game is for the regular Learn through Music not the Learn through Music `` touch pad '' . It does not say anywhere in the description about what game this cartridge is for .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 2 because she loves Dora . After getting it home and turning it on we were blasted with noise . It is too loud and annoying for anyone to tolerate , even our daughter . I work in television and we just listed it as one of the most dangerous to little ears toys . It goes up to 89 decibals , but since most children play very close to their toys this can be up to or more than 110 decibals in their little ears ... . louder than a rock concert . Put earplugs in if you have this toy or just stay away from it .
 I can not believe I did n't read the reviews !!! I only read the product description and thought , like others , that this was a self contained electronic book . I am upset that my daughter missed out on one of her gifts for her 3rd Birthday . The reletive who purchased it from her wishlist was disapointed that their gift was useless and will be returned.I have always loved Amazon.com but am a bit angry with the display of this product .
 The puzzle should have the planets ' names indicated and placed in proper relationship to each other
 I really liked the concept of this item . However , from the picture provided , I was under the impression that it was a cute little dust ball that would hang from my partner 's office window and subtly say `` I like dust balls . '' When I received it , I was surprised to find that this `` little '' dust ball is actually quite large - roughly an 8 '' diameter , much bigger than the picture indicates . I wish the seller had given some indication of this , as I most likely would not have bought it otherwise .
 I dislike it . Nothing particularly special about this magnetic toy . The LED light is useless and dark . Even using the product in the dark you do not get much light to brighten up the toy .
 This toy is pretty cool . Good to bring to a science class to demonstrate magnetic fields and stuff . It levitates and you can spin it , but otherwise it 's boring . Not fun to play with for long .
 The Dunn Rite basketball/volleyball set was bought for my children for Christmas after we had a new pool installed . Within1 1/2 New York pool seasons the rim of the basketball net rotted and left rust stains all over my new patio . I know in the `` everything is disposable '' world we live in today this is acceptable but I was hoping to get at least 5 years out of this set . I was very disappointed and would not recommend this set to anybody
 We got this for our kids at Easter . It looked great and the kids really enjoyed it , including my sons friends . Unfortunately , about 2 months after we had it , it started to rust and ` bleed ' down the goal post . I actually e-mailed the company of the basketball goal and never heard a word . Now swimming season is over and the goal is going to the dump . Looks terrible.Bottom line , we really enjoyed having it but the rust over rules .
 I was expecting a full sized hoop and rim . I was drawn to it by the all plastic base and limited steel . I should have read the details closer . I am returning .
 Out of the box this game was a let down and waste of money ... the timer did not work and each of the playing cards had to be punched out of a sheet of flimsy cardboard ... several tore even though we tried to be very careful ... we will never know how much fun the game was to actually play since the timer did n't work ... we tried playing without it but my kids -LRB- ages 5 , 5 , & 3 -RRB- simply were not interested . My advice is to not waste your time and money with this one !
 I bought this for my daughter for fine motor enhancement . I found it rather difficult to do and I am pretty good with fine motor activities . It was pretty frustrating for her and , therefore , we did n't play it very often . I was not so impressed with it .
 We loved this train . The first Christmas that we had it Santa set it up on Christmas Eve . When the children came downstairs we used the remote to blow the whistle and start the train around the tree . The kids went crazy . It was one of those magical Christmas morning moments.In subsequent years , the train was still a huge hit with the kids and us ... until last year . We got the train out about a week before Christmas . We set up the train and it did n't work . We checked all the connections and nothing changed . So we packed it up , put it back in the attic and explained to the kids we 'd get it fixed for next Christmas.I called the local authorized repair shop for Lionel who infomed me that he ca n't get parts for this train and suggested I contact Lionel . To their credit , Lionel is giving us a new train even though we are 3 years out of warranty . That really impressed me . What disappoints me is that they only gave us two options for an exchange and only one was for a Christmas train . That train is a G scale Polar Express that retails for about 1/3 of what we paid for the Holiday Tradition set and does n't really do anything . I asked if we could have an O Scale Christmas train . It is $ 40 more than the O Scale train they offered us so I offered to pay the difference . There was no negotiating . That really disappointed me.So we opted for the Pennsylvania Flyer O Scale and I 'm buying a Christmas expansion pack . After we pay $ 40 to ship the Holiday Tradition train back to Lionel our Christmas train will have cost us about $ 460 -LRB- $ 320 for Holiday Tradition , $ 100 for the expansion pack , and $ 40 for shipping -RRB- . That 's better than $ 320 for a train that does n't work and I do appreciate Lionel doing something for us but I wish they were more flexible on the exchange.Why is Lionel doing something about a four year old train that quit working ? Because this is a poorly built product with `` known issues '' according to the Lionel customer service rep I talked to . So save yourself the grief . Buy the G Scale Polar Express or one of their O Scale Christmas trains -LRB- we really liked the Nutcracker Route -RRB- . None of them are as cool as the Holiday Tradition but if it only works for three years who cares how neat it is ?
 We were all really excited about this train , but that excitement only lasted for as long as it took to set it up . The trains are adorable , but , unfortunately , they barely move around the track .
 I bought this because I thought `` Lionel '' was synonymous with `` quality . '' Apparently it may have once meant that , but now it means `` piece of junk '' in my mind . This train has worked intermittently for the three years we have owned it . Like another reviewer I have pushed , pulled , cleaned , disassembled and reassembled many times to try to get it to work . It behaves like a two year old . Sometimes it listens , sometimes there is just no reason to try . I have sat and pushed the buttons on the remote for as many as ten minutes before getting the train to respond . I have changed batteries in the remote , repositioned them , stood close to the signal receptor on the engine , stood far from it , at angles and directly above it . When the train does respond , it is often with a lurch then a stop . When the button does work , the delayed start is quite annoying . It is very loud as one reviewer noted , though if it worked that might have only reduced my review by one star . My parents have a train that cost one-third the price of this that works every year right out of the box . Unless you simply want to add some frustration to your holidays , stay away from this train .
 I wanted to get a Christmas train that the kids and I could enjoy as they grow up ; something we could look back on . However , I am very disappointed in this train . My dad is a huge model train enthusiast so I figured Lionel was a great choice . I was wrong . The sound quality is very poor . I have plastic ornaments that sound better.It looks great . I have not complaints about that . However , no one will ever see it because it wo n't go around the track . At first I could give it a push when it would start off to get it going . After a few days , that trick does n't work anymore . The train does n't really `` roll '' around the track as much as it `` skids '' . The electrical contacts drag on the track to make the lights an animation work . It seems as this creates too much resistance for the under-powered engine to pull.This was for Christmas and unfortunately the packaging and receipt are nowhere to be found . Otherwise I would return it . I guess I figure it as Lionel and that quality or functionality would not be an issue . Bottom line , very disappointed.Fun
 Purchased this original train set for my toddler kids . Easy to put together . Very beautifully constructed ; however , by the end of the holiday season - the engine broke . Returned it and received a new product . The new product was also broken because it did not play the additional music cartridge with the Calliope Car . Also , as the train moves around the the track it is very LOUD and after a while gives you a headache . The remote works intermittently , in most cases - you need to be within 2-3 feet from the engine for it to work . We were disappointed and DO NOT recommend this product because of the surprising lack of quality and reliability .
 I bought this train as a pre-sale special 5 months ago . It arrived this week to a very excited dad and son . Looking at it raised our expectations of Lionel quality . Once set up our hopes were dashed as the grinding gears and loud clicking of the contacts as they passed over the track joints . The train did n't seem to `` roll '' on the tracks as much as slide around . This clicking , sliding , metel to metal slide sounds destroy any ambience the train sounds try to generate . Every car truck has the spring loaded contacts which generate the majority of the sounds.VERY DISAPPOINTED , will not keep this set . Not what I expected from Lionel .
 This train looks incredible , but unfortunately is so loud that we are n't sure we 'll ever turn it on . The animated & lit cars look very attractive - not cheesy or flimsy like so many plastic holiday decorations . The carols are nice , but you can hardly pay attention to them over the engine noise and the din of the wheels . My husband is a big kid at heart and loves things that move , light up , but especially those toys that have a bunch of buttons & gadgety features to play with . He thought this would be a train our kids would really enjoy as they grew up . This train does have all of the nifty gadgety features and the neat looking cars and remote were great to play with for the first few minutes , but the noise is so distracting that even my husband is a bit skeptical that we 'll turn on this train much after watching the train run for a few minutes . All in all , I am only moderately satisfied with this set . Since it is expensive for an under-tree train , we are not even sure we will keep it .
 Do not buy this Lionel Holiday Train Set . I bought this set about four years ago and it worked fine under the tree until this year . Now the thing does not work . Plain and simple , it will not move . I spoke to Lionel customer service and guess what - the set has been discontinued with no spare parts available . The service centers do not work on them . No refunds , no parts , no luck , no help . It can not be fixed , so now I have a nice paperweight that looks like a holiday train . The kids are soooo disappointed this year not seeing it run under the tree . How can an American icon like Lionel make such junk and be such rip off artists ?! I mean the run time on my set was maybe 35 times around the track over the last four years just at Christmas time , and now the thing does not work with no way to fix it . However good the set looks , only purchase it if you want to ultimately waste your hundreds of dollars ! The irony here is that the supposed icon in model trains makes complete junk while another `` no name '' holiday train set I have has worked great for 20 years running . It is infuriating and sad at the same time that Lionel model electric trains are now considered overpriced throw-aways by this so-called leader . Honestly , save your money and do not make the same mistake I did !
 It looks good , but like many others have already written , it 's very loud . Not only that , but the first time I ran the train it worked perfectly . The second time I ran it I had to give the engine a ` push ' with my hand to get it going . The third time I tried to run it , it took over 30 mins just to get it one time around the tracks . I took each car off and cleaned the metal contact points underneath , I wiped down the track to get all dirt off -LRB- but there was none - it had only been set up for 3 days -RRB- I even disassembled the track & then reassembled it just to make sure I was getting a good electrical contact . After all of that it still took another 10 mins of starting it , then giving it a ` push ' to get it going , before it made it around the track ONCE with out my assistance.The Lionel name brand used to mean something . Now they 're selling plastic junk . Dont get me wrong , I 'm not a train purist that thinks if the train is n't metal then it 's not a real train . I have an old no-name plastic train that I bought 15 years ago from Target that still runs perfectly . What I am saying is that THIS train is such a disappointment I will never buy another Lionel again.They obviously stopped caring about setting the standard a long time ago and are now just living off a past reputation of quality .
 This train is not of Grandpa 's Lionel Quality of the old years . While the pieces look great , They are soooo loud as to border on very annoying . The biggest disappointment was that the train engine actually died on us about a week into running the train .
 I purchased this train and it looks great and if it worked I would be happy . I called Lionel and they said &#34; sorry &#34; we do n't fix them and they do n't know of anyone that can . The woman I talked to said the G - Gauge was crap . I had a inexpensive Christmas train for many years when my kids were young and now I have grandchildren I had a little more to spend and I wish I did n't .
 I was given this train and it failed to operate after meer minutes . Lionel replaced the controller , it still did not work , then the entire set . The second set arrived and out of the box did not work either . Lionel 's QC is non-existant on this one and made in China rings through for poor quality indeed . I would not recommed this dissappointment to anyone .
 I just received this toy and it was broken . The stall doors are attached by a red elastic string so that the doors swing shut . However , they were broken and the doors fell off . The stall doors are not easy to get to and there are splinters in the wood . Then a week later , Amazon was offering it for $ 10.00 cheaper than what I paid for . I usually have a great experience with other sellers but not in this case . Plus , I have to pay the fee to ship it back to them and hope they reimburse me like they said they would . Agh !
 My daughter loves playing with baby dolls but not with the swing in this set . The other pieces are alright but the swing falls apart very easy and it 's hard for her to get the baby in and out . Buying the pieces seperate might be better so you do n't get the swing .
 I only bought the swing for my daughter . I do n't have the two other pieces . The swing is really cute , but it falls apart . I spend more time putting it back together than my daughter does playing with it .
 This sled was given to my grandchildren for Christmas . I bought it andthe winter heat sled . This one did not perform near as well as theblack sled . My son said lots of the children in the neighborhood enjoyedthe black sled . The red one just did n't go well on the ice that theywere sledding on . Maybe on deep snow it would perform better
 We bought this for our daughter and when we went to put it together on Christmas Eve , I was appalled at the poor workmanship . We had to pull out the super glue to make it work for Christmas morning ! I was disappointed to say the least . It also came with no direction so thank the good Lord I had help , because otherwise my little girl would have been so disappointed.Just thought I would let you know .
 The plastic is brittle and broke on the first little impact and I found in impossible to glue back together .
 The wheels are flimsy . One of them fell off immediately upon opening , and I discovered the other one on the same axle had the axle pushed all the way through it . Can not be remedied . My son fell in love with it as soon as he saw it , so I 'm hoping we can at least find a new one to exchange it for and that it lasts more than a few minutes .
 You always get the same cards , there 's no variation . Also it 's always to specific they need general effect cards . Not , you need to have 3 cards in your hand 5 on the field and your opponet must have ten cards over all on their side of the field if so send all active cards out of play .
 Why bother with this pack ? Sure , this comes with Horus , Mystic Swordsman , Armed Dragon , but who cares ? The commons are terrible , the rares ar n't worth it . Only one card stands out in this pack and that is Mobius the Frost Monarch . At least Rise of Destiny has cards like Back to Square One , The Creator and tons more . Stick to Rise of Destiny for great cards .
 i was a huge yugioh fan for almost 2and a half years . when i bought this pack , that all changed . the cards in this series were pretty good for a few sets , not any more now they are rather uncreative . but they are better than duel master cards , i saw duel masters cards once , and i knew they would never get popular .
 These figures absolutely bored me when they came out , making me wonder why on Earth I would want to go out and buy such things . Perhaps that way of thinking comes from being part of a generation that saw the earliest releases of these toys and then , though re-releasing , am allowed to see the ugly side of what can be created . The original figures , while not having the points of articulation that these , had a better look and a better feel to them . They did n't have ugly lumps of fur falsely hanging in some sterile breeze , nor did the Leia given to kids have a look on her face that said , `` I 'm a byproduct of a really angry ugly stick . '' No , they had a look that went hand-in-hand with the movie characters I remembered , making me feel like I was getting something akin to a recreation of what I saw.I 'm a big fan of the struggle on Hoth , too , so these words are hard to say . Still , I 'm pretty disappointed with these just like I was disappointed in the paintjob given to the newer releases of the AT-ST , the way the TIE bomber looked , and the way some of the other pieces that have been given to the viewing audience went . I did n't expect a Luke with legs that curve like they do holding a lightsaber that is one of the worst looking ones I 've seen , nor did I expect other weaponry that was so low in caliber . Honestly , it seems to me like quality is given away for newer points of articulation . Movement in the knees and swiveling arms - something I 've yet to see anyone do as of yet - do n't make up for it , though . Not by a long shot.If you want a recreation of a certain smelly beast -LRB- no , not Luke -RRB- and a droid , then I suppose you would be happy with what you received here . Those two pieces are done well , but its kind of hard to mess up the subzero pack mule and even harder to do the walking canister wrong . If you can overlook the faces on the products you 'll be even happier , and if you can look past the fur on Chewbacca 's arms then you are a better person than I. Personally , I would look around and find the originals .
 Do n't know if all the original Tracks are like this or the other reissues . The foot snapped off on mine then I returned it for an exchange . Shortly after while I was transforming it , I was sliding one of Tracks ' hands out and one of the sliding side pegs that held the hand in place snapped . It resulted in the hand coming off . A great while after that a peg that held the whole upper car rear on back snapped off completely while I was transforming him . The toy is cool but the plastic is too cheap . Buyer beware .
 We loved this float but after just three weeks the fabric in the seat pulled apart . It was n't a seam rip but the fabric itself just pulled apart . Very disappointing .
 Used this chair only once , and just like another reviewer stated when I went to take it out today , the nylon material around the inflatable tube was all shredded at the seam . Very disappointing as others reviewers stated it was the best lounger they ever had . It was very expensive to fall apart at the seams . I am sending it back today for a full refund . Although the chair did n't meet my expectations , Amazon is great for sending a return label to send it back .
 I was n't impressed with this chair AT ALL The first time it was inflated , the seams burst ! My husband blew it up and I used it in the pool for about 30 minutes . I left it on a lounger overnight and the next morning all the seams were shredded . It took several days for all the air to get out so I could return it . Not sure that I would purchase anything else from this manufacturer .
 The material around the inflated tubes is already starting to pull apart after less than 2 weeks . The float has to be adjusted for the different size people in the family . One size does not fit all .
 Do n't waste your money it 's just an inflatable it is so not worth the $ 100 . The material rips and most inflatables rarely last more than a season anyway . If it was made with a thick foam and better material I could see the value of it but this seems like a major scam here .
 Received this promptly but it has four places that must be filled with air and this is not an easy thing to blow up ... . stuck it back in box and figured I 'd garage sale it out ... who wants to sit at beach or on boat blowing up this thing for an hr .
 This game was very long and boring . It also had no real reference to the simpsons . Someone who has never seen the show before can do just as well as I could in this game . Personally I am looking for some simpsons trivia in there . This game never leaves our shelf , it just sits there collecting dust . WE played it a few times to feel like we got our money 's worth and that is about it .
 It took forever . We started to cheat to speed it up -LRB- openly -RRB- . A function in the game pulls people backwards almost every time they get near the end . It seems like a broken game . The rules do n't make sense . We were n't very clear about how many questions to ask when passing wilds and whether all the questions come from the same card when you ask questions . Not enough simpsons in the questions themselves , or sometimes , too vague a reference for anyone to remember or even answer the question . The questions seemed biased to be easier for women . The questions were often worded in such a way as to not be understandable or leading you off the wrong direction . For example
 Having never been given Hoist as a kid 20 years ago , I had to wait two decades to get him . Hoist is for the collector or nostalgic fan only . His transformation is not that great , and his robot is somewhat lame . Like most G1 Transformers , his missles do not shoot , and its easy to misplace his parts He does have nice balance , so he will be wonderful as a shelf . But if you want him to actually play with , you should forego him .
 I ignored other reviews of this sleigh and bought it anyway because I could n't believe it could be that bad . It arrived with one bent runner . Also poor workmanship . Split wood where screws went in . I was able to straiten the runner.We just had a snowfall so I tried out the sled today . With a baby riding -LRB- 22 lbs -RRB- the sled travels on the back tip of the runners . The cross members act as snow plows . It would be easier to drag a cement block through the snow . I was very dissipointed as one reason I bought this was the brand name . I will be returning this .
 Ordered blue they sent me pink so I returned the item ! ----- and found the exact same item -LRB- in the color I wanted -RRB- at my local Ace Hardware store for less $ $ !!!!!!!
 The functionality of the product is OK but Grady 's online shipped me a pink one when I wanted the blue shown in the picture . Upon calling twice I got a message back saying they ship the color they have as stated in the product description . True , but is buried way down in the listing and hidden under a `` Choking warning '' so I did n't read that section . It should at least be much more noticable and they should list the colors as options or show all colors in the picture so you have more idea what 's going on . They said I could return it at my cost with a restocking fee . Ha!Amature internet vendors are a risk when dealing with Amazon marketplace vendors . Amazon should require better.Here is the listing in the product description . You be the judge if this is adequate . `` WARNING
 I ordered 2 blue hammocks & they sent 1 blue & 1 pink . When I contacted them , the lady said they ship whatever color their vendor sends them . In other words , GRADY 'S ONLINE sends you whatever they want ... not neccessily what you ordered . I 'm sure my nephew will love his PINK water hammock . GRADY 'S SUCK !!
 Wish this had a much better close up view so I could have seen it in more detail before I bought it . Took a chance and regret it - this is probably useful for 5 and under . After that , you have to get a real map .
 I love this puzzle 's picture . But , but , but ! The pieces were a disappointment -- many are very , VERY similar in shape -- even identical in shape -- hence , many pieces fit into spots where they do n't actually belong , at least before all the surrounding pieces are in place . OXO 's review puzzles me . All the pieces are `` not what they seem ? '' Huh ? Mine certainly are what they seem . Also , OXO comments that not all pieces interlock . I know the types of pieces OXO is referring to , but this puzzle -LRB- mine anyway -RRB- does not have such pieces . Perhaps this picture has been done in two different formats , because my pieces certainly do all interlock ; but many fit fine where they should not be placed , at least before all surrounding pieces are in place . Where there is an area of things that are alike , such as brick , sky or pavement , it is frustrating that a piece appears to fit into a certain spot until surrounding pieces are place , at which time one realizes that something is amiss . It 's a pain to then have to remove pieces , and makes the puzzle less fun than it would otherwise be.All in all , I would give this five stars for the whimsical picture , but only 2 stars for the way the pieces fit . On the plus side , the pieces are thick enough to be durable , and the box is very durable . I just threw away the mat . It 's a big piece of felt , with cardboard you can form into a box to keep the rolled-up felt in . Cute idea , but I had no need for it . Perhaps you would like it .
 This flashlight was probably my grandson 's favorite Christmas gift . Unfortunately , it did n't make it 24 hours before the flashlight part quit . I should have returned it but by then the packaging was gone ... . Do n't waste your money .
 We wanted to get this toy for our older boy but never got around to it . So with our next boy we decided to go for it . We were so excited!We had trouble finding one that worked properly in the stores -LRB- there were n't many to choose from -- they must be popular ! -RRB- . When we got it home we realized we somehow picked one that did n't work . I ca n't remember now if the light did n't work , or would n't turn off , or if it was n't making the sounds . Looking online we realized that it was a very common problem . We took it back and traded for another because we really thought it would be a fun toy . On Christmas morning , the new one did n't work . VERY frustrating , because it 's such a cool toy ! Both our boys were excited about it even though it did n't quite work.We gave up and just kept it anyway.So fast forward about a year ... it 's been in storage for a while -LRB- I was rotating through our toys -RRB- . I brought it out and it does n't work at all -- no lights or sounds . So I put new batteries in it . Now it 's working just as good as new . I 'm wondering how long that will last ? Oh well , my boys are still enjoying it . I just ca n't figure out why it 's so fickle ? I really think it 's just poorly made.So be prepared if you end up buying this toy -- it 's not likely to work for you !
 My son got one of these for Christmas and within 2 weeks it was n't working . We got the receipt and exchanged it . That one worked for a few months . This year , someone else gave him the exact same flashlight and it already only works sporadically at best.We kept the toy because even though it did n't work , he likes to play with Thomas and push him around , but it 's a pretty expensive push toy .
 absolutely a horrible deal-got it with broken pieces and useless instruction manual-lost money in sending back the package-never deal with these guy again
 I guess some people are right to call this a lite wargame . But to me , even as a rookie wargamer , I found it too lite . Basically it felt like i just moved units into obvious spots -LRB- cover areas -RRB- and throw a die . There seemed very little in the way of options and tactics or counters or flanking . While im sure the many many expansions might add more to options , i didnt go that far with it.While im not afraid of randomness , i found that how the game splits the board into 3 sectors and you had to play cards to move in each sector just meant that this mechanic just limited more of your options . Setup took a while , and even if you have 20 minis or 100 minis on the board the strategy or fun never got better.If you want a WW2 game where you can use strategy , i recommend go somewhere else . Even if your a noob to wargaming .
 Memoir 44 is a well designed , 2-player game -LRB- each player could have a partner but it did n't work out well when we tried it -RRB- . Everything sent with the game is well made from the instruction brochure which is clearly written , designed and well-printed to the sturdy game board.Players choose from one of the 16 battles provided and follow the battle-specific instructions . They even recommend which battle would be easiest for those of us who have never played a war game before . Pieces are placed on the game board , where the battles are fought . The board is made up of a number of hexagons and divided into a left flank , center and right flank by two red lines . The battle instructions include what kind of terrain as well as the number of infantry , artillery and armor units the chosen battle has.While almost everything about this game is done well , the instructions , though well written , need help . I think that 's because no one in my family has ever played a war game before ; we are first-time users . We found the game a bit confusing since there are a great number of variables and situations that are unexplained and that led to questions that were not answered in the instructions . Make no mistakes , this game can be a little complicated . It 's not like trying to understand string theory , but it 's not like Monopoly either . This YouTube video is very good to get the general idea about the game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcpngM7MOJQThese links might also help you decide on this very well designed game . http://www.m44platoon.com/index.php?option=com_content&task;=view&id;=19&Itemid;=40http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/168250
 All you can do with this toy is move the arms up and down -LRB- not in a karate chop motion -RRB- and move the legs . There 's no karate chop involved . I got it for my 4-yr old grandson , and he was disappointed that it did n't do what he thought it would .
 Very soon after I played this game , like 2 minutes into this game , I instantly had this feeling
 As soon as I opened the grey case , I could see that these dominoes were NOT new like advertised . There are scratches on the back of every dominoe and the paint is chipped in places . Also , these dominoes are smaller than any other set I 've ever played with , not sure why they 're advertised as `` big '' .
 A lot of the dominoes in both sets have drastic flaws in size , shape , dents , & quality . That old adage of , `` you get what you pay for , '' holds true with this inexpensive & very inferior product .
 Bought this for my teenagers ... very chinsey . . falls apart about every time its touched and the ball wont even go thru the basket unless u are right beside it and slam dunk . . at which time the poles break loose ... dint buy it get a bigger better one !
 I gave this to my five year old granddaughter who is our Tinkerbell fan . Before three days passed the wings were gone and it was just like any other dolls that size . I wish I had n't spent the money on it . After all , what is Tink without her wings in the mind of a five year old ?
 Product is top heavy and flips over whenever you make a basket . It needs to be weighted on the bottom .
 I ordered this for my son for christmas and we take it out and it says a `` reccomended '' accessory is a battery and charger ! Nowhere on the site does it even mention it or can it be ordered before you check out . I understand the need to charge extra for the battery and chager but the toy is marketed as assembled out of the box ! This is a prime example of crappy customer service . Fix your site so another childs x-mas is not runied!Fed up in Florida .
 This is one of the worst toys ever . It is poorly made . On the very first flight , the plane crashed into the ground nose first and the styrofoam split apart . The plane flew a total of about 8 feet . The same as a paper airplane . Our 11 year old was heart broken . We glued the styrofoam back together and tried a second flight . On the second flight , the plane flew about 50 feet . However , when it landed , the styrofoam that held the engine onto the wing broke apart . Do not buy this toy . it is not worth the money and it will only disappoint the recipient .
 I think this toy would be awesome if it worked properly . The air coming out of Nemo 's mouth is not strong enough . Therefore , it blows one bubble and it pops ! My friend has one and her 's works great ! Can this be replaced ?
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old nephew because he loves Buzz Lightyear and of course loves playing with bubbles . I brought C batteries because that is what the description said it used . When we went to put the batteries in on Christmas Day , we were suprised because the battery compartment was for 2 `` AA '' batteries . Fortunately , I keep batteries at home , so I had them . We put them in , and ... nothing . We tried another 2 batteries , but still ... nothing . I hope I kept the receipt because this was a bust ... on Christmas Day !!! Very disappointed .
 Blows one big bubble at a time which pops before it even leaves the machine . Gazillion bubbles ?? Not so much .
 I bought this for my son as a reward for his toilet training . While He was thrilled with it , I am disappointed . It only blew one big bubble at a time , and went through Batteries like crazy.If Buzz Lightyear was n't such a huge hit with my son , it would have been a total waste of money.Lisa
 This product is not worth your money and for educational purpose just get a fish or a tadpole .
 I purchased this kit to use in my first grade classroom . My students were so excited and began keeping journals when we could first see the sea monkeys . The hatchlings were very tiny but visible . One week later they had all vanished . We are very disappointed !
 This toy was way too advanced for my grandson . He is 5 and the toy was really not suitable for him . It required adult supervision , which was a buzz kill for him and he lost interest immediately . The label says ages 5-10 , but I do n't think 5 is old enough . He is all about immediate action and this toy is all about sitting and waiting for things to dry , etc. .
 This toy is ` nt that bad but it just is ` nt that good to play with . My biggest problem is that it does ` nt come with a decent weapon , or any armor . If you want a better one get the gimli uruk-hai two pack.This toy is ok.There 's not much to do with it.Any possible leg movment is blocked by that cloth , and that arm thing is ` nt useful in battle.Not that it 's a bad figure it just does ` nt match up to other lord of the rings toys .
 Hey Lurtz really is the strongest orc . I mean he could break even if you droped him 10 feet on to a hard surface . Speaking of his face it is dead on . But DO NOT get your hopes to high if your looking for a ACTION figure!Mabe if your kids play with him they will read the books .
 Bandai America tried to change this Megazord to be different from its original version , Daibouken.I should also note that on the biggest Power Rangers message board , we had about 30 pages of people complaining about how bad the Drivemax Megazord is . That means there were 600 posts on how much the Drivemax Megazord stinks.Here 's how its changed-Good-It 's bigger ... well , there were a lot of people compalining about Zords being too smallBad-1
 its good as a toy but not on display . fun for little kids but not good for collectors good leg movement for a megazord .
 This is useless!Flash takes ages to load , in fact you must push the mode-button continiously for 20 times othervise it auto shuts!I have no idea what the quality of the pictures is since I ca n't download those . I do know a thing or two about cameras and computing , so I do n't think it 's a use based problem.USELESS ! Do n't waist your money on this
 1 . This camera did not wind up being compatible with either my Mac OR my PC . Even after downloading the updated drivers and installing the software , I do n't get anything . Ca n't access it from the ` My Computer ' area , either . So there is no way to actually use the thing .2 . The camera contains about ten of those ITTY BITTY screws that are really easy to lose . For a child 's camera . So if the batteries run down while you 're trying to get the pictures off , you wind up losing half the screws -LRB- which are also nigh-impossible to put BACK into the camera -RRB- . Keep in mind , this is marketed for children . : / I am not amused .3 . My daughter was very , very sad and frustrated , because she was looking forward to having a camera of her very own . Waste of time , waste of money . I do n't know who thought this was even a good idea .
 We bought this camera at the store . If we had read the reviews online , we would n't have bought it . It does take pictures . However , you ca n't download them at all . She 's very disappointed . I heard that the Fisherprice camera is supposed to be good . So we 're going to check the reviews of it .
 The camera did n't work when I got it . I tried new batteries and charging it . Only got it to turn on once and then it never worked again . Very disappointed . DONT BUY !!!
 Camera did not come with batteries , and you need a eyeglass screwdriver to open the battery compartment . And of course screw is super duper small so you better keep track of it in able to but it back in .
 Bought 3 of these online for granddaughters for Christmas . Total disapointment . You better be well educated in eletronics to know how to work it and have a magnifying glass to see the screen . Pics DO NOT DISPLAY in back like you would think . Must be uploaded to computer . I dont know very many 5 yr . olds that can do this . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 if you are a SPACE 1999 , you will be extremely dissapointed with this figure ... is simply cheap , doesnt look like Alan Carter & breaks easily . I tried very carefully to get the figure out of the box and one of the arms was broken . I thought that it was repairable , but no it was broken beyond repair . Save your money and buy one of the really expensive `` EAGLE '' Spaceships and you wont regret it -LRB- at least in the long run -RRB- but these figures are a waste of money .
 While I am enjoying this product . I was very disappointed by the low quality of the manufacture . I guess I should n't expect too much considering the price , but the helmet was attached with scotch tape for crying out loud . Otherwise it falls apart . Not that it fits over the space suit anyway . There are also decals stuck onto the fabric of the suit that fall off at the slightest touch . And the rest of the figure is flimsy to the point that I 'm afraid to touch it for fear of breaking it.This thing makes a fun knick knack , ... but if not for the low price , I 'd be pissed.It 's fun to have on your desk so you can say to your friends , `` hey look at this piece of # $ & # I bought '' . Cheep cheep cheep.Other than that , it 's great .
 My daughter was given this when she was 1 - now she 's 3 . She also had a radio flyer that had been through several other children . This scooter never worked well . THe wide front base made it difficult to steer and the tires would n't spin on a rug , even a low pile one . She hardly ever used it . Spend the extra dough on the radio flyer .
 I purchased the Frodo with a drawn sword in the trees like the picture shows for my 5 yr . old son . We purchased it from YOU GOT A DEAL . He was so excited waiting for it to come . Imagine my 5 yr . old son 's disappointment when it arrived in the mail and we opened the box -- there was Twilight Frodo ??? Not what we expected and NOT what we ordered !!! And now his three older brothers all have their LOTR figures to play with and watch the movies with and he does n't have his . I do n't know how to get the correct item ? I am not happy !!!
 This lasted ONE day . Then the seam seperated and we had to throw it away . This was a total waste of money . It would have been a cute idea if constructed better .
 My daughter loves Dora and I thought this was cute idea . Well within the few minutes you turn on the water hoes it exploded . That was it for this dora toy .
 Legolas was the first LoTR character I bought . Only three complaints . His left arm does n't go down , it just sticks out to the side . And his right arm wo n't hold an arrown to his bow . I think the reason why is because my Legolas must have been one of the first versions of him made -LRB- I got him before the movie was released -RRB- . So he does n't really do much , except hold an arrowless bowas if he were going to fire an arrow with it . The paint job is exquisite work , and very `` elven '' . However , his ears are not elf pointy . His ears are hobbit pointy . I was n't too happy about his ears . But overall , it 's a great figure for a setup or display -LRB- which is the way I have all my LoTR characters -RRB- , but not at all very playable . Just for looks . And again , this is one of the first versions of him . I do n't know about the newer versions of him .
 This model cube is known throughout the cubing community as the biggest piece of garbage . Everyone avoids them . It 's called the `` dollar store cube '' . Nobody in their right mind would use this as a speed cube , so I do n't know where these other guys are coming from.I have dozens of cubes , and this puzzle is by far the worst . The quality is absolutely horrible . Yea , it has tiles , but it really does not make up for the poor quality of the cube mechanism . If you try to lube it with silicon , the pieces melt together.Seriously , spend a few extra dollars for a rubik 's brand , or better yet , a DIY -LRB- do it yourself kit -RRB- . If you want durable stickers or tiles , search for cubesmith , and get a set of tiles from them .
 I 'm one of the geeks who knows how to solve the cube . Fluidity of turning is very important . Not only does this cube not turn well . When it catches it tends to fall apart . It 's very frustrating.I agree that the stickers on the Rubik 's Cube can be frustrating . But the Rubik 's version performs so much better . If you only solve one side once in a while and want a cube for the novelty factor , this would be fine . But if you 're looking for a cube that performs , turns and solves without frustrating catches and breaking apart , this cube is not for you .
 This item is more of a stuffed animal with straps than a backpack . The pouch is too small for any practical use . I returned the item .
 will never order from amazon again have sent many request for return address and how to get my money back never got response the back pak had a little zipper which only fit a pencil in it it was a gift for my grandson to carry things in very dissatisfied on return policy
 I purchased this product for my 3yo thinking of making a good deal for the price . Unfortunately the toy is qualitatively below what I expected for the following reasons : Cartridge
 First , the problem is that if you accidentally bump into the console , push a button too hard , or breathe on it wrong , it freaks out . The television picture goes all wonky and it lets out a sound rivaled only by the Emergency Broadcast alerts . My daughter almost passed out twice when she heard it.That aside , there 's just not very much that 's interesting about this device . Yes , it reads stories , but really , all that means is that it shows a picture of Dora and her friends while an adult who sounds nothing like Dora reads the text . Then kids can press buttons to make the characters do little actions , like waving or rocking in a ferris wheel chair . The text is just like closed captioning , with one word at a time highlighted in blue as it 's read aloud . I thought there might be more instructive material here , as it 's touted as a program to help kids learn to read . Really , kids who are n't yet readers are just not going to look at the words . It 's a waste.I did n't think this product was even still sold . I do n't know how it can compete against the many better products for kids that are out nowadays to help kids learn to read .
 The item arrived to us the week of Christmas three weeks after we had ordered it . It arrived with several broken and several missing parts . Amazon would not send us new parts , they would only replace the unit if we shipped it back first . This was to be a Christmas gift to my son , so that was not optional . Had the order arrived when the order tracking said it would I would have had time to return it .
 When I tried Load and Shoot SuperSoaker , I was very dissapointed . It does n't Shoot that far , and the water capacity is very very small . It was easy to refill , but I had to refill about 20 times in 5 minutes . I would only recommend the Load And Shoot SuperSoaker to little children , not big kids . For older kids , I would recommend the A.R.M 4000 XL water gun , and The SuperSoaker FlashFlood . Overall this is an OK water gun . With small capacity and low shooting power , this would not be the water gun of my choice , so I would not recommend this expensive toy .
 This is the worst water gun ever . It 's shooting range is six feet.Do not get this water gun !
 This is not a good watter gun.The reloding is complicated and the power , range and water capacity are extremly low . it shoots about 10-12 ft , this is about the same as your average squirt gun you might find in a pary favorbag , or on sale at walmart for 25 cents . In all i would not recoment this to anyone .
 This is the worst water gun ever.It 's shooting range is six feet.Do not get this
 I bought this for my 8yr old , thinking it was the next step after Bop It ; i was disappointed , as well as my son ... it is much more difficult , the ball falls on the floor and gets dirty after a while -LRB- especially if you 're not the neatest housekeeper in the world ! LOL -RRB- , and there is n't really much to the game , so it gets boring quick ... I then bought Bop It Extreme 2 and my son was delighted ... much more fun !
 This is the third Plan toy we have acquired . The first was a stacking cone , which our daughter really liked , but the paint was unstable on that toy - if you rubbed your hand on it , color came off on your hand -- and it just kept coming off over time ! I wrote the company to ask what sort of paint they are using and to explain what was happening but no response ever came . A friend gave us the Plan toaster set and the paint was stable on that toy -LRB- that is , it left no paint residue on our hands -RRB- . And NOW , certain items on the breakfast tray -LRB- like the toast -RRB- are also leaving major paint marks on our hands and on other toys . I am a professional artist so am puzzling over this paint and what the problem is with it . They seem not to be using the same type of paint consistently on their products . There is no reason why a high quality , non-toxic paint should be leaving these sorts of residues . I can only guess that they are buying whatever comes up at a given time . Notably , though they advertise the non-toxic nature of the paint , they do n't say what sort of paint it is . Also , the tray is made of plywood . It is an adorable looking toy , but I wo n't be ordering any more Plan toys after this experience . Next step is to test the paint for lead residues .
 I have n't yet given this to my 18 month old so I do n't know what his reaction will be but the food is very much smaller than I anticipated - not life-size at all . The rasher of bacon and sausage look like pieces of wood rather than anything edible . It is all much less life-like than the Melissa & Doug wooden food . Perhaps I 'll update the review if my kid absolutely loves this stuff but I was a bit disappointed .
 Wow . This is one cheap doll . I highly recommend everyone -LRB- no matter how big of a Munsters fan you are -RRB- to AVOID this doll . It broke - LITERALLY - the first time I touched it . Save yourself the hassle of returning this terrible item and avoid this doll . Herman Munster is eternally cool , but this thing is the worst !
 The computer players play entirely at random , including randomly folding top hands . Therefore , you can win every single game by pressing the raise button every single time , since this forces the computer to make the most decisions , giving them the most opportunities to fold a winning hand . This device will therefore not improve your poker game at all , and is n't any fun .
 Listen , this toy is just for starters which this leads to being a 7 year old toy . This toy is whack and I 'm about to turn 14 in January . I 'm twice the age when its January of 2012 already . I got this for my 13th birthday back in January as my gift and I insert fresh batteries back then and now I 'm still using the batteries for almost 7 months . Look , I ca n't open the battery door anymore because accidently I opened it with the knife . What if the battery died , I wo n't have a way to play the game anymore to insert new triple A batteries . This unit does n't have an all in button and you have to call/raise limited or you may fold . If you lose without money you ca n't do buy-ins instead you 'll have to start the game all over again . This only gets 7 players instead of 8 . A real Texas Hold 'em game has to have 8 players . This unit ca n't have a no-limit mode or a tournament . Closing
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 ONE STAR is generous . We 'd LIKE to like this product . But they sold us the wrong part . So we ca n't attach it to our Goalrilla backboard . So it is useless . And no one -- from the manufacturer -- GOALRILLA -- to the second party distributor -- PLUMSTRUCK -- to the third party customer service firm -- HAYNEEDLE -- is even trying to be helpful.BEWARE
 At first , I got excited that it does n't require any batteries , as we use a lot of them in our house . But after we got the gun and tried it out , we quickly became disappointed with it . It is very VERY hard to blow bubbles out of it . You have to pull on that trigger for a long time until ANYTHING comes out . And most of the time it 's the solution , not bubbles , the solution just runs out of the barrel . VERY hard to form bubbles with this gun for an adult , not to mention a 3,5-year-old kid . And keep in mind , it 's 1 bubble at a time ! You spend a minute working the trigger and then , if you 're lucky , you 'll get ONE bubble . So , it 's a disappointment . I would recommend to invest in a battery-operated automatic bubble blower , that blows a lot of bubbles at once .
 I have to agree with the other reviews . i to had a problem with the trigger also . i thought this would be a great toy . the no spill holster seems to work great.and the gun only shoots out 1 or 2 bubbles at a time . so my toddler and my dog got board
 I loved the idea of this toy . However , it does not function . You have to pull the trigger quickly and the younger kids are n't coordinated enough to do this . When you do pull it quickly , there are maybe two or three bubbles blown . However , that is about 1 out of every 6 tries . I would not recommend .
 These would be great if the magnets were stronger - as such they barely hold together . It does n't help that the plastic is very slippery as well , the pieces easily slide off of each other . Building some of the larger , more complex shapes in the illustrations is very difficult .
 I ordered 2 two deck poker cards . One of the decks had 2 cards that had black marks on both sides of the cards . The decks also felt gritty . They were not smooth , but were very slippery . My Mom has plastic cards that are very smooth and looked like half of the depth of the Da Vinci Ruote cards . I will be sending them back . This was very disappointing as I love my Mom 's plastic cards , and I have been looking everywhere for some , I was hoping I had found what I was looking for . Very disappointing for the price they ask for them .
 cheap material , not plastic 100 % , would not be good for more than 3 games , not recommended at all . bad product
 Let me see if I can put this politely ... I bought this futon with the understanding that it came with the frame and the mattress . Almost half of the product description talks about the mattress and cover after all . I got the frame for it early , but I expected the mattress to follow shortly . Then I found out such a mattress was not included.Why would the description fail to mention that the mattress and cover were n't actually included . It seemed to rather explicitly say that they were.The frame is great , exactly what I wanted . However , the frame alone is not worth the price charged for this . This product is highly misleading . If there was a zero star rating , I 'd give it that because of this fact.I placed my order before either of the other customer comments were posted , so I had little warning . If you feel that the frame alone is worth the price , by all means buy it , but otherwise look elsewhere.An additional note as of Sept. 29 , 2004 : I contacted Home Visions shortly after finding out about the absence of the mattress . Not only were the customer service reps rude to me , but I got absolutely nowhere with them . They suggested that perhaps I had misunderstood the description . Also , &#34; nowhere does it say that the mattress is included , &#34; I was told . Well , it also does n't say the frame is included . They then suggested that I send them the futon at my own expense for a refund minus shipping and handling for both ways . Then , I finally got a response to my email complaint , offering me a ten percent discount on a mattress ordered through Home Visions -LRB- which I suggest people ask for if they do n't mind dealing with a company who has &#60; insert polite word &#62; them once -RRB- . I found the same frame at a local dealer with a better mattress than Home Visions even offers for less than the cost of the frame alone through Home Visions . Not to mention the sales rep there threw in some bonus items in addition to my purchase . Lesson learned
 I was so happy to get my futon until I got it . It did n't come with matress and there 's no way to one through amazon . Products should n't be shown that come seperate from the product you want . I had to call around town and find a place that sold the matress seperate . I 'll be be doing my furniture shopping in person instead of online from now on .
 man , i bought this and i thought it would come with a mattress and it did n't . for this i think the company should at least have the courtesy to refund us or at least give us a free mattress , because buying another good mattress would cost about the same i paid for the FRAME ... with NO MATTRESS !
 The product description does n't make it clear that there is no mattress with the frame . It should be called a futon frame , not just futon . It describes the frame and then the mattress . Only states covers and pillows sold seperately , not the mattress . They do n't even have a place where you can order the mattress . VERY DECEIVING !
 This Futon Frame is pretty good , except for a few scratches and one piece that needed a little hammering , but please be aware that there is NO MATTRESS included with this Futon .
 You would not want to repair any cue that is worth repairing with this kit.The head of the cue clamp is smaller than a cue tip and it 's angle is slightly off . When you press the cue tip against the clamp , one side of the cue tip will separate from your cue , causing a bad bonding . It comes with 12 low-quality cue tips . The chalks are okey , except that they are not even square and sizes are slightly different . I wonder how the sizes of the chalks can be made irregular . Maybe they were made by hand ... Oh , one more thing . To prevent the cue clamp from scratching your cue , the kit comes with some felt cloth . However , you have to put the felt cloth on the clamp by yourself and the glue on the back of the cue clamp is not sticky enough ... I 've decided to go back to my old repair method ; buy my own cue tips , apply glue and let it dry a little before pressing the cue tip onto the cue , drop the cue heads-down to the floor a few times to make sure a good bonding , shape the cue tip after a few hours .
 The top is a lot smaller than the tops I had as a kid -LRB- a looooong time ago -RRB- and , as a result , is less stable and harder for a toddler to use.He 's able to get it spinning but not able to keep it vertical when he let 's go -LRB- I have the same problem -RRB- .
 Kept it but was very disappointed in the size . I really did n't look at the size or notice it in the ad but remembered how big they were when I was a child .
 I had these toys as a child -LRB- now 30 -RRB- and I bought one a long time ago in target for my girls , loved it , had it for at least 2 years before they kind of broke it by throwing it on the floor even though I was able to pop the 2 pieces back together but now after doing it hundreds of times it really ready to be thrown away . So I bought this one since could n't find it anywhere in stores . Hugh disappointment . The thing does n't spin ! . The handle is `` stuck '' ca n't press down on it to make it spin . It will go down but no spin , it 's forcing it down . If you hold it upside down the the top stays up does n't spin down like it should . Any ides what can be wrong with it ? Something appears to be `` too tight or needs some oil ? Do n't know . If any of you have similar problem let me know and if any of you have any ideas on how to make it spin would really appreciate it . Thank you
 This is , by far , the worst delivery I have experienced with an on-line order . I am not able to review the actual product because I still do not have all of the parts necessary to use this basketball hoop , despite the fact that it was ordered a month ago . The original shipment did not include the rim , net or the necessary hardware to install the rim . How do you forget to include the rim assembly for a basketball hoop ? I called Amazon and they were very friendly and offered to send me an entirely new system -- pole , backboard , etc. -- because they can not just send the rim assembly . Alternatively , they said I could call Spalding directly and Amazon would reimburse me for any expenses . I called Spalding directly and they agreed to send the rim assembly and `` no doubt '' it would arrive within three days . Six days later the new rim arrived , but the bolt-pattern did not work with the backboard , so I am going to have to mail it back to Spalding . Supposedly , the correct rim has been shipped , but I remain skeptical . The people at Amazon and Spalding were very pleasant and apologetic , but this has been ridiculous . In retrospect , I seriously regret buying this through Amazon . Any money saved has been far exceeded by time spent and frustration of trying to simply get all of the parts . I have purchased through Amazon many times and this is the first problem with a delivery . This experience , however , is enough to give me considerable pause before ordering anything that is either large or that requires timely delivery .
 I would have to second the other reviewer 's comment that the legs are flimsy and break off . We 've owned the doll less than 24 hours and the legs broke immediately , the belt also broke in the first day . The problem with the legs are that they 're held onto the body by a rubber band attached to a flimsy plastic rod in both legs , and the rods break . For $ 25 , I expect a toy to last longer than a day . Please improve the quality of this toy !!!
 This doll is nothing but a bootleg of the very unique and expensive Blythe Doll , now thats a cute doll . In comparison this looks like a dragqueen when you compare it to the Blythe Dolls as you can see I 'm a Blythe fan all the way ... in conclussion do not get it is cheap , it will break , and you will be better off getting an original Blythe true they are a bit $ $ $ expensive but in my opinion they are way better than this crappy things .
 What kind of moron with no children decided to discontinue a popular doll and replace it with an ugly interpretation that looks nothing like the original ? Here 's Madison Ave. again telling us what we should like , instead of LISTENING TO US . My daughter has a couple of the classic style , and I wanted to get her a couple more , but I 'm not buying this garbage . I guess it 's off to the auction sites ...
 My sister used to have a lovelly little 8 '' Madeline doll , which , though some of my friends thought she was freaky , my whole family , particularly my sister , really liked her and thought that she was very sweet and accurat to the book . Unfortunately , we lost the doll at an airport a few weeks ago , and have been unabloe to retrieve it . She would like a new Madaline doll for her birthday , but when confronted with the new version she started to scream , and I can quite understand this as it looks like a pretty pretty mutated alien Barbie with cat 's eyes , and nothing like the adorable , quaint little Madeline in the books , who has the round chin , pebble eyes and short hair of the origional doll , which captured her charactor much better . She is an adventurous scruffy , brave schooolgirl , and in not a pretty pretty Barbie . Please please bring back the old dolls . You can be sure that we will not buy your yucky new model.P.s . Madeline in the books wears a little straight dress , not a red wolly jumper and skirt .
 When I saw this doll in the store I realized that all the cute , classic Madeline Dolls were going to be phased out . Even though my daughter was only 2 at the time I rushed out and bought up all the original dolls . I 'm saving them to give her for holidays as she gets older.This glammed up version is hideous . Why ca n't toy companies stick with what works ?
 I loved the original 8 '' Madeline and friends poseable dolls . They were true to the storybook characters . I am very disappointed that they have changed the design and hope that the company will rethink their course of action and bring back the original dolls .
 My 5 year old daughter loves the Madeline stories . Her comment on this doll
 Please , please being back the original Madeline , friends , and accessories . My 4 yr . old daughter and all her friends LOVE playing with Madeline , love the books and videos and think the new dolls have `` weird looking big faces '' . One of the little girls said that the new dolls look like `` aliens '' and she 's upset because she wants Madeline 's friends for Christmas but wants the dolls that look like the ones in the books and videos ... the `` real ones '' not the `` weird looking ones '' . Please let 's try and maintain some integrity in this crazy world ... the classic Madeline stories have been around for decades for a reason ... they 've stood the test of time ... let 's try and stick with what works !!!!
 I went online to order more clothes and figures for my daughter 's collection and was dissapointed to find the original series has been discontinued . I showed my daughter the pictures of the `` new '' Madeline and Miss Clavel . She said , `` That is NOT Madeline ! '' I 'm so glad we purchased Miss Clavel , Madeline , and Pepito before the new line was introduced . I will hunt in the resale shops to see if I can find characters from the original line . They were so much cuter than these .
 I usually give the gift of Madeline when my younger daughters have a party to go to . My daughters also have an extensive 8 inch and 15 inch Madeline collection , and adore the cartoon . Imagine to our surprise and horror on a trip to Toys R Us , and we saw that `` new '' Madeline doll . My daughters were so confused and upset , and so was I . You do not know what this does to children who have grown up with Madeline , and love her JUST THE WAY SHE IS . I voiced my concern with management , but their response was that the `` old '' Madeline was n't hip enough . With that , I immediately left the store , and went to an independent toy store that still carries the classic Madeline line . How sad that doll companies now feel they have to resort to `` hoochie mama '' tactics , and make their wonderful dolls look like Bratz Dolls -LRB- that goes for Barbie , too -RRB- . If this is the future , I will continue to take my business elsewhere . Parents who are in no rush to see their daughters play with dolls that look like trollops should do the same . Do n't let Toys R Us dictate what your daughter should play with , or that being a normal little girl is suddenly uncool . Support an innocent childhood , and continue to seek out the `` old '' Madeline ; you wo n't regret it .
 Is the point of a doll based on a children 's book to convey the style in the drawings ? Or is an illustrated character supposed to be made more `` realistic '' in three dimensional form ? Everyone is entitled to their opinion & is expressing it forcefully regarding the new doll ... so here 's my 2 cents
 Looks like a cross between My Scene Barbie and Strawberry Shortcake . This is NOT what parents buying Madeline dolls want.This Christmas my plan was to buy my daughter a bunch of Madeline dolls , accessories and the house . I will no longer be doing that .
 Like , what happened to the old Madeline ? She was , like , totally cool , I mean , like , for sure , you know ? This new `` Maddy '' lives in Beverly Hills and wants to say `` We love our bread , we love our butter but most of all we love to go shopping ! ''
 How sad that the makers of the Madeline line could n't recognize that madeline is a `` little '' girl - not a teenager . I 'm disappointed but not surprised . The rush for children to grow up seems to never end .
 The new generation of Madeline -LRB- & friends -RRB- dolls certainly do not convey the characters found within the classic Ludwig Bemelmans books . They are a very modern `` Britney Barbie '' version ... a very disappointing version at that.The new Madeline dolls might be appropriate if Madeline was geared towards 13-year-old girls , but the stories -LRB- and dolls -RRB- are for girl 's ages 3-8ish ... the makers of Madeline `` sold out '' . Shame shame !
 I have to agree with the first reviewer this doll looks nothing like the Madeline who was so cute , we were all familiar with.I do n't know why the company would want to ruin a good thing ! I would n't waste the money !
 This `` new '' Madeline is horrible looking - not cute like the original . I showed it to my 4 year old who loves Madeline and she did n't like it at all - she said it did n't look like the Madeline in the books and videos . This new doll is a huge disappointment - I guess the toy company is trying to reach out to a different market of girls who like the Britany Spears look etc. . . The toy company should realize that if something is a hit the way it is , do n't change it !
 I have and love the older version of this doll with the `` dot '' eyes . It looks just like the Madeline character in the book . This remodeled doll looks like a Barbie wan na be ... . what was wrong with the older version ????? My daughter loves it !!!!!
 My 8-year old daughter and I are very disappointed in the new Madeline doll . She does not look anything at all like the real Madeline in the stories . The only reason I spent so much money on the doll house , the furniture , the accessories , the dolls and their outfits is because of the wonderful nostalgia , the history , the sweet innocence , and now there 's no reason to buy a Madeline doll if she does n't even look like Madeline . Sometimes it 's better not to tinker with something when you have such a special creation such as Madeline . The company could have found other ways to increase their sales ; there 's always a new generation of girls that needs to be introduced to the classic Madeline . They , like my daughter , will fall in love with her if the stories of Madeline are kept out there to keep her image alive . I can buy a contemporary doll anytime I want ; I 've bought the Barbies and Bratz dolls . But I bought Madeline for her very uniqueness , and now that is gone . I am very sad that the company did this . Our little girls grow up too fast as it is , and now the manufacturer of Madeline has jumped on the bandwagon with this modern creation . I do n't think they did a thorough enough market research job on the `` whys '' people buy Madeline , or should I say `` bought '' . Sure , the new doll is cute ; but she is not Madeline - even my daughter noticed that . My only conclusion for the company selling out is that they do n't care anymore about Madeline 's specialness , they just want to sell a doll to kids . Sad .
 ... and has anyone seen the new Pepito ? Oh please ! What is he wearing ?! The reason Madeline colectors were Madeline colectors in the first place is because of her uniqueness . She did n't look like every other doll on the shelf . Give us back the REAL Madeline . I 'm not buying this junk .
 I was horrified to realize that the `` real '' Madeline dolls were being discontinued and replaced with these Barbie-esque imposters . Why ? My two daughters love Madeline and her adventures , but they would n't recognize this doll as Madeline at all , and is n't that the point ? To enter into the world created in the award-winning books and the charming videos ? The only local outlet here has already run out of the real Madeline dolls , and others seems to be having the same problem . Just try to successfully bid on Madeline dolls on E-bay . They 're very , very popular items . I 'd really rather buy the dolls the normal way - bring back the real Madeline !
 I can not believe Learning Curve committed such a travesty with the revamp of Bemelman 's beloved Madeline characters ! They have turned this group of sweet innocent little girls into another group of Bratz . This was a horrible mistake ! When I learned of the switch , I went out and bought up all the older dolls that my daughter did not have yet . Since Learning Curve has stopped making the older versions , I 'd suggest to any mom to do the same . They 're getting harder to find .
 I am a mother trying to shop for some new Madeline clothes and dolls for my daughter . She already has some of the dolls and clothes and I had hoped to get her a few more for Christmas . But the `` new look '' dolls do not match , and furthermore , they are far too tarty for little girls . Madeline was a good gift idea for parents concerned to give their daughters as normal a childhood as possible , with fun toys appropriate for five year olds . I ca n't believe they have been changed into these new smirking , sleazy tarts - Madeline used to be a haven from that junk . I will still get some of the clothes and furniture but will search around for other less exploitive gifts.Other books , toys , videos I recommend for young kids
 My daughter and I were so disappointed with the `` new look '' of Madeline . She is a big fan of Madeline and she wanted to know if we could return it for an `` old one . '' The new one does n't have that sweet quality of the original madeline . I hope Toys R Us will continue to stock the original Madeline . Remember the `` new Coke '' . Classic Coke and Classic Madeline are here to stay .
 If my three-year old daughter , who is a huge fan of the REAL Madeline sees this doll , she would not recognize it . This redhead looks more like Britney Spears and a Barbie doll than the Madeline in the Bemelman 's stories . Cleverly enough , Learning Curve left the same body , so they could exchange the outfits with the `` classic '' Madeline , but do n't be fooled . If your child loves Madeline , she would not like this hideous doll . HUGE disappointment . It should be taken out of the market .
 I had the opportunity to `` rate '' this doll prior to its release through an on-line survey which was e-mailed to me . One portion of the survey asked me to have my daughter look at a picture of the `` old '' Madeline and the `` new '' Madeline and write down what her comments were . She is three and her comment was that the `` new '' Madeline `` had on pretty make-up '' which sort of sums up this new doll . Personally , as the spender of the toy dollars , I find the new doll to be much more made-up and `` trendy '' looking then the older style doll and not appealing at all . It is not a doll that I would purchase . In addition to her trendy look , she also seems somewhat disheveled and unkempt in comparison to the old style dolls . Whereas the `` old '' Madeline has a timeless appeal and seems to please both young and older children , I feel the `` new '' Madeline is trying to capitalize on current trends and would be more appealing to older children . I much prefer the gentler , simpler look of the `` old '' Madeline line and will continue to purchase the older line . It will be a sad day once they are completely gone ! I can only hope that they will continue manufacturing both styles or else I will have to stock up on the `` old-style '' dolls for my younger daughter before they are no longer available ! In short , I can only hope the `` new '' style doll is short-lived .
 What was once an extemely cute and whimsical doll line has become a visual travesty . I have not purchased this product , nor will I. I will bend over backwards to find an old one somewhere on the internet because these dolls are honestly some of the most hideous I have ever seen . The only reason I gave it any stars at all is because Amazon wo n't let you give it no stars . I hope this new line bombs .
 I have mixed feelings about the LittleTouch LeapPad . The age range was 6mo to 2 years . At 6 mos my daughter was n't the least bit interested in this . At 16 mos . she was only interested in turning it on and off . Now at 21 mos . she 's more interested - but she 's outgrown the Let 's Get Busy , Baby ! - she already knows all the words and is bored enough to revert to just turning it on and off . Maybe it 's a good product for less active children . Mine 's not one of those .
 We got Little Touch Leappad for DS 's first birthday and he is now 19 mos old . His favorite book is `` If I were . . '' because he likes the pictures of the animals and the animal sounds.HOWEVER , he does n't like `` Guess How Much I Love You '' at all because it does n't hold his attention . I think it was a waste of money.Basically `` Guess How Much I Love You '' is the same as the regular story book of the same name . Leapfrog added sounds , of course , but the do n't fit in well with the pictures . The focus is on instruments and the sounds they make.If you have a small six month old baby , then this is the book you should buy because it the gentlest of the Leappad books . However , for a toddler , it is just too dull .
 My daughter loves her other Leap Pad stories and activity books , but she was bored with this one . As she got older , I hoped she would grow into it . She is now almost three , and it still does n't interest her . Plus , it is really no different than the regular book . -LRB- She would rather have me read the real book than listen to it on the Leap Pad . -RRB- Save your money - buy the book , do n't buy the Leap Pad version .
 This is not an interesting Leap Pad book for my 16 month old . He has an interest in instruments , but not in this book . Even my attempts to use it before bed to calm/soothe him have failed . Better off with others books in the group .
 Out of all the books we have purchased for our Little Touch - this is the one my child does not enjoy . It is too slow for my 3 year old to have much patience with . Maybe I 've read the board book to them too often and it makes this one drag . Also , the pages wrinkle easily -LRB- as do all the books for this product . -RRB-
 Though we have about a half-dozen books for the Leap Pad , we 've been using a single one for months . This past weekend , we pulled out Guess How Much I Love You . We were VERY disappointed . All it does is read the book . Our 11 month old has been getting used to clicking on all the various brightly colored pictures on a page and getting all kinds of responses , but this book has very little other than reading the story . I suppose there are children who like to get a story `` on demand '' , but ours is n't one of them . Also , while the pictures are beautifully done , they do n't hold his attention like the others . I think they 're better suited to a bedtime story than for an interactive pad like this , which is designed as an activity center . On a positive note , the vocal expression in the story is extremely good.Now a word about the story itself . We were also disappointed with that . Neither of us were familiar with the story for Guess How Much I Love You . My wife continued to read it after our son got bored with it -LRB- which took less than a minute -RRB- . As she read it , she felt that the parent was constantly playing one-upsmanship with the child . The child will say something along the lines of , `` I love you THIS much . '' Instead of acknowledging the child 's expression of love , the parent has to keep going one better , replying something like , `` Well , I love you that much TIMES TWO '' . So , the child keeps trying to make the parent understand how overwhelming their love is , while the parent keeps ignoring it and focuses on their own emotion . Sure , there 's something to be said for reassurance of your love for your child . But when they 're constantly trying to express themselves using the biggest things they know about , a parent does n't show off by proving they know about even BIGGER things .
 I was very disappointed with this book . My 19 month old daughter walked away after one minute . She liked the book that came with the Little Touch Leap Pad better . I worked with it for a little while to see if there would be anything interesting but it was just plain boring . This was a waste of money .
 I bought this for my grand daughter but apparently she ca n't use it because it needs something else to use it?My daughter in law informs me it needs the `` Leap Pad '' to play it in?There is nothing that tells you that it needs something to use it.So I have sent my grandchild something that she can not use.Why do n't you let customers know they need to purchase something else that this is an accessory item.No where does it tell you this!I am very dissapointed and will think twice before ordering from you again .
 You will not receive what is pictured but some other design . One of the two `` motors '' stopped working after one use , the other will not turn off unless you take the battery out . Very poor range , must be right next to it . We have already returned it , waiting for a refund . Very unhappy 7 year old who bought it with his own money .
 I bought this for my 13-month old son today and was disappointed . Given the title , I thought this book would have playful sing-along or dance-along type songs , but it does n't . It is n't very musical or fun . It 's not a cohesive story either ... but worse , I could n't even find a single page that I thought my son would like -LRB- after he walked away uninterested -RRB- . Setting 2 was especially boring , mostly naming objects & animals saying short phrases ; setting 3 had a little more personality and maybe some really short songs . I suppose it could be educational for an older child , but I 'm not keeping it to see.A fun book that I enjoy a lot w / my young toddler is `` Rainbow Fish 1,2,3 '' . It 's much more fun and musical , even though it 's actually a counting book !
 The game used to be good but now you can hardly ever get to log in , the game as been down for 4 days now , and the support never answer any of your questions you send them , the amount of players that have dropped out in recent times tell you the state of the game and the developers have never progressed with the game , yet after all this its still addictive but with all the problems the developers are having with it at the moment i wouldnt be suprised if the plug is pulled on the game ...
 I bought this house for my daughter who is 4 for X-Mas , that is all she talked about , I did some research and thought wow this looks sturdy and all the furniture to buy , yeah right !!!! As people said befoer their is NO furniture for this house , their is ebay but give me a break 40 for one room ! We were at Toy 's R Us last night and of course no furniture asked and was told that it is only available online , so we go look and it is twin time ! Called Fisher Price and the lady told me that I need to keep looking at all the stores and I might be able to find it one room at a time , yeah if they still made it and someone stocked it ! I ca n't believe Toy 's R Us is still selling this house and people buy it thinking they can buy the furniture , ours is going back tonight to Toy 's and we are getting the Twin Time house , thats pretty much all they have and they have furniture for this one ! My daughter was in tears and told me to tell Fisher Price that they are mean , lol , she did love this house but why buy Twin Time furniture when this house does n't have twins ?? I am soooo mad at FP !
 We purchased this dollhouse for our three year old daugther last July when she turned three . Fortunately , at the time , I went a bit crazy with ordering the furniture and bought almost all of the furniture sets that were made to activate the Sweet Sounds dollhouse . I just recently discovered , however , that you can not buy the Loving Family furniture that was made for the dollhouse in the department/toy stores . Instead , you have to buy it for three to five times the original price from an individual on eBay -LRB- i.e. , $ 54 and up for one set which originally cost $ 12 -RRB- . If you do decide to buy this dollhouse , the furniture that you actually need to activate some of the 200 phrases must contain an item called a `` BONUS FEATURE '' . The BONUS FEATURE are furniture sets that come with a certain furniture item -LRB- i.e. , wrapped gifts and balloons , parrot , blue television , tea set , blue teddy bear -RRB- that has a PINK or BLUE ribbon attached . Those items will activate the dollhouse sounds . Yes , you can still buy doll furniture from Fisher Price for the Twin Times Fisher Price Dollhouse that are on the same size scale as the Sweet Sounds dollhouse , but that furniture will not activate the dollhouse 's supposed 200 phrases.Personally , I think it is an atrocity that Fisher Price continues to sell this dollhouse with the marketing claim that it has over 200 phrases . A majority of those so-called phrases are activated by the extra dollhouse furniture that you USED to be able to purchase . Hence , the claim that Fisher Price -LRB- aka Mattel -RRB- makes that the dollhouse has over 200 phrases is misleading and false advertising because the dollhouse only comes with a few pieces to activate the dollhouse sounds -LRB- i.e. , adult female , adult male , child female , cat , and tape recorder -RRB- . That 's it!Someone else put together a list of all the sets you used to be able to purchase so you can see what I 'm talking about here -LRB- although the representative picture of the displayed furniture on the left is not always the same item as the boxed picture on the right -- the boxed picture on the right shows the correct furniture to activate the dollhouse -RRB- . Please see
 This dollhouse
 EVEN THE GREATEST IMAGINATION CAN GET BORED WITH NO PHYSICAL PROPS . HOW CAN YOU SELL A DOLLHOUSE WITH LITTLE TO NO FURNITURE IN IT OR AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE ! THIS IS A DISGRACE . . MY DAUGHTERS IN LAW BOUGHT 2 FISHER PRICE HOUSES FOR MY GRANDAGUHTER 'S OWN HOUSE AND ONE FOR HERE WHERE SHE STAYS 3-4 TIMES A WEEK . MY GRAND DAUGHTER 'S FIRST COMMENTS WERE -- ? WHERE THE BEDS ? WHERE 'S THE BATH TUB ?? THEY BOTH PURCHASED THE ITEMS IN TOYRUS AND WAS TOLD OTHER FURNITURE WOULD BE IN TO FILL THE HOUSES . WENT BACK AFTER CHTISTMAS AND WAS TOLD NO PIECES WERE AVAILABLE ... WHAT DO WE DO NOW !!
 I 'd like to prevent others from going through what I just went through with this dollhouse . We bought this for our 3 year old for Christmas . The theory is great , however the sounds that come with the dollhouse have been riddled with problems . On our first try , the dollhouse was messed up somehow so that when you placed the dad in the chair , it made a radio noise , the cat made the mom noise , etc. . We took that dollhouse back , and received a dollhouse that continuously made noise - it never stopped talking unless you hit the off button.I tried to call the service number that came with the dollhouse , and was given the message
 I bought this doll house for my daughter over a year and a half ago and now that she turned three she can actually appreciate it . Her appreciation will have to wait , however , because the furnishings for it are absolutely unavailable anywhere . Fisher Price customer service reps have given me conflicting information . It is really frustrating to buy a doll house and fear that by the time the furnishings are available , my daughter may outgrow it .
 We bought this dollhouse , because when we went to the store , it had an adorable display and looked like a step up from the Twintime Dollhouse , which has very small rooms . You could press the button on the display , and the people would talk to each other . My kids thought it would be great . When we were at Toys R Us , I looked for accessory furniture/people/animal sets to go along with this dollhouse . I did not see any . I thought it was probably due to Christmas just having passed . We got home , opened the dollhouse and discovered that there really were not many phrases that the provided people/furnitureanimal did , so I went to Amazon to try to find more sets in order to achieve the purpose of this dollhouse -LRB- to get the 200 phrases -RRB- . Thats when reality set in that we had just made a huge mistake . You can not find ANY accesory pieces for this set . You can go on Ebay and pay many times more than the original price for USED furniture . I was really disappointed . I even tried the Fisher Price website , only to find that they are marketing the Twintime Dollhouse furniture for this Sweet Sounds Dollhouse . What a shame and a sham ... . I really like Fisher Price toys and we have many , but I am very disappointed in the fact that they are trying to fool the consumer . What good is a dollhouse , if you can not get it to accomplish what it says it will do -- 200 phrases . Not to mention , what is included with the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse is not much . Just a Mom , Dad , girl , baby , swing , cradle , radio , cat , and a scant few more pieces . Definately not enough to keep the kids interested for long!There are actually three Fisher Price dollhouses that are still available , this one , the Twintime Dollhouse , and the one we eventually ended up buying at Value City -LRB- also available on Ebay -RRB- -- the Fisher Price Special Edition Townhouse . It has a doorbell that rings , doors that open , birds that sing , phone that rings , lights that come on , fridge light comes on , computer lights up -LRB- and is part of a desk set attached to the dollhouse -RRB- , and a fireplace that crackles and lights up -LRB- which is also attached to the dollhouse -RRB- . These things are all ON THE DOLLHOUSE itself . No accesory furniture or people are needed to make this happen . The battery replacement compartment is on the back on this dollhouse not the bottom , like the Sweet Sounds one . The front of the Townhouse has flower boxes with likelike flowers you place in them -LRB- comes with the set -RRB- . You can get it A LOT cheaper than the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse , too -LRB- almost half the cost -RRB- . It comes with a great deal of furniture
 I 've searched high and low for the furniture for this dollhouse . After looking at the Fisher Price website tonight I see they advertise the Loving Family Twins furniture for this dollhouse ! Hopefully Toys ` R'Us will take the dollhouse back now !
 While this is a really cute set , and sized for the little ones , it really is not meant to last . After one use , parts were broken . The clubs are not very sturdy , even for my son that was very careful with them . I would not buy them again .
 Got this for an Xmas gift , I did not want to keep it as we have another golf set.I was overuled.The holes are too small for the balls for a young child -LRB- just shy of 3 -RRB- . Instead of creating different challenge levels it was different levels of frustration , frommildly annoyed to enraged . Based on the other reviews I 'm sure it will bebroken and in the trash soon.The 13th thing of Christmas that is such a pain to me ?
 I wish I could expound on the fun of these golf clubs , but my kids broke off both club heads before I was able to open the other half of the package ! This toy literally did n't last two minutes before it fell apart . Upon examining the clubs there appears to be a design flaw with how the foam heads are glued to the plastic club shaft . Maybe I received a flawed set , but I 'm amazed that others on here were actually able to play at all .
 This product is cute , but did not last a day . We purchased it to use at my son 's circus themed birthday party and within an hour of light use the foam tip of one of the clubs had broken off . This was a disappointing purchase .
 This is a perfectly ok doll , but it is NOT Miss Clavel from the Madeline books , movies or animated series . In them , Miss Clavel is dressed as a nun , complete with headcovering and long dark dress . She is portrayed as older than this doll looks , more mom age than teenage . This doll looks and dresses like an English schoolgirl . If your daughter is using dolls to act out and make up Madeline stories , she will need to make up a new character to use this doll .
 Miss Clavel in the MADELINE books was a nun . This doll does not look like the original Miss Clavel . Are we again rewriting history ?
 I was looking for a fun phone for my baby . The phone is to quite . You can barely hear it . Plus it 's fabric on the front , which I do n't really like because you can sterilize it .
 This phone is soft alright - the `` music '' is sooooo soft that it 's barely audible . Not what I had hoped for from Vtech .
 Glad I only paid $ 6 for this . More than that and I would have paid the shipping to return it . It 's supposed to be for 3m + . The box says it 's `` infant-sized '' but it 's about the same size as a 1980s cell phone . The real problem though is that it 's partly covered in cloth which can only be surface-cleaned . My 6-month-old drools all over everything then puts it in his mouth and chews on it . Since you ca n't exactly run this thing through the wash the fabric would be covered in disgusting unwashable slime in a matter of days with no way to sanitize it . No way I want him chewing on that after a few days . I guess I can keep it out of his reach and play a song for him , but there 's no way I 'm going to let him play with it . Maybe it would be great without the cloth .
 I consider myself a very tolerable and patient parent when it come to toys with noise , however ; this phone is way too LOUD for baby/toddler . It actually startles my 15 month old and makes him cry because it is so loud . Plus , it is powered by the wonderful button batteries that do n't last . This was given as a gift , glad I did n't spend my money on it . Be aware that this phone is annoying , really serves no purpose and is too loud for babies ears .
 I love this guy , but mine had a bag missing and now I cant finish building him and i want a replacement , but I luv this guy and i wan na play with it fast , it isnt hard to build , just a bag with pieces missing makes me wan na break the thing .
 This toy is a nightmare to assemble . We got half way through putting the head together before realizing that the neck and jaw were not moving -LRB- see new sticker comment below -RRB- . If you want to torture someone 's parents , this is the gift .
 This was a Christmas present for our 8 year old son . It came in about 800 pieces and was missing the bonus item . This item is not preassembled ! My husband has been a mechanic for 10 years and it took him 6 hours to put this toy together . When put together the toy did not work properly and then proceeded to fall apart .
 Avoid this product ... it is impossible to remove the broken prop from the helicopter . If you are able to remove the old prop , the new prop will not operate as well as the original .
 My first order was a crushed box with parts under flaps . The second order was for 4 parts and I recived one . Bad packing again .
 original rotor ca n't be removed without breaking copter , or once replaced , no longer has any lift .
 The item description states that it is a replacement rotor that fits `` AirHogs Havoc '' mini helicopter.FYI it is NOT the same rotor as a the AirHog Havoc model . What arrived in my mail box looks nothing like the pictured product from the website , nor does it look anything like the actual rotor from the Havoc . Also this replacement appears to be made of a lighter less durable material , I 'm guessing one crash and it 's toast . Granted I ca n't prove that last statement because the retailer mailed it to us in a regular envelope with no padding , so the part arrived broken ... Thanks to Amazon , the refund process went reasonbly well , no hassels other than driving down to UPS.All in all , I applaud the customer service - but Boo the product in general .
 Got this for a Air Hog Havok that I got at Walmart . Broke the main rotor the first day and got these to replace . The stock main rotor was a real pain to remove , I had to basically cut the plastic shaft off of the metal center shaft . Used a bit of super glue to get the new rotor to stay on as others posted . Broke the new rotor after about 20 minutes of fly time and could n't get it off . It 's true what they say , you get what you pay for , do n't buy cheap helicopters thinking they 'll last you long .
 First things first , the rotor they sent me arrived crushed and in a few pieces . Thanks alot . My 9 year old son really appreciated it.Second , it 's not even similar to the rotor that originally comes with the Air Hogs Havoc . I do n't know if it even works as it came destroyed in the packaging.Why put this part in a flat packaging , as if it 's a book or something ? It was obviously squashed in transit ? Is that what overpayment for shipping gets you ?
 I think my title says it all . Did n't work . Blade do n't provide lift-Cheap flexible Plastic . I WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN !
 The item description says that the rotor is compatible with the Air Hogs Havoc helicopter . It 's not . The rotor does n't generate enough lift to fly the helicopter . I tried a dab of superglue to make sure that the rotor was attached to the stem , but it was n't a matter of the stem spinning inside the rotor . It simply is n't designed to lift this helicopter . Returned . For what it 's worth , the rotor seems to be built pretty well , just not right for the Havoc .
 Installation was easy but it does n't provide enough lift to get helicopter off the ground . It just sits there and spins .
 does n't work with an air hogs havoc heli generation 2009-2010 . Even after gluing the rotor to the shaft the heli was uncontrollable .
 The replacement rotors look good online however they are very cheap and flimsy . They do n't hold the weight of the helicopter . Also one package came broken which shows the quality of the product.IMHO buy a new helicopter that has a warranty or replacement parts that are supplied by an actual store.Waste of money
 Blade did n't work as described . Would n't lift helicopter off ground . Had to send back for refund .
 Save your money . I returned these . These blades are cheap and flimsy . One came broken . Not the same blades that were on the original Air Hogs Havoc Heli . They did n't even appear to be able to lift the heli off the ground .
 I just purchased replacement rotor blades for my son 's helicopter . The blades were so poorly made that they did not survive the shipping . After looking at the blades they would not have held up anyways since again , they were made very poorly . I would not reccomend purchasing the replacement blades from Drangonfly .
 Does not work , installs ok , it fits snug enough into the shaft , but something is wrong , the heli does not take off the ground like the previous reviewer mentioned , no , it is not spinning loose in the hub , i used super glue , way too much money for this , worthless rip off crap
 So I just received my second Crayola Super Art Coloring Kit - however , it is not the one advertised . I ordered the first one was told sorry , we 'll make sure you get the correct item . Well , I just received the second one and guess what - nope , not the right one again !!! There was no paint tray , no stampers , and no model magic . I am soooo disappointed in Amazon for having the wrong set advertised . There is not enough time before Christmas to get the correct set , so I will need to go out and buy additional items to supplement . Would n't have to do that if I got the right kit the first time .
 My 4 yr old received as an X-Mas gift last year . The wings do fall off and are sharp . However , it was my husband who we took to the emergency room less than a week later with a stabbing injury requiring stitches . I do have to say it is durable , however . When my husband frantically pulled the base of the plane -LRB- not the wings -RRB- that was stabbing and protruding from his body and threw it against the wall , the wall dented . The plane was fine .
 I bought this bat plane for my son , it looked like a very good product , but when he started playing with it I was quite dissapointed ... the wings fall off easily-many times with out even touching them , the rocket launchers and grappling arm fall off all the time too ! The figures do n't fit the plane very easily -LRB- u have to twist and jam them in -RRB- and once you do it is difficult to close the cockpit . This is a cool looking toy but was VERY POORLY developed as a play toy . It great as long as you do n't touch it , but since its a toy ... what 's the point ??
 My son received this as a christmas gift last year . It was great at first , but soon fell apart -- the wings do n't stay on well , plus they are very pointy and can be dangerous to small children . I was very disappointed .
 The plane 's wings constantly fall off . I had to superglue the wings and they still seem to fall off after a couple of weeks . The points on the plane 's wings are kind of dangerous . My 4 year old received several different Batman toys for his birthday because he loves Batman but all have been very poorly constructed .
 Batman Bat Plane By Mattel?Really ? I have two of the exact planes by Hasbro.I was completely disappointed in this item . Not only is it the SAME plane by Hasbro ; there 's NOTHING different . The least they could have done was add something . Anything.Well , they did improve the packaging . So , if you are one to keep items in the box , it will look great on display , over the Hasbro boxes.Not much I can say on this . A real disappointment from Mattel.Bottomline : Pros
 I bought this for Christmas for my daughter -LRB- 11 months -RRB- thinking it would be good learning and fun for her . But its really loud and there is no way to adjust the sound level . Also to learn from she really needs to have someone with her to point out the objects Leaping Lily is counting . Overall a very durable toy but does n't pack much of a punch for enjoyment or learning .
 I do n't know what it is about this toy , but neither of our twins -LRB- one boy , one girl -RRB- like to play with her . If I turn her on , they find her voice irritating and push her away.Sorry Leap Frog , this one needs improvement !
 Our 14 mo. old daughter received this as a gift . It was a waste of money - the buttons are so hard to push that she ca n't operate the doll without adult assistance . It does n't really does n't do much except sing a couple of songs - one of our least favorite toys she has !
 we loved the baby hug n learn tad , and bought this item for a birthday gift and was very disappointed . it doesnt light up like the baby tad . and the buttons are more difficult to press and it is not musical .
 Not happy at all with the quality of this item . I had one about 6 years ago and it was larger and better made . Im giving it as a Christmas gift and rather embarrassed .
 My husband and I bought this toy for our daughter when she was 1 . As others have said , she had the baby Tad and loved it . She did n't really show much interest in Lily and my husband and I found her really annoying . We ended up taking it back and exchanging it for a less annoying toy .
 My 2 year-old daughter received this toy for her 2nd birthday . She was so excited about it and played with it for all of an hour . That was a month and a half ago and Lily has n't been played with since . She really does n't do much . She only sings two songs ! Really , really boring toy .
 We have Baby Tad , which is great . I thought Lily would be really cute for my 17 month old . Wrong . It 's not interactive at all ! None of the buttons really do anything , she sings about 1 annoying song , and refers to things in the small book she is holding , which is not an easy association . I actually thought my Lily was defective , until I read another review here . Baby Tad holds her interest for longer periods of time , Lily was about a minute . BORING . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Just like others here on Amazon , I tried this out with my children and the solution dried WAY before it said it would . Essentially , I got 5 % of the mixture into the mold and then the whole mess dried in the bowl.If you bought this , all I can recommend is - try twice the water amount in hopes of keeping this more liquidy in hopes of it not drying in 2 minutes . Also , half the mixing time -- 1 minute is all you got in my opinion.Left my kids dissappointed and me grumbling over the hour of cleanup .
 I picked this item up for my 6 year old nephew who loves science.We put it together one night and I was surprised to find that the base and volcano are incredibly thin plastic that crack under any pressure at all . The plaster/sand mixture was impossible to work with , it just balled up into clumps and there was no real way of spreading it around smoothly . We both ended up with plaster all over us . Once it had dried , he was excited to get to paint it . As soon as he began to paint , parts of the plaster started breaking off in chunks.Hooking the plastic tubing up was not a major problem but I had issues keeping it hooked together . The `` pump '' system was supposed to send vinegar into a baking soda chamber to push up into the volcano . Instead the `` pump '' -LRB- which was a squeeze bottle -RRB- pushed the vinegar weakly upwards and then once it hit the baking soda chamber it clogged up . When it finally made its way out through the volcano after me squeezing the bottle as hard as possible , it barely trickled out . Once it had trickled enough , the rest of the plaster fell off as it got wet . He and his sisters just looked at me and asked `` Is that it ? '' After three tries we trashed the whole thing.Also , the `` rock samples '' that they give you in the kit are the size of the tip of your fingernail . I 'm a geologist and these are not rare , expensive rocks . There was no reason to not include larger samples.He was very disappointed in the whole thing and so was I. I ca n't believe that the Smithsonian put their name on this product . We 'll go back to our plaster volcano with vinegar and baking soda .
 I bought this volcano kit for my 8 year old son . We were really excited to put it together . We carefully read the directions and quickly mixed up the volcano mix -LRB- directions read you have 1-2 minutes before it sets up -RRB- . As soon as I added the water , the mix began to set up which made it impossible to pour into the mold . We ended up with a crumbly mess and no volcano . Needless to say , my son was very disappointed . I 'm pretty good at following directions , but this set up so fast it was ridiculous . -LSB- ... -RSB- Save your money .
 This was very disappointing . It did not erupt - it barely fizzled . I added 12 of the tablets and could n't get it to do anything . I would NOT suggest to anyone !
 bad toy . the instructions dont have you add enough water to make the plaster soft enough to get it into the mold . by the time you are trying to add more water the stuff is setting up and its ruined . this product sucks on many disappointing levelsmy son is angry and now my wife and I are fighting over the incident .
 This kit was a waste of money . The plastic mold was very hard to snap together and then it came apart once we added the plaster , which caused the volcano to not form correctly . We did not have a hole at the top of the volcano so we had to make one . The plaster volcano looked nice , but that was about it . We added at least 10 eruption tablets to the club soda and barely got a fizzle . It was a disapointing end to our study of volcanoes .
 How much fun is this ? I think I 'd rather wrestle a crocodile . We did n't even get past the building the volcano . The cement solidifies within seconds of the water hitting it , so you can forget about even getting it into the mold . And the mold itself feels like it 'll break if you look at it . We 'll try playing with the fizzy tabs later , but that will be after I make a traditional salt-dough volcano . My 9yro was EXTREMELY disappointed that his birthday present was a complete flop .
 Just rotten , my niece was incredibly disappointed . Just no way to get it poured before it sets . Horrendous waste of money & so disappointing for the kids .
 I 'll keep this short as most seem to agree with me . I agree with the other one star reviews - making the volcano was really a pain , and my six year old was sad because he could n't help -LRB- there was really nothing he could have done -RRB- . But what was an even bigger disappointment was the `` eruption '' . We followed the instructions to the letter and there was absolutely no eruption . Eventually we added all of the `` eruption tablets '' in hopes it would do something . Nope ... they all just dissolved at the bottom of the volcano . The club soda was just purchased that day and was n't opened until right before we used it . A total WASTE of money . On a plus side , right after this we went outside , mounded dirt around the club soda bottle up to the neck -LRB- making our own `` volcano '' -RRB- and then used a homemade recipe we found online for the eruption . My boys LOVED it ! It took five minutes and could have saved me a lot of time and a few bucks if I 'd done it this way the first time.Whoops , just realized this is n't the exact same Smithsonian volcano kit we purchased . Oh well , I think homemade is still better : -RRB-
 Got this product from the Easter bunny . Just as everyone else has experienced ... read the instructions , but was unable to pour the mix fast enough . It was hard and crumbly before we could even pour it . It filled in the holes and was hard before we could put any more thru the slots . Huge mess ... no volcano , just plaster everywhere , big crumbly mess !! DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 We bought this batcave for our 5 year old who loves his other batcave , joker houses , castles and superheroes ... this cave is junk , it is small , it is boring and it arrived in a old worn and torn box ... appeared as if it was dragged out of someone 's basement junk . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this cave .
 Plays two songs -LRB- If you can call them that -RRB- - One for counting - One for colors . Up there with Barney in regards to voice and melody . Not very interactive - You squeeze him and he counts items in his book or tells the child to find color . There is no option to actually select the answer so interaction is minimal.We enjoy so many of the other Leap Frog products , this one was a disappointment . Neither my 14 month old nor my 3 year old are interested in Tad at all . It was a Christmas present that I would not have chosen . For lack of a better word , this toy is the most anti-climactic in our home .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Every parent interested in this toy should know the chemical levels in this toy . Read this page . . The level of chemicals such as Chlorine and otheres is ridiculous .
 We were given Tad as a gift and at first we thought this would be a great educational toy . I thought the clarity is great and being biligual is very informative . Now the negative , Tad is just annoying . He sings the same `` Hi , I 'm Tad and you can count on me '' before every verse and it is just too repetitive . He then saye '' I have lots of brilliant colors '' before the next verse - over and over and over . The small book that is attached to his hand is way too small for any child to find interesting . We received him when my daughter was 11 months and now that she is 17 months , she still wo n't touch Tad even when I push the buttons for her.I would not recommend this toy unless you are looking for another noisy and annoying toy for your little one .
 I bought Tad for my 9 month old because I thought it was cool that he sang songs in both English and Spanish . Well , not only is Tad the most boring toy my son has but , he only sings in English ! I 'd skip this one and spend your 20 bucks on a toy that your baby can interact with .
 We bought Lily for my youngest daughter - it sings songs in French and she loves it . She plays with it every night at bedtime . When we discovered there was a Tad counterpart for her twin brother , we set out to buy it immediately.The catch ? `` Tad '' is bilingual , but only in Spanish ! A sad commentary on the ubiquitous and inevitable `` hispanization '' of our culture . Basta !
 Boring & Not Suitable for Independent Play , this toy was n't really designed with babies in mind , not even older babies . Toddlers in the 2 + range can probably figure out how to turn it on and off and activate the few songs it sings .
 This is an ok item . At least i was n't dissapointed with this as i was with the 50 in one BIG set i bought . This is just what you 'd expect .
 didnt receive all the toys . am still waiting for item . pieces have to be assembled
 I was soo disappointed when it arrived . This plush toy looks so different from what is shown in the picture . Nor realistic at all ! And the fur as ordinary as all plush toys ! We bought it for my daughter 's friend birthday and it is SO SHAME to give it as the toy does n't look cute and nice at all !!! The toy worth 3-4 dollars , no more !
 I RECENTLY BOUGHT A FASTLANE SUPERSONIC SPEEDWAY ITEM # 5980 ... FOR MY GRANDSON . IT COVERS AN ENTIRE EIGHT FOOT TABLE WITH DOUBLE TRACKS AND DOUBLE LOOPS FOR THE CARS WHICH ARE NOT ELECTRICAL BUT ARE PROPELLED BY MECHANICAL MEANS . AFTER SPENDING HOURS TRYING TO GET IT ASSEMBLED I STILL HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO MAKE IT WORK . I FEEL THIS IS NOT THE QUALITY OF ITEM I EXPECT FROM -LSB- TRU -RSB- ...
 As an experienced player I must say this clock is not quite what I expected . The clock does have a cheaply made feel to it , which I could deal with , however it does not keep accurate time . If one was to set the time limit for a five minute game it actually takes 7 minutes . The clock is not easy to stop as better made clocks , as it continues ticking if you turn it vertical -LRB- to insure hand is set correctly -RRB- . Many beginners would and should expect an instruction booklet which there is none . As I would like to return this item there is no information to help me do this .
 This is NOT a chess timer , it has no second hand , and no indicator of when time runs out . I do n't know what this is for , but do NOT buy it .
 The item came with no instruction booklet and it really needs one . Maybe the seller wants to avoid this by saying that it is very simply to operate , but I disagree . Perhaps you can not believe this , but since I received it I have been unable to stop it so I have the `` tic tac '' sound all the time -LRB- it does not have a mechanism to stop it , you just have to use your immagination and your fingers to press the buttons in such a way that they are even , but if you move it you have to start again -RRB- . Besides I am not so sure about the versatility of the item and a booklet would help -LRB- you need to know really how it works -RRB- . But forget what I say if you are very familiar with this kind of stuff , but if you are not , just keep this in mind.In the other hand , this item is expensive after all ; and the shipping and handling fee is also very expensive.Good things ? Well , I received emails all the time by the seller traking my package ; and I have to say that the wooden case looks pretty . But I was dissapointed however .
 I bought the timer as a gift for a budding chess player . I opened the completely plain white box without even any writing and found the timer ... and that was it . No instructions on how it works , no contact information , no nothing . It looks ok but feels pretty cheap when working the buttons in the back . Well , the person I gave it to is still trying to figure out how to use it . Guess you get what you pay for .
 This is an unbelievably cruel and thougthless thing - it 's torture for any animal . Think , feel - and DO NOT BUY !
 This came and was way too small . Does n't hold much , and ca n't support weight if you hang it . Do n't recommend .
 What insects lore does not tell you is that they will not ship the larvae if it is colder than 55 degrees . That became a problem for me since i purchased this to be a Christmas present .
 I bought this kit for my daughter and we all had great fun watching the larvae grow and morph into lady beetles . Unfortunately , the container is poorly designed . When you take the lid off to give them water , the lady bugs -LRB- at whatever stage -RRB- wander into the crevice meant for the lid . They are then squished when you try to replace the lid . Out of the 10 larvae , we ended up with one lady beetle to release . The rest died in the manner described above . If the container was designed a little differently , we would consider buying more .
 My daughter got this as a present . I had to pay $ 5 to get the ladybug larva delivered . Feel the first shipment should be for free . Then I had to put tape around all the seems because they were able to slip under the lid and escape . When they finally hatched from the cocoon stage they were brown not the typical red and black . I know that ladybugs come in all colors but his is designed for kids which expect red and black . It 's cheaper and more fun to go to OSH and get a bucket of lady bugs which have about a hundred and then put those in the container . Would not buy this again I would just stick to their butterfly land
 After the first disappointment , I decided to try again and order the lady bug larvae a second season . Just the larvae cost about as much as the entire kit itself . When it arrived , we followed the directions exactly . Sadly , there were only 4 living larvae -LRB- whereas the material promised something like 15 -RRB- and they all died within 3 days . Even more disappointing , I wrote a letter to the company explaining my unhappiness , and they never wrote back . After mostly dead larvae twice now and poor customer service , I can not recommend this kit .
 This was a nightmare . The bugs looked like little cockroaches not like lady bugs at all . We called to get new bug because most of them died . Most of them died.the second time too . So disappointing . : -LRB-
 Our ladybug larvae seemed to prefer to eat each other rather than the food which came with our shipment of ladybugs . It was rather gruesome to watch , so we let the larvae loose outside . The company representative we spoke with had no explanation for the phenomenon , but was willing to ship us another package of ladybugs free of charge . I do n't think we can handle watching a repeat of the cannibalism.The new larvae behaved themselves -LRB- i.e. , they did n't eat each other -RRB- . They grew to maturity and we relaeased them into the backyard . I guess ladybugs , like love , can be better the second time around .
 My husband and I bought this for our 4 year old son for his birthday . The land arrived withen only a few days . We sent off for the ladybugs that night and the wait began . After a week , I checked my bank and found they had cashed the check , so I waited some more . I called after about 10 days and found out the ladybug had shipped . The ladybugs arrived 13 days after shipment and most were dead . My son was vey upset , he was looking forward to having his ladybugs . We did what we could to help the 2 that made it here alive , but it was to no avail . The paper that comes with the ladybug started to grow mold , as did the sponge inside . We also found out the ladybugs are allergenic , so parents be warned . This was a waste of $ 20 , I wish now I had bought my son something else .
 Like another reviewer , I also received a tube of what looked like dead larvae . Only 1 was alive in the end . I called up Customer Service and was on the phone waiting to talk to a live person for 50 minutes ! Finally got through to someone & they said they would send some more . Nothing yet though.The actual ladybug land is very cheaply made and the children can easily pull the top off & then the ladybugs can escape . So just beware .
 Larvae arrived with all but one dead . After a little while , it died too . Contacted the company and they responded very quickly . They also sent a new batch of ladybug larvae very quickly . The only problem is that these arrived dead too . All of them . So I e-mailed the company several times back and forth until finally there came to a resolution . They sent Painted Lady `` butterfly culture '' aka tiny caterpillars . As of June 12 , 2005 , the five sent are all alive . Hopefully , we will finally get to watch nature at work . All we 've seen so far is the grim reaper.So , in order , it was dead larvae , dead larvae , live caterpillars , cocoons ... Now , all we have to do is figure out what to do with our empty ladybug land .2012
 I am really disappointed and more importantly so is my 5 year old son . We had bought a butterfly kit from Insect Lore last year and had great luck with it and loved it . So I bought him the Ladybug Land for his birthday in July . We sent off our card and waited for our ladybugs to arrive ... and waited ... and waited ... and waited . Finally I contacted Insect Lore who said the ladybugs must have got lost in the mail and sent me a coupon to order them again . They asked that I wait until the end of September to order so it was cooler -LRB- we live in Miami -RRB- . So I waited until the beginning of October , sent our card in and again waited for nothing . Now they 're saying the ladybugs got lost AGAIN . My poor little boy gets excited every time I check the mail hoping they 'll be here and they never will . Now I 'm trying to find another company we can order the larvae from in hopes we might actually get them from someone else .
 We are quite disappointed in this product . I followed the directions and mold started growing in the habitat while the ladybugs were in their pupa stage . It was so gross that I ended up putting it outside with the lid off . Then the ants discovered it and we never got to the adult stage . Even before the mold developed it just was n't as interesting as the butterfly kit .
 First , I want to say that I really like the ladybug land container . It is much larger than I expected and quite interesting for kids . It provides a great veiwing chamber for kids to really get a good look at the ladybugs.HOWEVER -LRB- and this is a big however -RRB- , Insect Lore customer service is terrible ! When you purchase your ladybug land , it comes with a certificate to order the ladybug larve through Insect Lore . I did this online and ordered my larve well inadvance of when I needed them for a class -LRB- ordered on 4/4 for a ship date of 4/21 -RRB- . I received an email confirmation of my order with my ship date on it and then I never heard anything from them . I never received an email or call or anything . I wrote to them through their online customer service on 5/2 and never heard anything from them . A few days later I called . The line was busy the first few times that I tried . Finally , after waiting about 9 minutes on hold with them , I talked to a CS rep. She could n't find my order number in the system but found it by my name . She then said that they shipped the previous day as they were on backorder . She barely apologized for the inconvenience . When you are ordering creatures -LRB- insects , chicks , etc. -RRB- the dates are so important for the sucess of the project !! I told her that I will go elsewhere next year for butterflies . Teachers -LRB- and brides needing butterflies -RRB- beware if you order from Insect Lore as you may not get your insects by your needed date and they wo n't tell you in advance !
 After you buy this item , you must pay another $ 5.00 to get the ladybug larvae . I did . When the bugs came , in a plastic tube , half were dead . There were about 5 live ones left . I tapped them into the enclosure , with the sponge dampened , per instructions . When I looked at them , later that same day , all of them were dead . Zero value for my money . I will try to get a replacement from Insect Lore , since Amazon does n't cover it . Wish me luck .
 I bought this for my niece for her birthday . I was disappointed to find out when the package was delivered that they do n't send the ladybug larva to Oregon . There was n't anything indicating that the ladybug larva could n't be sent to certain states .
 My sister ordered this for my 11 year old daughter . We promptly ordered the larvae with the understanding that they would not mail them until the weather conditions were agreeable . We ordered them in Texas in August so when we did n't get them for a couple of months , we thought it was still too hot . Finally about 4 months after we ordered the larvae -LRB- and had received nothing -RRB- , I called the company . Firstly , they acted like I was crazy for not having called them sooner and/or was lying about it . They asked for proof of purchase . I said I had our half of the postcard that we used to order the larvae . They asked that I fax a copy of this to them . -LRB- Still felt like they thought I was trying to pull some scam !! -RRB- We then received a mailing tube of what appeared to be dead larvae . We went ahead and followed all directions to the letter . Nothing ever moved , lived or developed at all . I faxed a copy of the original card again telling them that everything was dead when received and/or died in transit . That was at least 6 months ago and they never even responded . Do n't waste your money on this . Sadly , the company is not at all interested in the children that are disappointed . Every time I look at that empty habitat -LRB- kinda cute actually -RRB- , I 'm furious at a company that does n't care that my 11 year old -LRB- now 12 -RRB- got a useless gift that should have been a good gift ! Shame on Insect Lore !!!
 I bought this from a store . . My girls were so excited to get home and order the ladybugs . We have ordered butterflies before from Insectlore and have had a good experience . My girls tore the package open and gave me the coupons to redeem . Got online to redeem them and then was prompted to enter my credit card number for the $ 5.00 processing and shipping . . What ? We have never had to pay a processing fee before unless we were ordering the insects for the second or third time . I called customer service , and asked if they could at least combine my 2 daughters coupons so that I only had to pay the $ 5.00 once and was told no that I had to pay for each daughter because you know that makes sense when they are coming to the same address and ordered at the same time , so then I told them I wanted to register a complaint I was told that there was no one there that could talk to me and that if I needed to complain then I should email them and they would get back to me . . ya right . Considering I was passed off twice in the phone call I am pretty sure I wo n't be hearing back from them . Obviously they do n't spend much time on customer service . I will NEVER order from Insectlore again . It is ridiculous that you pay for the habitat and it does n't even include your first batch of insects . Very disappointed , and so are two girls who have waited and saved for this for quite some time !
 Once this had arrived , I was ready to fill in the coupon for the lady bug larvae when I noticed that there is a $ 5 fee for getting our `` free '' lady bugs . If you go to the website to order the larvae , it does show a $ 0 amount for the larvae in the shopping cart , but when you go to check out there is a $ 5 processing and handling fee . I find it very dishonest that Amazon and Insect Lore do not bother to tell you that you have to pay an additional fee to get your lady bugs .
 We were so excited to try lady bugs after having so much fun with the butterflies . We waited and waited for our habitat to come . When if finally did , I went online to use the voucher for the live lady bugs . When I tried to check out , I got an error message letting me know that shipping lady bugs in to Michigan was prohibited by law . I was so mad ! There should be a list of states listed with the description that they ca n't ship to . I was so irritated because I feel they should have stopped me from buying the habitat in the first place ! It just would have been nice to know and had been given a choice from the beginning . Thankfully , I did buy from Amazon and was able to easily send it back with out hassle .
 The clear plastic dome was not tightly fitted to the base , which we discovered when we repeatedly found ladybug larvae crawling outside of it . We put them back in and re-adjusted the dome to be sure it was on as securely as possible . But still they managed to get out at the bottom between the base and the dome . I had Ladybug Land on my kitchen counter , and one day discovered a larva in my cereal box as well as one under the kitchen sink . I moved it to a more isolated location , but still all but two escaped , one of which died . The remaining ladybug larva also died , but it had help . Someone filled the water too full and it drowned . None of them made it to the ladybug stage . Quite a disappointment .
 They make it look much bigger in the picture and was really surprised when I opened the box . Guess I should have read the dimensions .
 Buyer beware ! Order this kit at least 3 weeks before you want the ladybugs as you have to use the coupon code included PLUS pay an additional $ 5 to get the ladybugs shipped to your home . My son was checking the mail daily and then in tears when he realized he had no ladybugs to start the kit with . Amazon should include that as part of the main product listing to help potential buyers , as well . Insect Lore Ladybug Land WITHOUT Live Bugs would be more accurate of a description . HOT SOUTHERN & SW STATES ARE RESTRICTED for bug delivery during certain months -- another reason to order your bugs asap ! Insect Lore 's website offers Ladybug Land with the larvae for $ 19.99 and you only have to place your order once . Two stars all around . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've been a fan of Amazon and all of it 's sellers/products for years and this is the first negative review I 've ever written . As a mom and an educator , I am extremely disappointed in this product . The dome looks great , the concept is great and the memories I hope it will one day create should be great . We bought this for my 4-year-old at Christmas but waited for warmer weather to send off for the ladybug larvae . I received an e-mail confirmation on March 20th and still have not received the larvae . Today is April 18th . My daughter checks the mail every single day in hopes that her larvae is here . There is no phone number on the Insect Lore website to call and I have inquired electronically under `` contact us '' three times and no one is responding . I gave them my order number , my phone number , and my e-mail address . Nothing . Very poor customer service . We will not order from them again . However , on the same night , we ordered butterfly larvae and ants for an ant farm at -LSB- ... -RSB- . They arrived in four days in perfect condition . We only ordered the ladybugs from I.L. because they came with the kit my daughter received at Chrismtas . Science and life cycles are fascinating to little ones . Unfortunately , this was the wrong company to do business with . I see that several other Amazon shoppers are saying the same thing . How sad .
 We were so excited to try this out with our little boy , but it was not what we expected . The only exciting day of insect watching came the day that the shipment arrived from Insect Lore - the ladybug larvae moved around a lot for about a day , then hid for almost 5 days while they turned into ladybugs . Once they were ladybugs , they just sat around and did n't do anything -LRB- they only seemed to move when we were n't looking at them -RRB- . Then they died . Wow , what a letdown . Next time , we 'll go with an old-fashioned ant farm !
 We ordered the Lady Bug Land for our daughter for Easter . There were no lady bugs included ! NO WHERE on the order form in their catalogue or on their website does it say anything about the lady bugs NOT being included . So they give you a coupon and an order form that says you have to include FIVE DOLLARS for shipping and handling of the lady bugs , after we already paid $ 19.99 . TOTAL RIP OFF . Do not order this product . If you want your child to learn about lady bugs , you 're better off just walking out to your back yard in the spring and get your own lady bugs !!!
 What 's the point of paying for Amazon Prime when packages keep arriving late ???? It does n't matter how fun a toy is for a 3 year old , when it comes the day AFTER their birthday !!!
 The jar has a nice see through area - but the lid is difficult for little hands to get on and off - and the handle has to be turned down in order to do it . -LRB- Handle popped off the first time we did it - you would have to keep putting it back on . -RRB- I have the other one with a little door on the end that is easy to slide open . Other downside - the jar is slippery so bugs do n't crawl around in it like they do on the screen bug house . No - not the best ever bug jar . And with three grandsons - I should know .
 I was disappointed with this bug jar from the beginning . The green handle comes off quite easily and often . It goes back on but will not stay due to it being cheaply made . If the handle stayed on all the time , my kids and I would love it .
 This product was sent to me in great shape still in the package -LRB- NEW -RRB- but the first time my son rolled it and not hard i might add it hit my tv stand and most of the paint started chipping off but I know its not the sellers fault the blame lies with the company that made it and thier poor quality
 No matter where I placed it on my property , not one butterfly ! They liked the juice from it that was left on a big rock when I moved it , but would not come to this plastic feeder .
 It was a nice addition to my deck , but it is very light weight even with water in it . Every time it got a little windy , the feeder flipped over and the nectar spelled over . I finally lost it during one of the storms :--LRB- It will probably work better in areas where it does n't storm or get window ...
 I do n't think it would be possible for this to be any crappier . It leaks the nectar everywhere . It 's cheap and flimsy . A real disappointment for my 6 year old .
 This cheap plastic butterfly feeder was a very short lived educational toy for my 6 year old daughter . It broke within the first few days even with gentle handling , it leaked and it attracted bees and we never once saw a butterfly come anywhere near it .
 I purchased this toy for my 3yr old in December last year . He has not been able to use it since we have not been able to find ANY products -LRB- discs , carrying case etc -RRB- for the videonow . I have called the company several times . Everything is always unavailable and I do check on a regular basis . My son has been watching black and white discs recently from his older brother on the machine so he will get some use out of it . It was a good idea but the company leaves a lot to be desired . If you make a product make sure that there are enough discs . It is simply a waste of money and time . I can not continue going on line and checking a couple of times every week . I hope this info factors in in your decision to purchase this toy .
 Bought this last spring and gave it to my then 3 year old twins for their birthday . All 4 of my kids -LRB- now 8 , 5 , 4 and 4 -RRB- use this daily . They have a bit of trouble sharing however , so I have 2 more wrapped up for them to earn this summer . We have never had a problem with ours and I love being able to use headphones with it . As far as batteries go , we use rechargeable so the expense for the batteries initially has paid for itself many times over !
 If I could give this toy a ZERO MINUS on durability , I would . I have a 2 year old daughter for whom I bought this toy . My daughter watched it all of 20 min before she sat it on the living room table and permanent lines began to come across the screen . We took the batteries out and put them back in ... same thing . Are they kidding me when they say this toy is durable for preschoolers !!! Blow your breath on the damn thing and it will skip ... -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . The sound quality sucks , and really the picture is n't the best either -LRB- but both are suitable for a toddler -RRB- . Apparently these toys are defective seeing how the problem appears to be across the board . No wonder this thing is no longer being sold in stores . Buy one you 'll see for yourself .
 My mother -LRB- she 's a great grandmother -RRB- bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas . Unfortunately , at her age , she forgets to keep receipts . This item did not even work for two days . When I returned after Christmas , I tried to return it but could only exchange because the packaging had been thrown away.The second Video Jr. . Now continually skips if you just bump it . I can never find any new discs at Wal-Mart , Toys R Us , or anywhere else . I put in a complaint to Hasbro/Playskool but I have never received any response back as to how to return it . I mean , it cost $ 40.00 and it 's not worth it . I would not recommend anyone paying for something that does n't last long .
 MY SON RECENTLY GOT THE MOVIE PLAYER JR FOR CHRISTMAS . TODAY IS HIS BIRTHDAY AND FOR THE LAST 2 WEEKS I HAVE LOOKED EVERYWHERE FOR NEW MOVIES BECAUSE HE IS BORED WITH THE ONES THAT CAME WITH IT . I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED TO HEAR THAT SO MANY OTHER PARENTS OUT THERE ARE HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM . IF I HAD IT TO DO ALL OVER AGAIN I WOULDNT HAVE WASTED MY MONEY AND RENTED THE CLIFFORD MOVIES ELSEWHERE .
 I purchased a VideoNow Jr. . Player : Green and Purple , I thought the toy was unique , but when my son played with it for about two hours the screen went out . You can hear the sound , but no picture . I turned it off for about a day , turned it on the next day it worked for about a half an hour , then went out again.I would like to puchase this item again , maybe I got a bad one . Then I read the reviews on this product and another persons went out as well , I do n't know whether I should purchase another one or not.I took the advice of another person who purchased the product , they advised to change the battery and I did , now the player works ! I 'm just waiting to see how long it works . The reason why I did n't change the batteries is because I just put those batteries in on Christmas .
 As I was reading through everyones reviews I was hesitant to write mine thinking I just had a bad videonow jr. . But now I do n't feel so bad . My now 4 year old daughter got this as a gift for xmas and not even a month later , my son dropped it -LRB- because he liked it too but i thought he was a little too younge to have it -RRB- dropped it on the carpet and ever since then , you turn it on and the screen comes up for a second and then goes black . The sound works but the screen does n't . What a piece . It 's great because since i ca n't afford a portable dvd player , when we go somewhere it keeps them quiet and they love the shows . But it does not do what it says , it 's not toddler proof ! So do n't get it if you 're kids are rough with their toys . I 'd rather save up for a portable dvd player .
 I just got this last week and the screen as already went out , I switched DVDS , batteries everything !!! It wont work ! Just got sound comging out ~
 I have been unable to purchase this from toys r us ... . I have found that Walmart does allow me to buy it on-line . Why is it so difficult from Amazon -LRB- Toys R US ? -RRB-
 The figure is very nice to look at . unfortunatly my son droped it and broke a leg . And this was on carpet !
 My son received this toy for Christmas . He lost interest in it before I managed to assemble it into the fire truck . Once assembled the front of the truck was too top heavy and kept pulling away from the magnet . The magnets are not strong enough to keep the vehicle together . The door to the launcher will not stay closed . And the pieces keep falling off . Very aggravating . I am looking forward to putting this toy in my spring garage sale .
 I had high hopes for this toy but my daughter has no interest in it whatsoever . She does n't even want to hold it .
 Good things.Works.Looks niceFloatsGood with 6 '' size waves.Water cooling even works.Bad ThingsVery slow about 5mphtwo motor designcontrols are off , Right engine on , Left enigine on , Both engine on . NOTHING IN BETWEEN .
 We bought this trampoline from a local dealer . We thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread , however , the enclosure began ripping within the first year . No one has ever hung from the top of the enclousre as the manufacturer warns not to , nor have we ever exceeded the weight limit on the trampoline . We planned to replace the enclosure only to learn that there is no way to do so without getting an entire new unit because the enclosure is sewn into the mat . Magic Circle boasts a 10 year warranty on the frame with a 1 year warranty plus 4 year prorated warranty on the mat and springs . What they fail to mention is the enclosure is not covered and even if it were , you have to ship the unit prepaid to them for inspection before they will even make a decision on warranty coverage . Bottom line , we got only one year out of this product before it became a safety hazard .
 i got this item and when i got it , it has a europian battery charger in it . Seller is sending out the correct charger , you may want to request the correct charger when you purchase it . Dont pay attention to the stars i have not tried this product yet as the battery was dead when i got it and i have no charger yet .
 Bought this tank for my son . He played indoors with it for one hour . One of the tracks stop going forward . The track would go backwards but not forwards . Company does not return calls . I have called them 4 times in the last week . I would not buy it .
 I bought one of these too 9 months ago . The plastic was substandard , the barrel was broken inside the box but invisible to the purchaser . After about one hour of use , the drive gear area developed a crack and would n't run properly . I tried to contact the company for repair/replacement and they never once replied to my calls or emails . Fortunately it was on sale for 1/2 the price . I will certainly never do business again with this company . It should really be ashamed of its self for peddling such junk .
 I did not get the product i ordered and it cost me $ 2.68 to return the item , plus the aggravation of waiting for the wrong product and returning it and an unhappy child . It took over 30 days to get my money back . I will not order on line again .
 It is about palm size , much smaller than I thought . It may be worthy of $ 5 , definitely not $ 20 .
 I have purchased countless numbers of these umbrella strollers over the years for my 4 daughters . I bought this one hoping it would be more durable . It is n't more durable in any significant way . I was sewing it up after just one week of use . However , the frame seems to be stronger . Overall , I am very disappointed for the price .
 This is a good collectors item for young girls . The line provides one of these for birth , each birthday and marriage . This is not a toy . It is a traditional gift for grand daughters and a good buy . If Amazon listed it as a traditional collectors item I would rate it a five in every category .
 This is a good collectors item for young girls . The line provides one of these for birth , each birthday and marriage . This is not a toy . It is a traditional gift for grand daughters and a good buy . If Amazon listed it as a traditional collectors item I would rate it a five in every category .
 I was suppose to receive TWO of these Josef 4 year dolls as replacements for two that I had originally purchased but were BOTH damaged/defected . Still sitting here with only ONE replacement and no word of getting my other one . This is ridiculous.The original two I had received for my daughters were damaged . One had a crack line around one side of it 's head . The other one 's facial details such as it 's mouth had been painted literally to one side of the face making the overall look of her look extremely awkward .
 I originally purchased the cheaper , build your own version of this turntable only to discover that it was a piece of junk . Despite my better judgement , I purchased the much more expensive pre-built Cornerstone Series Built-up version . After spending considerable time detailing it and meticulously mounting it according to the directions , it worked for about 5 minutes before permanently stopping . After a call to the Walthers ' tech people , it was determined that there might be a problem with the electronic control box . So , for $ 35 , plus shipping , I sent the controller in to Walthers to see what the issue was . After about three weeks it came back with no explanation as to what was wrong or what had been done to it . I reattached it , and again , it worked about 5 minutes and then quit . At this point I 'm about to rip it out and smash it into little pieces and then ship it back . I spent a great deal of time making absolutely sure that the correct power source , installation procedure , and everything else was done exactly to the manufacturer 's specifications but it still fails to work . I 'll be in touch with Walthers one more time but if they do n't offer to determine what is wrong without charging me more money , I will forget it , write it off as a lesson to NEVER buy a Walthers ' product again and begin my search for a turntable that actually works .1 / 4/11 UPDATE - -LRB- Note - This problem was solved last March but I am just now getting around to doing this update - my apologies to Walthers . -RRB- Walthers ' tech support was very helpful in assisting me with this issue the third time around . Before I hooked it up again we discussed at length the power requirements . Very narrow type of power source that you can use to run this without damaging the internal wiring and chips . At their urging I purchased a Railpower 1300 transformer and hooked it up as directed . The turntable has been functioning flawlessly ever since . The programming of the stops can be a bit tricky but once you get the hang of it it works great.I did suggest to Walthers that they should be specify in their instructions about what type of power source -LRB- A Railpower 1300 !!! -RRB- to use so others do n't have to go through the same hassle I did . Do n't know if they 've done that but now that everything is hooked up and functioning I 'm very happy with this unit .
 The product broke within the first week of owning it . The assembly process was easy and simple , but maybe too frugal .
 The canopy bar broke only two days after Christmas.Now I have a sharp end on the bed frame . Not goodfor little fingers . For the price , I thought it wouldhave been a lot more sturdy .
 Beware this bed although adorable and cute , it has a design flaw . Our canopy bar also broke off shortly after assembling , actually on Christmas day . Now we too have an exposed sharp bar -LRB- great for a 3 year old ! -RRB- and can no longer attach our canopy . I thought I was paying for quality , but nowadays I think there 's no such thing as quality in toys !!!!!!!!!!!! I learned the hard way , very disappointing ! Especially for Corolle , and paying 50.00 for a doll bed that breaks !
 My 3 year old son received this as a Christmas gift . I wish I had the gift receipt !! It was a complete nightmare to put together and refuses to stay together for more than a couple minutes at a time . My son does enjoy playing with it , but is constantly yelling for help to put it back together . When he is finished playing , it is impossible to store the cars and other accessories inside the trailer and have it close properly . Do n't waste your money . This toy truly is a piece of junk .
 I am so disappointed in this toy ! My 6-year old son saw a commercial for this product and wanted to put it on his Christmas list . For the money this toy cost , it 's a big rip-off . The truck has two sides that open up to make a sort of playset . Well , the sides only attach on one end in order for it to open , but they wo n't stay attached ! As soon as you try to open the truck , the sides fall off ! Also , there is a track that you can lift up when you open the truck . This is crap , too . It does n't even stand up straight and my son has a hard time setting it up . All in all , this toy is a total piece of junk and not worth the high price . It 's only a few days after Christmas and the truck has already become `` dust-gatherer . ''
 The item is very cheaply made , falls apart at the hinges easily -LRB- when I am working with it -RRB- , it does not latch shut from the moment I put it together on Christmas morning and the enclosed Doc Hudson is missing an eye . Really really poorly made .
 We bought this toy for a Christmas present . My almost 6 year old was extremely frustrated with the toy . It was not easy to pack up , the commerical shows a fold and go process . It was a process all right , if you did get it packed up the hooks on top did not keep the semi trailer closed , thus everything fell out when you tried to drive it . The whole toy is a good thought but poorly executed . Toy makers should really test these items on children before selling them .
 My 3 and 41/2 year-old sons got this for Christmas . I hope their grandparents did n't spend this much on it ! I 'm not sure this would be great for older children either . The main problem is getting the trailer to stay closed . You have to be very contientious about putting the dirt track away properly , which is not easy given the hingeing mechanism . I thought I had figured out how to get the trailer shut securely by making sure everything was closed properly and turning the mechanism on the trailer , and then pulling out the part of the trailer that connects to Mack . This seemed to do it , but it fell open relatively easily with just a little bouncing around . Storing this thing is going to be a chore , especially since they wo n't be able to put it away themselves . -LRB- A major parenting goal at this point in time -RRB- . I had to hold the trailer between my knees to hold it together as I was figuring out how to lock it . I hope it gets easier with practice , but I do n't forsee the children being physically capable of putting it together anytime soon . My husband and I both had trouble figuring out all the nuances of this toy to get it together , keep it together and make it work properly , and he 's an experienced mechanic . I also noticed the kids having a hard time getting the cars around the dirt track . Doc is too big . All he does is sit there and when you press him down on his pedestal , he says , `` Now that 's how you drift . '' It does n't take long for that to get annoying . Also Lightning does n't exactly `` hook up '' to Bessie . If you hold it just right it does work . Personally , I 'd rather my children get their favorite cars out and use their imagination playing together , which is primarily how my 3 year-old spends his free time anyway .
 I purchased this for my 2 & 1/2 yr . old for Christmas . We watched the demo video over & over and got very excited that Santa may be bringing this . When we opened it , we were extremely disappointed with the quality of it over all . This is IMPOSSIBLE to fold up and close ! Keeps popping open . Nothing can anger a 2yr . old more than a great new toy that they 've been anticipating & not being able to play with it because it literally falls apart . And I 'm shocked that I purchased this for $ 35 before Christmas & it 's now $ 59.99 ! What a waste . Now , I get to compile all the pieces together and ship this pile of plastic back to Amazon . Save your money for just the plain Mack Truck and have money left over for more cars !
 I 'm weighing in on the side of those that do n't like the toy . The locking mechanism that is supposed to hold the two sides of the trailer together in storage mode does n't work . So , the trailer just splits open like a clamshell when it 's not supposed to . I 'm actually intrigued by the product 's official photo -LRB- Amazon Video -RRB- of the boy `` pushing '' the truck ... I believe he 's holding the trailer together -LRB- look at his hand -RRB- . Also , the cab does n't turn in the closed mode . Who ever heard of a toy semi truck where the tractor ca n't turn relative to the trailer?Finally , there 's a small , oval track that a car can be catapulted around ... sort of . The turns are such that the car we got with the set was too big to negotiate . It would get stuck in the first curve ... when it did n't flip off the track in the first place , which was most of the time . Mattel and Pixar do so much correctly . This product just feels very rushed to market . They did n't bother working out the kinks .
 This was a gift for my son who is 4 and loves the Pixar Cars characters . As other reviewers have pointed out , this toy falls apart really easily and is very tricky for even an adult -LRB- with a college degree in engineering ! -RRB- to put back together . It was nothing but frustrating to our son who so badly wanted it to be cool . Needless to say , after attempting to play with it for about an hour and nearly ending up in tears -LRB- for both him and me ! -RRB- , this toy is being returned . Do n't waste your money !
 My son got this toy for Christmas . After opening it and playing for a while he wanted to close it up and use it later . Mission Impossible . This toy is junk . It does n't stay together as a playset and does n't close to make a semi truck and trailor . What a waste . So , while my other sons were happily playing with the toys santa brough them , the son who recieved this was asking me why santa brought him a BROKEN TOY ! Do n't waste your money on this toy ! It 's overpriced as it is and seeing as how it does n't even stay together I would n't pay $ 5 for it ! Now we are stuck with a toy that is sitting in a box and my son can pull out pieces and play with them seperately . He even asked his older brother why he got all the good toys for christmas . I 'm so sad that he is heartbroken and mad that I spent so much time and effort before christmas trying to find this special toy for him . It 's not worth it ! So , please please please do n't buy this ! You will regret it and your child will be so disappointed !
 How disappointing . This toy is flimsy and not well designed . The launcher is too powerful for the short distances McQueen must go , the various activities do not stay together or lay flat , closing it is difficult . Some time ago , I bought a littleTake Along Fire Station Playsetfor my son and it lasted two years . This is a far better concept toy , many more activities , far more sturdier , easy and intuitive to put together . Even though it looks more complicated , my son could put it together at two . At nearly five , he ca n't put the Mac Playset together so it works . The fire station toy is n't Lightning McQueen , but my son loved it and played hard with it for a long time before its hinges gave out . And it 's cheaper than this piece of junk .
 The people who wrote good reviews must have been very lucky . It does not matter what age your child is . We are 30 and we can not get the truck to close . My husband spent hours last night trying to reposition the pieces so that Mack would actually close . He does not . My son just wants to pull Mack like a big truck , but he does n't stay closed to do that . He actually wo n't close at all . -LRB- This is with none of the stuff inside , which is suppose to fit inside too -RRB- It 's the latches that do n't line up . My son still loves this toy so we ca n't return it . It works well as the play set , but you will have to do most of it for a younger child b/c everything has to be lined up just perfectly to work , and then sometimes it still does n't . The sound on ours stopped working on the side roads after the first day . -LRB- But then I like it better without the sound -RRB- My son got this for Christmas from his grandparents and aunt and uncle . I did n't realize how much money they spent on it , until I looked to see if anyone else was having as much trouble as us . It is definitely not worth the money !!!!!! My son loves to act out the scenes from the movie , so this toy is perfect for that . I have to say that my son does still love it even with all the problems .
 Our son has wanted this for Christmas ever since he first saw it in the stores back in the summer , and since it was pretty much the ONLY thing he asked for , we bought it -LRB- at another store , and thankfully we did NOT pay as much for it as it is listed on here -RRB- . We were assembling it last night , so that Christmas morning he 'd be set to play.What a piece of junk . The pieces do n't fit together correctly , the truck will NOT close at all , with or without the extra pieces inside , with or without the top piece that is supposed to `` lock '' it together . The back doors do n't close.Additionally , the cars -LRB- Doc , Lightning and Bessie -RRB- that come with it are plastic . Our son has the entire collection of diecast metal Cars , and I doubt that any of them will work properly with the launcher , so he is limited to only these three vehicles.Although the thing is big -LRB- meaning , it will take up a lot of room , especially since it wo n't close correctly -RRB- , the actual play areas are tiny . I think my son will enjoy playing with it -LRB- for a little while at least -RRB- because he wanted it so much and because the concept is a good one . But he WO N'T like that the pieces come apart so easily and that the launcher only works if you have it positioned just so and are holding your mouth just right.Other reviewers have said it does n't `` work properly '' because the children are younger than the recommended age . Well , our son is almost 6 and is well within the recommended age . That wo n't make it any easier for him to play with this . My husband and I are both very intelligent , well educated people , and WE had a hard time `` playing '' with it . If I could find the receipt , I would return it and convince my son that he really wants something else.Thank goodness the `` surprises '' he is getting for Christmas are better made and of a much higher quality than this piece of junk.Incidentally , last year for Christmas he got the Mountain Challenge playset , which was just as shoddily made and it worked properly for about 9 minutes . It was at Goodwill by April . No more plastic Cars merchandise for us !
 Bought this toy for 2 boys . They did n't care for the small track and soon lost most of the flimsy parts . The pieces do n't connect well or stay connected long.In my opinion , I would have been better off just buying more die-cast cars and would not buy this toy again and would not recommend you do either .
 I bought this for my 6 yr old son who LOVES CARS . The toy is extremely hard to keep together and put away . It breaks easily . The only 2 good things is Bessie and Mac the Truck , his trailer is horrible and is now in the trash where it belongs ! I do n't believe much thought was put in to the durability of this toy . To be played with it must be opened but the opening mechanism does not work as an expensive toy should . I strongly do not recommend this toy get the smaller mac truck it is a much better toy .
 We got this toy for my 3 year old son yesterday as a reward for ` throwing away his pacifier ' . Well it has not even been 24 hours with this toy , and it is already a very frustrating toy - here are my reasons
 I could not agree more with the review titled `` Ughhh !!! Nothing works on this toy and like the other reviewer my son can not play with it by himself . He is crying every five minutes to help him put it back together which is something two college educated adults struggle in doing . We are returning it and recommend you not to waste you time or money !!!
 I agree with all the previous reviews whole-heartedly ! This is a piece of junk . There is no way a child could put this back together on their own , it takes both my husband and I to do it ... . one holding the sides together and one arranging items inside so will close all the way - only to have it fall back apart as were gingerly putting it away in the closet . Also on ours , the sound does n't work . I would just return it , but our son has been asking for this for weeks and finally got it for his 4th birthday . He would be heart broken if we returned it . The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that he does enjoy playing with it once it is all set up - even without the sound , but I would suggest spending your money elsewhere .
 My husband bought this for our 3 year old son for his birthday . He is a big fan of the Cars Movie , and we thought it looked fun , with different scenes and a car launcher . Our son did love it , but has n't played with it since the day he received it . It is frustrating for him to put together , and it is frustrating for me as a parent to put away when he is done . You have to cram all the parts into the truck , align the sides perfectly , and turn a fin on the top to lock it . No matter how many times I try , the lock does n't hold the truck closed . If your child likes Mack , buy the Mack Truck Playset instead . It is a much higher quality toy than the Pitcrew Performance Playset .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old son who absolutley loves anything Cars . I think the idea behind this toy is excellent . With that said , the quality of it is very poor and the design could use some tweeking . Some of the parts do not securely stay in their respective positions . The plastic is flimsy . The sides are difficult to put back in the trailor position . I am not sure if I would buy this toy now that I know the quality of it .
 The concept is great and looked like a lot of fun , but my nephew lost interest faster than I could put it together for him . IT was not easy to put it together and packing it all away was n't so great either . When the truck is put together and locked together , it inevetibly popped apart spilling out the contents . When it was opened up the sides fell off or the scenery fell apart . The cars are cool and the talking part as good , but over all , it was a disppointment
 Every year we seem to manage to pick one toy that frustrates everyone . This was ours for the year . It took my husband about an hour to put this together . As soon as he handed it over to my 4 year old son , it fell open . It will not stay together , and I 've yet to be able to fit all the pieces and parts into it . My son does like playing with it when it 's open , but one of the features I was looking forward to was it `` self-storing '' . That DOES NOT work at all . If you do n't mind it open all the time , you may like this , because it pops open if you so much as look at it !
 The fact that there is an age reccomendation on this toy has nothing to do with the fact that it is a piece of junk . I dont care if they toy is made for a 12 year old that is good at putting stuff back together , toys should not FALL APART every time the child opens it to play with it . It is confusing and actually pretty boring . When we asked my son what he wanted for CHristmas he always said '' Big Mack truck '' so someone got it for him and he doesnt even play with it because it falls apart and he gets frustrated . The best part about the truck is that it comes with Bessie which you can not just buy . This toy should be re designed or discontinued !
 This was the toy my son asked for from Santa . He got it and we are very sad we spent 40 bucks on this toy . Yes I bought it for a three year old , but it does n't make a difference because the road does n't stay down . The whole truck does n't stay closed , and the McQueen does n't even fix the road properly . This toy makes me angry and I want to smash it . The worst part is how can I tell me son his special toy from Santa is junk ? I hope Mattel gives me my money back I had to throw the box away so we could fit it in the car . I have been happy with all the other Car 's toys , but man you made a lemon here mattel !!
 Do n't waste your money on this toy . My 41/2 yr old had been asking for this from Santa . I bought it and was putting it together the week before Christmas . All 3 of the cars that are supposed to be included were missing . I called Mattel right away thinking that they would send me the cars and I could have them by Christmas . But no ! They told me that I had to send the front/tractor part of the toy back to them and then they would just send me a new toy b/c they could not send me the cars alone ! I went ahead and gave the toy to my son `` as is '' and was going to send the tractor back after Christmas . However , he is so frustrated with it that I think I am going to sneak it away and trash it . It does not stay together at all . When it is unfolded and the 3 tracks are out one of them is always falling away from the others . And neither my son nor myself can get it to stay together as a big Mack truck . That is the most frustrating b/c he is not able to `` drive '' it around . Seriously , this toy is a pain to assemble and then once you assemble it is falls apart .
 This was the only thing my 3-year old specifically requested for Christmas . He loves the Cars movie and has most of the little cars . By Christmas afternoon he was in tears from the frustration of trying to play with this ! I wish I had read these reviews before I bought it . It will not close all the way , even with help from adults . So when my son wants to push it around on the floor or stick a car in the back , the truck just falls open . And when it 's set up as the track the pieces are very flimsy and do n't work porperly . My husband had bought another -LRB- simpler , less expensive -RRB- Mack Truck Playset that I was planning to return , so by Day 2 I gave this to my son just to get him away from the bad truck . This other one is still flimsy quality but it 's easier to play with . Unfortunately I ca n't convince him to give up the Mack Pitcrew truck , so we 're stuck with it , but it results in frustration every time . Do n't buy it !
 Now , I would be the first to write a letter on how wonderful a toy is made but this toy ... this toy is the worst I 've ever encountered . Cheaply made , not functional , does n't stay together , pieces wo n't stay on , I could go on and on . After I write this I intend to write to the makers of this toy as well . They should be ashamed of this product . When you want to pack `` Mack '' up , you have to remove the launcher and my wife even had a hard time removing it . You feel like your about to break it . They could have done something so much better than this for the money . Simply put , you will do better to stay away from this one all together . What a disapointment ...
 I can not understand how this Toy could have possible been accepted by the Mattel Quality Control and Engineering Departments.This toy is a piece of JUNK ! The plastic is flimsy , the backdrop scenery panels keep falling off when cars go around the race track , or if you even breath on it , and closing it will forget it !! It does ' t close , it keep 's popping open . I have spent hours trying to make this work , the toy is a complete failure . I can tell you this , the whole trailer is going in the trash , and will only keep the cab . If I had read the other reviews on this product I would not have purchased it . I hope I save someone else 's money .
 I bought this truck for my grandson age 4 for Christmas because he was asking for it . I know the rcommended age was for 7 + . However neither his mother or father were unable to open and close this truck . It is bulky and cheaply made despite its way to high price of $ 94 . My grandson was frustrated and asked why Santa would make a toy like that . It now sits in his bedroom gathering dust .
 bought it for my son almost 1.5 yrs ago . . played with it for 1 hr ... just wasting space in the toy closet . . most of the little pieces are gone ...
 See the review titled UGGHH , it 's a very accurate summary . This truck is a nice concept , horrible execution . The pieces that are supposed to fold out are almost impossible to get to stay in their deployed positions , when you try to fold it up to create the truck , the sides do not fold easily -LRB- frustrating everyone who tries -RRB- and fall easily . The launcher is difficult to pop in place and has to be pulled out in order to fold the truck up . There 's nothing but frustration in store for the parents and children that have this toy .
 This truck looked like so much fun , but we 're really disappointed . The pieces of the truck do not stay together , whether set up as a race track , or in truck form . It 's very frustrating for me , let alone my son . I 'm about to throw the whole thing away .
 Too bad Mattel did n't spend as much money on the design/construction of this toy as they did advertising it to our kids ! My 6 year old son kept seeing the commercials for this toy and it was `` all he wanted ! '' We bought it for him and within ten minutes the toy was broken . We could n't latch the back parts of Mack 's truck . With it unlatched , my son could n't `` drive '' it around the floor . My very upset son got frustrated when I told him I was going to take it back . What a waste of my time and money Mattel !
 This toy was bought for a 5 year old who struggle with it . Putting the town together takes patience , the pieces do not lock properly when you close it so children get frustrated when they are playing with Mac and it pops open.It was a Christmas present that was left behind the 28th so 3 days is not worth the price.Maybe if you have an older child who is extremely careful with toys it will work but I have heard of many other Moms who have the same complaints.If I had the receipt I would not hesitate to return it .
 As soon as I opened this toy for my 3 year old son on Christmas , I 'd realized we 'd made a mistake . First , the thing is difficult to put together . Secondly , it 's even more difficult to close up . We thought that this toy would also act as storage since it could contain all the pieces . Well , it BARELY contains all the pieces , and it took a couple tries before I could stuff everything in there . In a nutshell , this toy requires an adult to put away . And if the child takes , say , the side of the track off the chassis -LRB- which is easy to do -RRB- it requires a particularly patient and handy adult to put it back on.It 's also fragile . It was broken within hours of its opening . There is a plastic piece that must be screwed on the top of the truck to secure it after it 's closed . Well , a spring inside somehow got bent , and we had to use a rubber band to keep it together . Also , the Doc Hudson voice stopped working in one day . And the voice of Mack gets really annoying.Once my son got the toy set up , he had some fun with it , but not enough to warrant the headache.Beware .
 We purchased this playset for our son for Christmas . My husband became very frustrated putting it together . I , being the one of reason -LRB- & the one who will read instructions -RRB- calmly offered to take over . I was ready to pull my hair out before it was done . I kept thinking , `` There HAS to be some logic to make this thing stay together ... I must be missing something '' but no , it 's just a cheaply made toy with an expensive price tag . The plastic is VERY flimsy , Mack 's doors wo n't stay closed & forget about having all of the small pieces inside for storage . The `` working mechanisms '' keep falling apart as well . When opened up it 's not horrible , but again it 's very flimsy . The little electric connectors wo n't stay connected . If you barely bump it the entire thing falls apart & you start over . Not a real strong point for a toy manufactured for little boys . However , my son does enjoy it even though he gets frustrated because it constantly falls apart . I do n't think this is a good buy for a child of any age . The idea of the toy is great ... it 's just not a quality item . I 've noticed this theme in the `` Cars '' toy line . Many of the other play sets we own are just as chintzy .
 This toy is impossible to put back together as advertised . The plastic track started breaking after only 10 minutes of use . I 'm sorry I did n't see the previous reviews before purchasing@!
 Of all the toys we have in our house , and we have many , this , by far , is the one I hate the most . I suggested it to a friend who wanted to buy my three - and five-year-old boys a birthday present . I despise it.I have n't read all the reviews , but I agree with the common theme -- it flops apart , wo n't hold together , is a pain to open and close . I still have n't figured out how to make the little back door stay closed when Mack is put together so he can actually go anywhere without his entire contents falling out.I will say that when it 's open and assembled and the little race tracks are in place , it 's an okay toy . But the way it 's marketed , as a semi that can drive around then open up for play , is completely bogus . My boys do nothing but fight and cry over this one . Thanks a lot , Mattel !
 Where to start with this piece of junk ? Firstly setting it up is hard . It is fiddly and the instructions are not very clear . More worryingly , once it is set up the pieces do n't fit together well and do n't work well even when an adult is working it . My 5 year old could n't make it work . This is a design fault . My 7 year old could make it work with great effort and patience but soon gave up and moved on to some Lego . Even my 11 year old was baffled by the poor mechanics . The scenery pieces do n't fit properly and fall off constantly . The final insult is that the pieces are supposed to fit into Mack when he is back to being a truck but despite great effort Mack keeps falling open and does n't close . Absolutely rubbish and at a rip off price !
 No where on this product page , especially under the title `` Product Description '' , does it tell what the `` figures '' are made of , nor how tall they are !!! -LRB- ???? -RRB- Like I would buy this not knowing if it is 3 '' tall or 2 feet tall , or made out of rubber , hard plastic , porcelain , etc!Very stupid ad !
 This toy looks like loads of fun and seems durable tooHowever , I am disgusted by the techniques of this company . They know that some parent have a tight budget and pre-determine a limit of how much they can spend on each child . The kids excitedly wishes for the Shell Shocker -LRB- or any of the Tyco cars -RRB- and the parents say YES sine it only costs $ 69 . But NOOOOOO - it does n't !!! It actually costs $ 100 because you need to pay for the so-called `` battery '' which in fact is the core part of the toy which they just took apart in order to be able to trick people to buy a `` affordable toy `` Had it been a product for an adult , I would not be so angry because an adult can just say `` never mind '' when they discover they have been tricked and buy something else.How can you tell a child who has been allowed to ask for this toy for Birthday or Christmas that you are not getting it anyways since the price is way above the budget ?? Well , you CA N'T , and the gruesome people at Tyco know that.Can you imagine the disappointment of a little child opening their Shell Shocker on Christmas morning only to find out that they essential core of the toy is not included -LRB- and not specified in the Amazon site -RRB- and that you can not find it anywhere except a Toy Store?People should report this complany about their scams . It is really disgusting .
 This was the must have toy for my 7 year old . Found one at Toy-R-Us -LRB- ... -RRB- ; also bought the 1 year replacement plan . Found out about the battery and bought one at the same time . Christmas came a week late and when the present was opened it was discovered Toy-R-Us sold me the wrong battery -LRB- should have checked it myself -RRB- . And if you have already tried to buy this gismo you know the battery is not to be found except on line . Ordered one from Amazon and it was delivered several days later . Charged it up and popped it in ; chased my dog around the living room for about 10 minutes and then waited for the next day for my 7 year old to take it outside . I have a back yard about 1/2 the size of a football field , all grass and soft earth from last nights rain . He broke it in 20 minutes . I retuned the unit to Toys-R-Us and they gave me a full refund , even the cost of the replacement plan -LRB- by now my 7 year old wanted something else -RRB- . Okay , but I still have a -LRB- ... -RRB- battery -LRB- if you count shipping -RRB- and Amazon wo n't take anything back that 's been opened . I went back to Toys-R-Us and they were nice enough to refund me the price of the battery also ; they are a class act.I rated the educational value as 5 ; that was for me not my son : - -RRB-
 see this in action before bring it into your house or giving it to any child or in my case , a grandchild . this is a repulsive , creepy , replitian thumping ripoff . the lowest rating i can give is one star but if it were possible i would give it negative five .
 First let me say this ... ANYONE who does not know to purchase or at least check to make sure that batteries come with ANY toy these days is an idiot . Second ... If you had half a brain , you 'd charge the thing BEFORE you wrapped it up . That way it 's ready to go . Yes ... $ 100 is alot of cash . . but we all end up paying it to see the look on the kids ' faces . However , all of that that was just stated is a mute point when addressing this toy . It is absolute junk . . And if you have gotten more than an hour of play out of it , you are one of the few lucky ones.It takes very little pressure on the `` fins '' to overpower the gears while morphing . At that point , the gears break and you have a $ 100 paper weight . Now ... you can send it back . . Amazon absolutely took care of that for us ... But what you are going to get in return is the same piece of junk ... Only new and shiny , that will be broken in an hour again.We purchased two . . one for each of the boys . The gears broke on one the first hour . And that was while using it inside . Amazon replaced it very quickly . I think it lasted a couple hours . The second Shocker has the same electrical problem as others are stating . Does n't want to power up . We even went to the trouble of finding another battery ... At a local Wal-Mart of all places . Still does not work.Save your money on this one . . It looks like a couple of people have lucked out with theirs . . But read ALL the reviews . The majority of people are having the same problems . Unfortunately , we purchased ours early on ... and there were no reviews to read at all .
 My son loved this toy at christmas , however in less than an hour it was broken . The gears had stripped on one side , and it never made it out of the house . Now , amazon.com was very good in saying they would send another ... I sent the broken back ... but the toy was on back order until April , 06 . I waited , at the request of my 8 year old son who wanted it so badly ... the time came and went ... the only way I knew what was going on was by my contacting them ... they never bothered to let me know of any problems with the order ... but always apologetic . I finally asked for a refund in April because they told me it was still not available ... now I 'm stuck with the battery pack that does n't go with anything else ... and after reading all the other reviews , I would n't chance getting another one , even though my son did love it .
 The 5 year old loves the toy but we could n't believe when we opened it Christmas morning and could n't use it . It was n't clear that you can only use their special battery pack . We looked at every local store but could n't find it . Had to order it for another $ 50 . He could n't play with his new toy for over a week.He enjoys the toy , but there 's no excuse for the company dissapointing all of those kids .
 This is my second review ! My first review I complained about the battery pack , which I see is still an on going thing ! But GUESS WHAT ! This damn toy broke and my son has only played with it twice ! And the $ 30 battery pack , runs out after 15 minutes ! This stupid thing wont morf the gears are stripped out . One side wont do anything at all ! I dont know about anyone else , but I work damn hard for my money , and I can not afford to piss is away . Now my son is heartbroken and wants to know why Santa gave him a bad toy ! What am I suppose to say to him ????? I think I will have him -LRB- my son -RRB- call customer service , and they can explaine it to him ! Oh , In case anyone wants it , here is the customer service number to tyco
 My 9 and 7 year olds had a blast - until it broke within a few days use . The side plastic rim cracked - making it completely inopperable . It immediately went from a `` 5 '' to a `` 1 '' . Too bad , because it was a fun toy - for the few days it actually worked . Would n't recommend it others .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas -LRB- after paying too much for the beast , plus the battery pack -RRB- and it was awesome ! My 6 year old son took it outside and wore the battery out . Then he had to wait ... EVERY time he wanted to play with it , he had to WAIT for the battery to charge . After a while , he rarely played with it . Then it broke . One of the plastic arms broke off , which means that the other arms eventually broke off , too . DO NOT BUY !
 The fine print on the box tells you this is a `` multi-terrain '' vehicle , instead of an `` all terrain '' vehicle , this is because while they advertise it to go through sand , and grass , and mud , what they actually mean is that it will go through dry sand , such as you would find in a desert , dry grass , such as you would find on the african savannah , and dry mud , such as you would find in their fertile imagination . Mine has shorted out and stopped working just going through dewey grass .
 This toy has left us shell-shocked . The fact that it does n't come with the battery it needs to work is ridiculous , as is the fact that it broke within one day of purchase . It would n't morph and only sporadically moved around . The replacement that was sent -LRB- after paying for shipping of the remote back to the company -RRB- also lasted for one day . When it worked , my 7 year-old son LOVED it , but that just meant he was devastated when it stopped working both times . Now we have two huge pieces of plastic that do n't do anything . When you 're charging nearly $ 100 for a toy , the expectation is that it will work for longer than a day . Save your money !
 Like everyone else I can not find the Pro Flexpak battery . The lady at Walmart told me to call Tyco -LRB- 888 number on the box -RRB- and the recording tells you to go to service.mattel.com and purchase the battery pack from them . It is $ 30.00 plu S&H . But the only problem is `` ALL SALES ARE FINAL '' So if your child does not like the toy you can not return the battery ! So you have to hope that the toy is as fun as people have been saying .
 I waited in anticipation on Christmas morning as my young son tore open the paper on this gift only to discover that this rip off requires a `` special '' battery that needs to be purchased separately , to the tune of $ 30.00 ! Tyco needs to label their packaging more clearly because I would have never purchased this item had I known that there was more $ $ $ $ involved to actually play with the thing.What a disappointment ...
 I ca n't rate this item as it does not run . Why ? There is no battery pack . Why ? They did not come with the toy . Why ? I would love to know . The box does not tell you that you need to purchase them separately . The marketing merely suggests that you buy an extra battery pack for extended use . This has been a huge source of stress and frustration . I have two little boys who anxiously await the arrival of a shipment of batteries to the toy store . We were not the only ones misled . No store in town has any as there was a run on them the day after Christmas . If these little guys were not attached to the Shell Shocker , I would return it in protest .
 My kids got this as a Christmas present two years ago . I even suggested this as a gift to my mother-in-law since I was sure the kids would love to create forts and trains and such -LRB- we got the train set too -RRB- . Their interest waned quickly -LRB- 7 , 5 , and 2 years old at the time -RRB- . Although the concept is great , the product is less than perfect and just ridiculously too hard for the kids . To build anything more than one square high is asking for trouble . The foam inside is too squishy and soft ... the structures always collapse . Like another reviewer mentioned , it needs to be more rigid or thicker . The velcro is INCREDIBLY tough . Unfortunately , it 's way too tough . It binds quickly to the fabric , but that also means that when you tear the velcro off from another piece , it quickly binds to its own square ... then you have to tear it off again . Sounds simple enough , right ? I 've torn up my own knuckles trying to open these velcro pieces . After pulling open two or three strips of velcro , my fingers are sore and I want to give up . My kids did n't have the strength to do it themselves . I normally do n't complain much about toys in these reviews , but I was surprised to see so many good reviews on this toy . Perhaps our set was made differently than some of the others ' ? My kids are now 9 , 7 , 4 and 3 and I finally dragged these unused toys from a box in the rec room where they have been stored untouched for 2 years now . I 'm donating them.So , in summary ... they are not dangerous , but are just not made well enough to justify the cost .
 The flaps are such a huge pain ! After a year of cursing this toy everytime my kids wanted to play with it , my 7 year old genius child slid a little plastic toy spatula to open the velcro flaps and it worked like magic .
 Great idea for a toy and the kids loved it when they first saw it , but , it is very hard to put the pieces together . The velcro is tough to separate and takes way too long , the interest is lost . When I finally get it together the kids have to be very careful , if they fall into the side it usually tears apart-not very sturdy .
 The concept is great , the design is lousy . The trouble is that the blocks are flimsy without attaching on multiple sides , and the velcro is SO difficult to undo from the cushion . As an adult I have a difficult time with this , sometimes taking up to 2 minutes for just 1 side of a cushion , so I ca n't see a child under about age 6 or 7 being able to do it themselves . My fingers and knuckles get chewed up in the process . The velcro is so hard to pull apart that some of the pieces are now coming off the cushion and I will have to sew them back on . The cushions should be thicker and the velcro possibly done a different way . I thought it would be a great building toy , but it 's not very good for that . My son just piles the cushions and jumps on them and over them . When we want to `` build forts '' we 'll probably just go back to using my couch cushions . This is an expensive toy for what you get .
 My 3 year old loves to play with it and loves the idea she can build her own house . The problem is the velcro . It is too hard for her to manipulate . It 's too hard for me to open the velcro . The bottom line is she could not play it by herself so it is not recommended if you need your children to play it by themselves .
 I bought this item for my 3 & 5 year old grandsons who LOVE to build things and love to create their own special places to play and hide . The 3 year old tried 1st and then enlisted the help of the 5 year old who rapidly became totally frustrated . Then Dad tried to help , but the `` blocks '' are not rigid enough to hold their shape if they are bumped or touched , so the construction collapses . No one gets hurt , but the kids were completely annoyed , then just wanted the blocks out of the way . In little over an hour the blocks had been consigned to the donations bin . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I thought these would be fun for the grandkids . I heard that they wanted a `` steering wheel '' type toy . Got these.Interest lasted all of about 10 minutes . Never saw the toys again.Anyway ... could be that all of their other toys are just better or more interesting.Most kids have way too much anyway ... Take them to the museum . :-RRB- : -RRB-
 Cute toy , but it this is an accessory item and you need the basic pieces first . This was not stated anywhere in the description .
 I ordered this gift for my son for Christmas . Had the toy all put together less then an hour and it stopped working . Had a replacement sent out and that one did n't work from the start . Was not a happy parent .
 Hero City Ice mountain was the only toy my 3 year old wanted , We got it for him , put it together with no help from the instructions because they were very hard to understand.The darn thing would not work , wish I new about the secret reset button!I sent it back to Walmart.com . got credit because I thought I could buy another . Not . It is impossible to find one in stock or have to pay a fortune . Mattel was of no help . ...
 My son asked Santa for this toy and he got it , but when we put it together it would n't work . We tried everything , even 2 different kinds of batteries , but it still did n't work . We returned it and searched 5 stores the day after Christmas to get really excited , bring home another one , and it did n't work either !! We are not happy ! I had 3 different people try to get it to work and nothing . We are now convincing my 3 year old to pick out something else . My husband calls it junk ... What a waste of time , not 1 , but 2 non-working Ice Mountains .
 Got it as a Christmas present for my 21/2 year old son . After taking an hour to put it together , I put brand-new batteries in , and it did n't work . It opened up a new package of batteries , and still , nothing . I returned it , and of course , there are none on the shelves at Target , nor anywhere else . Seeing as others have this problem of a non-working toy , I 'm not sure I want to go searching for a new one !
 Purchased this toy for Christmas for our 4 year son who had been asking for it for months . After assembling the toy and putting the batteries in found that none of the electronics worked . Have spent the last three days looking for a replacement only to find that none are in stock anywhere . The toy does seem very sturdy and my son liked playing with it for the short time even without the electronics . Really wish the electronics would work because it seems like a cool toy .
 Bought this for my sons for Christmas . Very disappointed that I could n't get it to work . Took it back and got another one . Still wo n't work . Not clear why . Took the back apart to see if there was an obvious loose wire . No luck ! I took it apart and did the clicks and all , put it back together . Checked and replaced the batteries . If it did n't cost so much , kids could keep it and just play on it . One good thing , these reviews . At least I wo n't waste more time working on it , if it really wo n't work .
 This was the one toy that my son HAD to have for Christmas . To my dismay , and his , the toy did n't function at all . I put it together , placed fresh batteries in it , turned it on , and NOTHING HAPPENED !! We took it apart , put it together per the manufacturer 's instructions -LRB- again -RRB- and still , nothing . Two sets of batteries and one very disappointed child later , we gave up . Upon returning it , I was told that just about every one had been returned citing the same problems and that Target had removed them from their shelves . Shame on you Matchbox for not having a better Quality Review Department . I 'm sure I 'm not the only mother who had a crying child Christmas morning because this toy malfunctioned .
 My son just got this toy last night for his birthday . After patiently waiting the assembley , he was really excited to play with it . The on/off switch for the crane stop working literally after 10 mintues ! It 's a shame . It 's so irritating !
 I spent an hour putting the stickers on it and putting it together , only to find that it does not work . I put the batteries in it and it did not work .
 Recently purchased for my sons b/day , put it all together and the electronics did not work , Went and bought new batteries still no good returned it for another still no luck , Called Mattel only told them i bought a toy for my son she quessed that it was Ice Mountain They are having LOts of Problems with this Toy !!!!!
 This is just a warning to anyone who plans on purchasing this gift for a 4 year old , do n't . My son received this last year for Christmas and I think it is the only day it actually work . Besides the crane breaking many of the other pieces kept falling off , the cars would get stuck under one of the ramps .
 OK , so my son and I were watching a cartoon about 2 months ago and this commercial comes on for Ice Mountain and he abosolutley wanted it for Christmas this year and could n't stop talking about it . Anyway , so we bought one for Christmas and after spending an hour putting together , we installed the batteries and guess what - IT DID NOT WORK !! So , today , the day after Christmas , we went down to Toys ` r ` Us to exchange ... got home and the first thing we did was test that it worked with the batteries and guess what - THIS ONE DID NOT WORK ! So , we are done with this toy . You can read a few reveiws about kids loving them , I guess they were the lucky ones to get one that worked . It is pretty amazing that I got one online that did n't work and one from our local store that did n't either - must be a pretty common problem ! So , back to the store tomorrwo to exchange for something that works !! BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK !!
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas . It did n't even make it to the new year before the crane broke and would not move anymore . He was devistated because this was the only toy he really wanted . So I bought a second Ice Mountain on line because all of the stores were sold out . With in a week , the same thing happened . The crane quit working ! This toy is a great idea , but needs work !
 I found this very easy to put together - but I did make sure I did it carefully after reading reviews.The design is poor . The crane can turn so that it is over the car lift . It 'll keep the lift from going up which wears out the gears QUICKLY . This happened to ours the 2nd day we had it.My son loves it and still plays with it , but the fact I spent $ 30 on a toy that broke after 2 days irks me .
 My four year old wanted this toy so badly last year that we bought it for him . After the third Ice Mountian we finally got our money back . The lift would not properly lift the cars to the top of the Ice Mountian.When I called Mattel , their response was that I had not put it together correctly . As I had assembled three of them , I was quite aware how to assemble Ice Mountian . Mattel 's constantly telling me that I had mis-assembled their product was extremely frustrating and insulting.The concept was cool but the design is flawed . I have found that items bearing the Hot Wheels name versus the Matchbox name work , are better constructed and more durable . I had the same issue with a car wash two years prior to the Ice Mountain purchase.My son , now five , still wishes he could have an Ice Mountain , however he knows they are `` junk '' as we call it at home.Beware before you buy this product .
 My son loves this toy , when it stays together , and that is the only reason I gave it 2 stars . This one is difficult to put together . I gave it 2 stars for educational as you have to put it together like a puzzle , often . If and when everything does come together-believe me-it WILL all fall apart . My guy is 5 and likes to play , not be careful . KEEP YOUR MONEYThe house is still in 3 pieces , never did stay together . Not even Duracell will power this thing . Took the batteries out and used them on a toy that worked.Buy it at next year 's garage sales .
 Trust me if your are looking for something fun to do with your cars this is it . It does n't use a lot of electricity , the batteries will last about a half a year if played with about an our a day every couple of days . It works with many diffrent types of cars . It is worth buying !
 We bought our son the ice mountain for his third birthday . He really likes the toy but the crane mechanicism broke after 5 days of use . Also , if the track does not turn , make sure that it is pushed in all the way in the base . He stills plays with it even though it is broken , but I agree it is very disappointing to buy a toy and have it broken within the first few days.When I was a boy , I grew up with Matchbox and Hot Wheels . I loved them . I was hoping to start my son on them , but now I will have to reconsider .
 I just want to echo what others have said . Check to see if the electronics work before you put it together . We put ours together for my son and he was very disappointed when we turned it on and nothing happened .
 The picture makes it look much cooler than the toy really is . My son is an avid matchbox car collector and I thought he would enjoy this set , so we purchased it for him for Christmas.The assembly is long and after it 's put together , it easily falls apart . I thought that the controls in the picture actually controlled the crane , but it does n't . The lift portion on the left of the toy never worked . The car always gets jammed in it and it never makes it up there . The concept was awesome , but the quality of it is poor . Do n't waste your time or room space with it.We paid $ 20 for it and it 's still not worth the money . Our son played with it for about 2 days and now it sits in pieces in his room . I 'm about to toss it .
 Now I get all the negative comments regarding this toy . At first a number of them seemed petty , but now I get it . Crane Noise - it 's so loud that I 'm unable to hear the tv , my husband talk , or another person on the phone over it . Crane Design - it sucks & has never worked right . Does my 2 yr old boy realize that it does n't work ? No , but it sure would be more fun for him if it did . Durability - terribly annoying given that 6 different things keep breaking off every 1-3 minutes & my 2 yr old ca n't fix them himself but is bugged by the sudden change in his toy . So what happens ? I have to stop what I 'm doing every 5 minutes to keep fixing the basic parts or convince him -LRB- not so well -RRB- to move on . Assembly - really sucks . My husband & I together sat for 2 hours and had great difficulty putting it together . Looking for a bettter purchase ? Try the Fast Lane Garage - my son LOVES it and plays for 20 minutes at a time numerous times a day with it .
 My 3 year old son wanted this toy for Christmas last year . After receiving it , he played with it for all of two days before it broke . I knew buying for a 3 year old was a risk but wanted to get this for him and hoped it was more durable . The ice part broke apart and got to where it would n't stay together at all without falling through on its own . The arm stopped lifting and needless to stay there was more than one disappointed person in our home that Christmas . I would n't buy it if I could get by with it .
 My 4-year-old was very excited to get this toy for Christmas and loved playing with it . Unfortunately , however , something was falling off of it every five minutes . After about 3 or 4 days , it died . I returned it to the local Target store and was given a refund . I intended to buy another one to replace it , but I could not find one locally or even on line except via auction for about three times the listed price . I felt really bad and was expecting quite a fuss from my son , but he has not missed it and has not asked about it even one time . I guess it was n't that special after all !
 My 31/2 year old son received this for Christmas because this is what he wanted . He was very excited about and loved playing with it but the sound effects did not work at all . It took my husband a very long time to put it together and then to find out after all that time that the sounds do n't work . After reading the other reviews about this I will not get another one . It is too much money to waste my time if another one does n't work . I will replace it with a much better quality toy .
 We gave our son this toy for Christmas . After assembling the toy on Christmas morning , my husband and I sat for an hour trying to get it to work . We did everything from re-assembling to installing new batteries and got nothing.I returned the toy to the store the next day to find out that many people had experienced the same problem , and that there was not another one available anywhere . My son really wanted this toy for Christmas , and was really dissapointed that we had to take it back.I have been very satisfied with the quality of the other matchbox playsets that we have purchased for my son . I hope that the problem with this toy does get resolved , because I 'd still like to get him one . It does look neat , and I think that if it worked , he 'd have many hours of fun with it .
 My 5 year old son received this toy as a gift for his birthday . He had asked for something else -LRB- the slimecano -RRB- , but due to the bad reveiws of that product we purchased this instead . He surprised us all by forgetting all about the slimecano . He loved this toy . He plays with it and the Matchbox Ferris Wheel set -LRB- his other favorite -RRB- all day long . . atleast he did until this broke.The Crane mechanism is poorly designed . The gearing inside of it does not handle the stress of being moved manually , or being hung up -LRB- as will happen when a car falls under its path of travel - a common occurrance -RRB- . After 3 weeks of regular play , one of the gears inside the crane broke loose from its anchor -LRB- in the side of the crane body -RRB- , leaving the works a jumbled and broken mess . No more crane.I was extremely surprised to see this happen so quickly . My son has been playing with the ferris wheel -LRB- another motorized matchbox set in the same line -RRB- since Christmas , and the rotating wheel has stood up to considerable punishment from him without a problem . It still works after being jammed and turned by hand often . This , however , is not so forgiving.I contacted Mattel today to see if I could purchase a replacement crane -LRB- or body with the proper gear anchor intact , only to find out that they are sold out . I can only imagine , based upon a quick glance at the reviews on this site that their stock was depleated by warantee replacements . For further evidence of this , the Mattel rep did agree to send me a ` voucher ' for $ 23 -LRB- the supposed average retail price of the toy - not from where I 'm sitting , look at the price on this site ! -RRB- . When I asked her if I could use it to purchase another ice mountain , she said yes , but I might want to consider a different toy , and that I could purchase multiple toys up to the limit of the voucher -LRB- I 'm not sure , but I think she even suggested a ` hot wheels ' car or 2 ... no promotion for that phone rep!All in all , he was delighted to receive it and despondent when it broke . Mattel is trying to make good without alot of arguing on my part , so I 'm not too unhappy . The only thing they could have done better , in my opinion , was better engineer the toy from the start .
 I love chess and I 'd always hoped to instill that love in my children . Fortunately , they are all fast learners and within an hour they were all doing very well . I decided last Christmas to buy this set for one of my children so that he 'd have one that he could carry around with him and possibly begin attending tournaments . Unfortunately , I did n't look at the dimmensions before I ordered it . I did n't realize how large it was . The board is solid with only one fold so the case has to be large enough to hold that and the pieces . The pieces also are huge . It 's a good set , it 's just a lot larger than I 'd thought and that makes it harder for a 9-10 year old to carry it around .
 I am the writer of bad toy and I do n't know what some people are talking about this toy works like a word I do n't want to say .
 I got this toy from my Grampy a few years ago and it was fun for a while , but you look totally cheesy and it 's too bulky.The back is too hard to unscrew , and you almost break the plastic trying to open it . The headband is too flimsy , and when you move , it falls off . The little lights come on when you pull the goggles on , and you still ca n't see a whole lot . it broke soon after I got it , The lights would n't work , and you ca n't open the light thingy to put new ones in . The only reason I said educational is because the best thing you can do with it is read . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I would think that out of all the toys spygear or wildplanet have created , I 'd think that they would havecreated something productive ... Not two flashlights `` built-in '' to a pair of green-lensed goggles . They 're fun for dress up or household use , though .
 They were inexpensive and there was a reason for that ... very cheaply made so we ended up returning them after looking at the box . Spend more money and find something else .
 We gave these goggles to our granddaughter for Christmas . She says they do n't work . You ca n't really see anything better . She was very disappointed . Opening the package was fun but that 's about it for play value . Maybe the family learned something trying to figure out why they do n't work .
 These are not worth the money . The battery must be FREQUENTLY replaced and they tint enerything green
 It is dumb . I can see better without the green lens thing and the goggles hurt your head . And they say its for `` spying '' lol yah right u can see the lights and it just gives you away .
 Is really a simple toy . Is similar to use a little lamp on your head . There is not difference if use or not the glasses .
 I purchased this for my youngest grandson . He was excited when he opened them . Things like `` cool '' were said . He and his older brothers went out last night to `` stealth '' in the woods on my property . When he came in he said he could n't see anything .
 With these on , you are the complete opposite of a spy , they are so big that you look like a big robotic bug . The headpiece is too small , and the goggles are green . You ca n't see anything ! The battery case is hard to open , and on top of that , the batteries run out really fast ! I 'd recommend this as a book light or for your kids that are scared of the dark . This is probably one of the Spy Gear company 's WORST toys .
 The heading above pretty much sums it up . My eight-year-old could n't wear these for more than a few minutes without the pain caused by the poor design and the strap mounted battery forcing him to take them off . The `` sleek '' design was apparently tested without an actual kid . I even called the company and they admitted that they had no kids even available to test their toys on.Amazingly bad . Save your money and buy them a book instead .
 I ca n't see a thing with this toy . I see better without the toy at all .
 used to be that yamaha made a decent mid priced PA , but by the plastic construction and sound of these PA speakers they are obviously cutting lots of corners . i thought i might be able to use these for small coffee house shows and for rehearsal but they ca n't even compete with small guitar amp . oh well , as they say `` you get what you pay for ''
 Less than a year old , one output to speakers failed in mid-gig . Got a Y-connector -LRB- speakers are mono -RRB- . Second output failed in middle of next gig . Furious .
 I like the size , sound -LRB- except the reverb , which Is pretty awful but fortunately I do n't need -RRB- and feature set of this setup , but after owning it about two years now , I 've concluded the reliability is just not there . First failure was a noisy fan , starting after a couple of months and which ultimately ended up cutting out entirely . I was able to replace this myself after finding the part , but it 's clear they 're using the most low budget fans they can find -LRB- and there are two mini muffin fans inside that are n't identical -RRB- . And now the left channel speaker output has started cutting out , mostly only working when the unit is warmed up and even then somewhat intermittently . I 'm not sure I 'll bother to fix it at this point , and instead invest in something better . It seems to me both the mechanical parts as well as the electrical are ultra-low-budget consumer grade parts that just wo n't last .
 What a disappointment . The pictures for the SquashBlox items all mention `` theme kit '' . `` Kit '' making you think you have everything you need . They show children happily playing wiht their train , castle or animal . What they do n't clearly show is that you are only purchasing the small accessory pieces , not the fact that you need to purchase the `` builder 's kit '' which is not available as I can tell on amazon . I was so embarassed after sending this train kit to a friend to find out he only recieved soft wheels and other small parts , not the big panels needed to put it together . Do not waste your money or time .
 I was upset when I recieve this big box with a tiny bag with pieces of a train and not to mention the box was opened so I told the delivery driver to return it pieces were missing . But when I went back to the site and looked alittle closer . The actual kit was did not include the train itself . The train kit was sold by itself . All I bought was small velcro pieces . This was not what I expected and this was my first purchase off of amazon .
 A review of 1 is being generous !!! I purchased this toy for my 4-year old as a Christmas gift . Wish I had read the reviews first and not wasted my time ! The cans are almost impossible to get standing . All 3 cans tip back with little or no effort . The gun itself is even worse ! Only if a child is as strong as an adult can they pull back on the plunger . Then it locks up so you can not pull the trigger back no matter how old you are ! If adults get frustrated with this toy , you know a 4 year old will . My 9 year old ca n't even get it to work ~ now that 's sad !!!
 Just like the other reviewers we had bad luck with these . We ended up with two of these for the girls ' birthdays and neither worked well . The guns were too hard for either of them -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- and they would break every other shot , my husband even took them apart and put them back together to no avail.The cans were hard to pull up and if you did finally got lucky enough to knock them over they would just fall . It never worked right ... Not worth the time , money or space it takes on the game shelf . I strongly recomend finding something else .
 Purchased this toy for my four year olds birthday and he wasso excited . Unfortunately when he would hit the cans they rarelyever fail over . When they did fall over and we had to reset them they would not stay up . The balls if stepped on get squished easily . He no longer plays with it out of frustration , and neither does my six year old .
 The cans were very hard to knock over at first . Now -LRB- two weeks later -RRB- we ca n't get them to stand up . We gave up using the gun it came with and used a Nerf gun . The gun was too difficult for kids of the intended age range to use.Ideally this product would have a sensitivity adjustment so little kids could just barely tap it and have it work , and older kids would need a good solid hit .
 I would have put zero stars for educational value and durability but it was n't an option . My son received this `` toy '' for his birthday . The kids had fun with it for a few minutes , but the gun is very hard to work.The ball must be pushed in just far enough for it to gun fire and my son also pinched and cut his finger on the trigger . The cans are tricky for kids to pull up , and they kept falling over and `` crunching '' before they could get all three to stay up to even play the game . Even the adults were getting frustrated with setting the cans up ! Well anyway , the kids lost interest in it in about fifteen minutes , and one of the cans broke and no longer stays up . Which is fine with me because I feel that my son does n't need toy guns anyway !
 All the other reviewers are absolutely right . The toy was defective right out of the box . It 's a cute idea , but needs to be totally redesigned .
 The toy is hard to use , irritating and just plain awful . A child would have to have superstrong fingers to pull the trigger , not to mention how annoying the sounds of the little tin cans -LRB- which you have to pull very hard to make them straight again , and do come right off the stand -RRB- . I 've had Dollar Store toys that were more durable and fun .
 I bought this for my 2 boys thinking they would love it ... they did for about a minute until the gun broke !! The trigger thing is too hard for a kid to pull back so an adult had to do it but then if you pull too hard it breaks . It worked 1 time , we thought it was just a defective toy so we took it back and exchanged it for another . The same exact thing happened . Also having never been used , one of the cans we never even were able to get it to stand up . This is a good concept for a toy but it needs a HUGE improvement . Highly advise to NOT BUY . Would have given a 0 across the board but it does n't offer that rating .
 My 4YO son got this for Christmas . After reading the other reviews , I wanted to take this back to the store , but alas he insisted on keeping it . It is not as bad as the other reviewers say , but it is rather poorly designed . The cans do stay up . My son can pull the trigger by himself , though I do n't see how because it is difficult for me . The noises are repeatitive and irritating . And once the cans have colapsed , it is very difficult to pull them straight again and my son can not do that on his own . To pull the cans back straight , you have to pull very hard and twist ever so slightly . It takes several tries for me to set each one back . I hope he gets bored with it soon . : - -LRB-
 We received this toy for Christmas this year . It was such a cute idea , and my 4 year old son was so excited to play with it , that we opened it right away . As you will see all the other reviews , he did n't even get to pull the trigger once . It jammed , and uncle took the gun apart to try to fix it , to no avail . I had n't read the reviews ; just took it back to Toys R Us to try to get a new one . Good thing I did n't find it . After coming online to try to order it , I read the reviews , and realized ours was n't just a one-time lemon . I wish it would have been made better because the idea is great . Oh well !
 I did not buy this item but as I can see it in the picture , the board is flawed . On the right bottom corner the color of the square should be white . So u have to rotate the board and then it will be divided in half vertically . Whoever designed the board apperently doesnt know anything about chess : -RRB-
 i recieved the product 14days after the shipping date . i bought the product new and it came used . the product did n't fly . the engines were falling out and also one was more powerful than the other resulting in it going around in circles . i would not recommend this product for any one .
 This is a horrible design . In order to erase the board , I have to move the mechanism and press down on the actual screen in order to get everything erased . I would not recommend . Find another brand . I keep meaning to write the manufacturer to complain about this product . My son does still enjoy it despite it 's flaws , but if I had seen it in person first , I would not have purchased it .
 I was really excited to get these sticky sand art projects for my son - I had done something similar as a kid and really enjoyed it . There are a lot of problems with this kit , however . The kit includes three pictures to decorate with sand , and a small round container with six different colors of sand in it . The pictures are not large , but I could tell when I opened the box that there was not enough sand to do all three . Whatever color you choose for a larger section such as a background will be almost gone , only good for small details in the other two pictures . Even shaking all the excess sand back into the container does n't leave you with enough , and it 's next to impossible to do - the holes that the sand comes out of are extremely small . Also , the paper sections that you peel off the picture do n't come off the way they 're supposed to . They either do n't come apart and take a bunch of smaller details or adjoining sections with them , or they tear in the wrong place . I had to peel every piece for my 7-year-old son , and even for me it was frustrating and slow . Instead of the independent art project I had intended for him , I had to help with every step of the process , from peeling the paper to trying to funnel the excess sand back into those teeny holes in the container . I wo n't be buying any more of these . I recommendOrb Factory Sticky Mosaics
 I was very excited to buy this product as my two boys -LRB- 21 months -RRB- have eaten every crayon they have ever gotten their hands on . When these crayons arrived I thought they looked really sturdy and could see why they may be too big for little mouths . I was wrong , although the base of the crayon is quite thick the top part is not and it took them all of 2 minutes for them to bite the tops off .
 Very disappointed . Purchased for my 3 year old daughter 's birthday . The paints leaked and stained hands and table top . Do not intend on purchasing this brand again , nor recommending .
 I am a big fan of Alex toys and was excited to try the dots and dashes paint set . It was messy and it stained my wooden table especially the purple one -LRB- even though it claims to be washable -RRB- . My kids did not enjoy the experience and even threw their work in the garbage . My advice , get a different brand for dot and dashes paint .
 We got these Alex paints and theDo-A-Dot Rainbow Art Set -LRB- Set of 6 -RRB- at the same time , and the Do-A-Dots definitely win . We actually ended up tossing these after a couple of months rather than finishing them . The tubes were too thick and too stiff for my 2-year-old son to be able to squeeze easily . And they leaked - not a lot , but enough to get paint spread all around the room , which is a pain to track down and clean up even with washable paint . I do love the concept , and my son and I really enjoy playing with the Do-A-Dot version .
 The bottle is such hard plastic and the paints dry out , it 's really hard to get the sponge tips wet again , because you ca n't really squeeze them . I do n't know if its because they are top heavy or what , but they tip over easily , and they are awkward to hold . After a year of wrestling with them , I 'm throwing them out -LRB- still half full -RRB- and ordering the Do-a-dot Rainbow Art Set . I shout a loud DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY to any potential buyers !!
 My daughter of 7 loves to use my Wacom tablet on my computer to draw with Painter so when I saw this I thought it would be a cool Christmas gift for her to hook up to the small TV I have and let her draw , paint whenever she wanted . I was totally disappointed though as the pen/pad response is awfull even for a toy . You really have to push hard in some cases to get it to react and there really is n't a good free form drawing mode . The pen also is n't even close to being accurate on where you click and frustrated my daughter after a while . She still occassionally plays with it but she had to learn the way to toy wanted to respond to touch and such which is n't anything like putting a crayon to paper . Maybe she got too used to my Wacom but I 've had better toys from Leapster with better touch screen response than this one . I ca n't recomend this at all .
 This toy has many clever features , but many of them are unusable due to poor hardware or software , I 'm not sure which . For some of the activities , the images displayed on the TV screen are disjoint and out of sync , resulting in a ghost image shifted to the left.So , for example , when trying to use the drawing tool , the drawn line appears as expected , but a second dimmer line is drawn to the left at the same time . This makes it impossible to make any kind of acceptable drawing.Pity . It seems like it would be a lot of fun if it worked right .
 I recently purchased this toy for my daughter 's 3rd . birthday . The only tune it plays is & amp ; quot ; Kiss the Girl & amp ; quot ; from & amp ; quot ; The Little Mermaid & amp ; quot ; . I went to Hasbro.com and yes , there they are in beautiful color on my computer screen , however you can not purchase the 3-packs of music chips on-line . Additionally , The Hasbro site did not hava a search site for any local stores where I might purchase them . Target.com should have the additional music chips , or at least state that they are unavailable ! Do not buy this toy , unless it does n't matter that only one music chip is included .
 Why are n't additional chips available online for this product ?
 ** Do n't buy this thinking you will actually get what the pictures and product description says you will get !! The pictures and product description for this item are misleading . The actual toy comes with 6 figurines -LRB- the four characters and two of rocket -RRB- . All of the character figurines have bases on them and none are even close to 4 '' tall , let alone 6 '' tall . Also , this seller -LRB- Playtoys -RRB- has this exact same product listed elsewhere for almost $ 5 cheaper .
 This picture mis-represents the toy . Each figurine is individually mounted on a round base that can easily break off . I was hoping for a more traditional set of figurines for my children to play make pretend with .
 I felt very strange when I got a email which told me that this item was undeliverable with no reason . I got refund for this purchase . It wasted my time to buy this item .
 if you people still like yugioh that GET A LIFE , A JOB , SOME FRIENDS , OR SOMETHING ! Come on ! Sure it was fun for a little while , but these things dont last unless you but a deck box and card sleeves which cost more money that you could be spending on other things , they have very little thinking going on . All you do is simple addition and subtraction ! maybe once in a while you get something different like muliplying the atk strength or something , but THATS IT . 2nd graders could do the math for this game ! And all you do is see what monster has the greatest attack or defence strengh or if the card has some special ability . Then you throw in the spell anf trap cards that have abilities . PARENTS WANTING TO BUY THIS FOR YOUR CHILD - DO N'T DO IT . IT 'S A COMPLETE WASTE OF GOOD MONEY ! If your child wants them a lot , and i 'm talking about A LOT , then make them earn their own money . Over all , this is a poor game with a bad TV show.P.S . If you go to a book store and get the origional `` manga '' for yugioh , the you will be suprized that there is very little card play in them . i know some people are gon na wan na kill me now , but for the parents , do n't do it .
 This item is listed as series 6 , unmasked , wolverine varient . The problem is , is that the item pictured is the unmasked series 3 wolverine . Series 6 is the brown costume wolverine.Marvel Legends Series 6 Wolverine -LRB- Variant -RRB- Action Figure
 We ordered this footrest along with the Brummi Kettrike . The quality of the cycle is fantastic and we expected the same from the footrest . However , the footrest does not stay in place which causes the wheels to `` lock up '' while we are pushing , which lurches the bike and my child forward . I e-mailed the folks at Kettler and they had no real suggestions as to how to resolve the problem . Unless this item works better on different Kettrikes , I would not spend the money for this item .
 We agree with Wendy - do n't waste your money . The method used to attach the footrest to the Ketrike is a belt that goes around the main bar of the trike . After buckling the belt and tightening , it 'll work until the child puts any amount of pressure on the footrest . The belt easily loosens and the footrest digs into the wheel/pedals , causing the trike to stop abruptly - which is a pain for both the child riding and the parent pushing .
 We 've had the same problem with the footrest locking up the trike and lurching our child forward . We took the trike to the toystore where we purchased it and the sales associate is going to contact Kettler to see if they can resolve the issue .
 We purchased the Kettler Lil-Toote Kettrest to use with our daughter 's Radio Flyer tricycle after reading that it would be compatible ... however when we received it , we damaged it just trying to install it . Good idea to make a footrest for little ones , but Radio Flyer needs to make one for their own tricycles .
 First of all , installing this thing is frustrating beyond belief . I guess I was under the impression that it would be a small platform for the child 's feet if the pedals were not to be used . I should have read the description more closely . Instead this platform covers the pedals with the aid of this cheap velcro material that is extremely difficult to install and it 's a cheap , poorly made platform at that.What I dislike about the entire concept is that I have a wagon for my daughter and one of those plastic cars to push her around in . So ... what is the purpose of having a tricycle whereas you are trying to get your child to LEARN how to ride a bike just to put a platform up for their feet that completely covers the use of the pedals ? It seriously defeats the purpose ! If you do n't want your child to learn how to ride a tricyle yet , consider getting one of those plastic cars , belt them in , and push them around until they are ready for bike riding . Otherwise , understand that you are purchasing a tricycle to help them learn how to pedal , skip this product , and let them USE the pedals of the tricyle as originally intended !
 The footrest sounded like a good idea to keep our 14 month old 's feet off the ground , but she quickly figured out how to keep them up and now on the pedals . The footrest does a good job of transforming the trike into a stroller , but we use the trike to learn and have fun , hence the footrest went on once and came off after the first trip , and will not be used in the future . I 'd skip the footrest , unless you need it for some reason . A horn , bell , and basket are all great add ons for the Trike though .
 I gave this product two stars because I never actually got to use it , but love the concept . The footrest only works with certain Kettler bikes that have the free wheel system , which the bike I ordered does n't have . It would have been useful if that was mentioned in the description of the product as I would n't have had to go through the return process . Am very happy with all of Amazon 's sevices .
 We have the kettler Blossom and I ordered the foot rest assuming if would work because from the descriptions it sounds like almost all Kettler have the auto free wheel system thing.I can not find the answer anywhere which is extremely annoying , not even the manufacturer!I 'm starting to be annoyed with Kettler !!!
 After reading the other reviews I feel like I might have missed something , because I did not care for this game . I played it with 9 friends who also agreed with me . We felt the play of the game was tedious and in many cases some teams just ` free jumped ' their way into a big lead . We also felt that at least half of the questions , especially in the movies and tv categories were totally obscure . Anyway , just my opinion maybe you 'll feel different .
 I added this item to my wishlist -LRB- and received it as a gift -RRB- after reading all the positive reviews . But after playing the game with three others , I did n't get a lot out of it . The others who played with me did n't enjoy it , either.Part of the problem is that I grew up in the 80 's , but was probably too young to remember some of the things that happened . -LRB- I graduated high school in 1997 . -RRB- But I also felt that the questions were phrased funny and were hard to read and although the game should n't be completely simple , some of the questions were really obscure.So , if you were teenage or above in the 1980 's , go for it . You 'll probably enjoy it . But for today 's early to mid-twenties crowd , I would recommend that you pass on this one .
 The questions in the game are too easy and the game play is not very interesting . I think this game would be a good value for -LSB- money -RSB- but not at almost -LSB- money -RSB- .
 My daughter wanted this chair and the matching groovy style tent for her room , when the package was open we were in shock because this was small doll/barbie stuff . My daughter was very upset . THIS IS A CHAIR FOR A DOLL/BARBIE NOT A CHILD !!!!!!!
 My 7 yr old daughter got a gift certificate for Christmas and looked and looked at the toys and things on Amazon . She finally decided she wanted this chair for her room . Nowhere does this say this is a doll chair . She cried and cried because she patiently waited to get this for her room only to have it a doll toy .
 i thought this was a chair for my grandaugter ! it is for a barbie doll . the ad is misleading . unless u want a barbie doll chair dont buy it ...
 If you are buying this chair thinking that your kid can actually sit in it , then do n't . This chair is for a doll . Although on the website it looks like a normal size chair for a kid to sit in , when it arrives , you will quickly find out that this is a chair for a baby doll . Make sure that you are buying a baby doll chair when you purchase this item . Again this is not a chair for your child to sit in . It is for their baby dolls .
 I ordered this chair for my 5 year old daughters room . When I recieved the chair I was shocked that it was actually for a doll . Now I have to return it . Who in thier right mind would pay 12 . oo for a little chair .
 I thought I was buying a chair for my 5 yr . old neice . . It is only a chair that would fit a barbie size doll . Next time I will look further into the measurements , however I am very upset at the deceiving picture and ad .
 I am very disapointed with the color quality of the stones . I can find the same rock right here in Idaho .
 This groovy girls wardrobe ad was very misleading . I thought there was a doll and clothing inside . When my grandaughter opened her gift , it was a major disappoinment and very embarrassing . If you look at the ad for the wardrobe , where it tells you to click on the picture , there is a doll and clothing pictured .
 I got this wardrobe for Christmas . The metal latch broke the first time I used it . It was pretty lame . Use a shoe box for your groovy girl stuff instead .
 I brought this product looking for something with a cheap price ! And thats exactly what i got back in return something cheap . The whistle wouldnt blow half the time and when I did get it to blow it was still weak . Not worth it .
 I recently ordered this for my daughter . The description states it is 61L X 28W '' and it is clearly not . The item we received is actually 12L x 6W '' . My daughter was very disappointed which makes me extremely unhappy .
 I bought this for my son because he wanted a red tail plane . This set did nothave a decal or red paint as the picture showed . Thus this was not a red tail . Alsothere was no green paint for the ground vehicle . It took my son 6 hours to put it together.He enjoyed putting it together ~ this is the only positive thing .
 I purchased this new , for my daughter 's first toddler bed . WHAT A MISTAKE !! The inflatable mattress does n't fit snugly into the bed , so there are HUGE gaps on the sides , which I had to roll up blankets and stuff pillows around it , so my daughter would n't get stuck in between the sides & mattress , and suffocate !! Then , about a month after having it , the mattress got a hole that I could not find , so I replaced it with a cot , thinner , mattress . No fear of my daughter getting stuck anymore , but HOW uncomfortable !! Then , the ` foot board ' soon got a hole and deflated.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! BAD , BAD , BAD !!
 Loved this inflatable bed on screen . My daughter received it for XMAS , but it took forever to inflate , even with an automatic pump . One of the rails had hole in it from beginning . Also , have to be careful ... definite suffocation hazard . If you purchase this ... be aware you should check on toddler often . As soon as my daughter would roll over , her face was in the side rail that was still inflated . Only the mattress top is `` cloth '' , not the rails , ends or head that surround mattress . We exchanged it for another , but the second one was opened previously and then taped shut by Amazon -LRB- ? -RRB- . We just returned it for refund instead of taking second chance with the bed .
 When I first seen this product I had no intentions on keeping it as an official bed it was only to be temporary but my 2 year old daughter insisted that it stay out forever . . I bought this bed a little over a month ago and it had a leak in it about 2 weeks ago and still have yet to find it ... also the other side got a leak in it about 2 days ago and now the whole thing collapsed . My daughter is very upset . Although I did not expect much she is still devastasted . Also the person that talked about dangerous is also right . The holes are very large and she has slipped in them plenty of times and i heard her crying only to find her head stuck in the bed . It is now occupying the trash can . I would not recommend for daily use or any use for that matter ... maybe for playing but thats it ...
 This bed was Beautiful . We got it for our daughter and she was just as happy as us.It took a while to inflate , but that was n't the problem.Our daughter turns 4 in Jan. 2006 and we always had to keep something on the open parts next to the mattress because we were concerned of her head or whole body possibly stuck , etc. . The little flags that hang got torn within 2 months . The material started to look dirty within a few months also and needed constant wiping with a wipe . The top -LRB- where all the princesses are -RRB- would n't always stay straight , mainly would lean forward . And to top that off , the mattress popped about 1 month ago . It comes with a patch , but it did n't work longer than 2 days -LRB- and we KNOW how to add them because we 've dealt with this kinda problem before -RRB- . So as nice as this bed looks , it might not last long ... just a warning .
 The `` idea '' is adorable and it looks amazing on the box , but the actualy product is very poor in quality.It takes forever to blow up , then we could n't get the headboard part to stand up straight . It kept leaning in . The construction is very poor also . The sides are attached oddly and not made to last -LRB- hard to explain , but it is not one sold piece , each section is seperate -RRB- . Ours also had a slow leak and would partially deflate by morning causing the castle -LRB- which was already leaning -RRB- to collapes.I called , e-mailed and wrote the company to get a replacement -LRB- I could n't return it -RRB- and they would NEVER respond . You have to leave a voicemail message with the company and I could n't get a live person . After 3 months I gave up and the junk is sitting in the closet . I wish Disney did n't allow their name to be put on this product .
 We purchased this for our 3 year old daughter who loves the Disney princesses . Even though we purchased it as a `` play '' bed we soon realized the poor design with the unsecured sides could be a hazard for any child . We immediately returned the item and warned the store clerk on how dangerous the bed could be . It 's not worth the risk of suffocation for an air bed that probably would n't last long anyway . I recommend you look else where for your child 's princess dreams .
 We purchased this bed with the intention of using it for vacations , sleepovers etc. . However , we soon came to realize that setting this bed up is no easy feat . It comes in four seperate inflatable pieces . You need to first assemble the footboard to the headboard which is done by fitting plastic pieces into each other and turning them . The only problem is they keep falling out . The battery operated -LRB- 4 D cell batteries -RRB- pump that is included is painstakingly slow . Even with an electric pump which we used , there are many different air chambers that need to be filled and it is quite time consuming . This bed can not be set up in minutes as they claim and as far as taking it apart , to fit it back in the storage bag you need to completley deflate it . I would not recommend this bed to somebody looking for a travel bed . We ended up returning it .
 We purchased this for our daughter solely for a bed to sleep on . We feel that it was extremely inconvenient in the setup and takedown . We also noticed that during the night she would roll over and fall between the side and her velvet mattress . Because of the danger of her suffocating at night we returned the bed .
 My daughter 's grandparents were here from overseas and they set her loose in a toy store , returning with this carrying case and two other cc items for close to the price of a grocery bill . It 's made of cardboard . No critters are included . You could have the fun of decorating a shoebox with your child and use that instead -- no charge . Try a rubber band and voila ! A latch.Do we play with this ? Sort of . When we play calico critters , she moves them into her Dora playhouse -LRB- picked up free at a thrift shop -RRB- and she moves MY family into this overpriced box for ME to use . Buyer beware !!
 After contacting the company twice about never recieving the product , nothing was ever done . I ordered this item for my niece for her 4th birthday and becasue of this item not coming I had no present for her on the day of her birthday . I waited one month from the shipping date before I cancelled the order and asked for my money back .
 I bought this to play checkers with my grandson . I debated between this one and one that was a little more expensive . I wish I 'd opted for the other . The board is flimsy and the checkers are thin and hard to stack to make `` kings '' . I would recommend spending a few dollars more and getting something more substantial .
 I had read some of the reviews that this was a cheaply made checker set , but I figured for the price , I 'd give it a try . Well , it is very cheap . The board is super flimsy and the pieces do n't nicely stack . You can play checkers on it so it does it 's job , but we 'll soon be buying a nicer set .
 I bought this game for the board , not the checkers . For the price of -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- with shipping -RRB- , I figured it would be a quality product . This is n't worth -LSB- ... -RSB- . It needs sturdy chess pieces to lie flat and I duct taped the fold to prevent tearing . My first crappy rip-off using the internet .
 It was a toy I had my son save for . It was a dream come true when he finally got it . But soon after , he realised that it was highly unweildy . To start with it can not use cards with pastic sleeves on . The cards get damaged when pushing it in and out of the deck zone and the graveyard . It is difficult to use the hand he wears it on to shuffle the cards as some spell cards call for . It is just easier for the real duelists to carry the decks it the deck boxes and play on the game mat . In fact my son and his friends will play on any flat surface with just the cards.It is just a good prop for taking pictures .
 I 'm a 16 year old who -- I 'm not afraid to admit it -- plays the YGO game , and even watches the show -LRB- even if it is horribly dubbed -RRB- . My younger brother got this `` toy '' the other day , and I must say it 's a waste of money . The only other 1-star review was annoyed that it did n't provide holograms , I 'm not , since that would be asking to much . However , this thing is n't really good for anything . In America , YGO is targeted at 5-10 year olds . However , if a child of that age were to put one of these on , he 'd look rediculous -LRB- actually , that goes for all ages -RRB- . It 'd be about half the size of him/her . Second , it 's hard to actually put many of the cards in . The monsters are easy enough , but to put the Magic or Traps in , you often have to bend the card.The worst part though , is that the cards fall off easily . Lower your arm , and there goes the game . Why not just buy your kid some booster packs ?
 I like the toy but it hardly sticks to the show and the deck holder wrecks your cards . The people who made this toy did n't really think about realizim . It 's supposed to go on your right hand and the magic cards are supposed to go in the back not the front . They also do n't make the magic card slots big enough-sometimes ... I think it 's ok if you do n't really care about the reallizim or the condition of your cards .
 I do n't really think that this toy is good because all it basically does is just hold your cards and keep track of your lifepoints . I do n't know why you would get a toy that destroys your cards little by little -LRB- it bends the edges -RRB- . I can use a calculator or keep track in my head for the lifepoints . I could also play the cards anywhere , as long as I have card sleeves to protect them . Basically what I 'm saying is , this toy is useless , but I do have to admit , it does make dueling look decent , but I wish it could actually make holograms .
 This is the worst toy I 've ever used in my life !!! I thought it was going to be so cool , but it STUNK !!!! It is the plain , stupidist device I have ever seen or heard of in my entire life . The annoying thing is clumsy and awkward and it does n't even have a fusion deck .
 Yugio I think is a great card game , but come on . Kids want to buy this to be like Yugi , `` Hey look I have this gigantic hunk of plastic on my arm , I WILL WIN THE DUEL ! '' I think the TV show has major flaws , just stick with the cards . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ok , i have posted a review before . I have got 2 helpful ratings out of 9 . Now , i think that these reviews are getting alittle ... unbalanced ? I mean come on . . ive written a page on actual facts and my own opinions and compared to those 2 sentence reviews saying : '' THIS TOY IS GREAT ! YOU PUT MONSTER CARDS DOWN AND IT WORKS ! BUY IT ! '' . i think mine should be better read and not voted on being bad just cuz i think its bad . I dont want ppl who love this duel disk to rate it on not being helpful just cuz i gave it a bad rating . If thats the case , i myself will say no to every rating saying THIS TOY ROX . Whoever reads this , do not vote on weither or not it was a good rating on the toy , but wheter or not my opinion is correct on these reviews being unfavored . Thx .
 Parents , I beg you to not buy this toy for your children . Your children will be super disappointed with this toy , and it will lie in the corner unused after a few days.This toy is clunky , and huge . This thing will look like a monstrosity attached to your child 's arm . No serious duelist will ever use this because you ca n't use your cards in it when they are in card protectors !!! Many Yu Gi Oh cards have price values of $ 20 dollars or more , and if you play with them in the Duel Launcher , your child 's cards will be ruined.I am sorry , but look at the pictures does this look like a cool toy ? To me a looks like a retarded toy . Your child will be laughed at for using it.Ignore all the positive reviews this toy seems to have , and ask yourself , `` Can I see my child playing with this on a regular basis ? '' Instead of wasting 35 dollars on this useless toy , buy you child some starter decks , booster packs , or card singles instead.This toy adds nothing to the Yu Gi Oh experience , and will end up thrown in a corner after a few days !
 My son got this as a Christmas gift & he thought it was going to `` launch '' the cards as the title claims , buy when in actuality all it does is HOLD the cards . Then to make matters worse this toy is a dangerous weapon ... if someone is in front or too close of the person using the toy -LRB- like my 3 year old daughter -RRB- they can get SERIOUSLY hurt . When you open the launcher & release the trigger button it slings closed very fast . . It can really hurt someone very badly.So now instead of this being the toy that he `` HAD '' to have for Christmas is the toy that has so many rules as to where & when he can play with it makes it not such a fun toy after all . -LSB- ... -RSB- Very Unhappy mom
 Do n`t buy this toy.It ` s not worth the money.It ` s fun until you see what it does to your cards . The sides of my Dark Magician are ruined !
 This has been a disappointing toy ! I bought this for my son who had been looking forward to this toy . When we got home , we saw that the buttons you push to decrease the life points wont work -LRB- you press the buttons but the numbers do not decrease -RRB- and when you slide the short platform clockwise -LRB- as per the directions -RRB- the platform will not lock and it ends up snapping back . We exchanged it for a different one , but we still have the same problems . We are going to try a third time and if that one does n't work we are getting our money back . This is a cheap toy , and I ca n't believe that you have to pay almost $ 30 for something worth about $ 5 .
 If you like your cards in mint condition , then this is the worst toy to use with your cards . If you do not care about what your cards look like , this is an o.k. toy . No matter how hard you try , it will ruin your cards .
 This toy is a piece of junk . It does not function properly , and sometimes did not even work at all . It is pointless , and has no value to any child whatsoever . If I could have rated it `` 0 Stars '' I would have , but alas that was not an option . Save your money , do not spend it on this junk . It would be a waste of money . Also , as everyone knows , YuGiOh is just plain stupid and rejected .
 And the comics , too . A brain-reducer cartoon , and a sophistication of a very simple and well known game in Latinamerica countries . Supporting nonsense , never-ending competition , creates in the children a kind of destructive instincts . Thumbs down .
 THIS DUEL DISK IS FAKE ITS PLASTIC AND THE MAGIC AND TRAP CARD ZONES R IN THE FRONT UR OPP WILL SEE THEM AND NO HOLOGRAMS U CANT GET HURT WHEN U ATK IT SUCKS
 Okay , I 'll get this out of the way , I 'm 18 years old and I 've been playing YGO since it first came out . When they started battle city on tv , i thought it would be nice to play with a duel disk like on the show , so when I saw the Fight Disc on EBAY , I bought one , and I must say , that version , while it does not look like the battle city disk , it 's FUNCTIONS much more effectively in a duel . The graveyard is small , and getting your cards out of the deck holder after the duel is a pain the @ $ $ , if you know what i mean . The electronic stuff is weird and not worth it , you ca n't move the ones place on the LP counter eitherNow , why did I buy it ? Well , I did n't buy it myself , instead my girlfriend bought this for me as a present , and she did that purely because I 'm going as Yami Marik to Otakon 2004 and needed a duel disk . And , that is the only REAL reason , other then being a stupid DIE hard enthusiast to the show , that I can see , to buy this thing . It 's big , bulky , can break easily , and moves on your wrist too much . Even with the transformation , it still is n't worth the money you have to fork over for it.Now , onto these IDIOTS that think holograms are going to come out on these things . I only have one thing to say on that , and that is it 's never going to happen . The only reason they use the holograms in the show is to make it look cool and to hook people and get them to buy the cards . Also , IF they did -LRB- and they wo n't , there 's NO profit in it . -RRB- create a holo generator , it would COST 50 times what this abomination does and it would weigh almost 50 times as much , PLUS , how would they power it for long , multi hour duels ? -LRB- believe me , I 've had a few -RRB- So , if your kid uses protectors for their cards , get the fight disk , it 's more costly , but it 'll protect their cards , and it 's much more functional and it actually works well with holding the cards , even upside down . Whenever I duel using a disk , I use the fight disk . Anyway , there 's my two cents on this ... thing .
 UM this is bad . ive heard the LP counter breaks alot , not enough cards -LRB- my deck isnt big -LSB- only 46 cards -RSB- -RRB- but not with protectors ! everyone is mad about the M&T slots in front , but after much thinking I figured out the reason . Well , see if the were in back you 'd have to be careful not to hit the disk part when you put them in or remove them . W / them in front you , ve got all the room you need ! But there are still more bads than goods . The LP needs to be visible W/out the light on . the buttons only make the LP go down , not up . and the max is 9990 . ive gotten @ least 12,000 b4 . well DONT BUY IT .
 When I first heard of the duel disk coming to stores I had to have it , so I bought it the first day it was released . Since I am a national Yu-gi-oh card game champion , the main reason I wanted it was to use it to duel.The first thing I noticed was that I could not use cards in card protectors , because they would n't fit in the card slots . This was a problem because , like all serious players , I wanted to protect my valuable cards . so , I tried not using card protectors , and that was a big mistake ! Every card placed in the card zone slots were from damaged to seriously damaged !! But I was impressed by the technology of the duel disk . So , in conclusion , if you are a serious duelist this product would be useless to you , I do n't recommend buying it . I guess this toy would be fun if you were an average six year old kid that does n't pay attention to the true possible value of a card , or the condition of their cards .
 Why ? WHY !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! What is the point of buying this ? It costs too much , it 's not any fun , I 'm sure it puts a strain on your arm , standing there holding your arm out like that ... pretending to be Yuugi or Seto . How would I describe this item ? LAME ! I seriously doubt that the little kids -LRB- ages 5-10 -RRB- that want this , `` Duel-Disk '' , even understand the rules of Duel Monsters . I might change my mind about this if at least ONE person can e-mail me and tell me who Ryuji Otogi is !
 The duel disk is a good idea , but not constructed well . You ca n't put magic , trap , or field cards on it and you ca n't fit many cards in the deck and graveyard holders . If it was remade with magic/trap card slots and a field zone with larger deck/graveyard holders , it would be worth the money . Do n't waste your money on this .
 this thing is weak . it ca n't survive a hit with a baseball bat , not a single hit . education and yugioh are 2 words I thought I 'd never hear in the same sentance . same with fun
 Hi , I 'm an experienced Yu-Gi-Oh player and thought that this toy would allow me to duel with out a table , however I found that the duel disk was extremely heavy -LRB- unless you lift weights that is , you will find that as well -RRB- . I also found to my displeasure that I had to take all my cards out of their deck protector sleeves -LRB- I mean we 're talking ultra rare cards here -RRB- , so I decided to take my duel disk back . The deck holder is also small and the graveyard is tiny ... but the later should n't matter if you 're a good duelist.If you lift weights and do n't care about your cards it 's a good toy , if not ... and you like to keep your cards in good condition do n't get it .
 This toy arrived broken to my grandson but he waas so happy to have it he didnt care ... one side still worked and that was ok with him ...
 dont be stupid and order or buy here , its $ 5 . oo cheaper at wal-mart . this toy is stupid its a waist of money you could buy cards with like the new kiba & yugi evolution decks . they are power - ful , but yugi 's is way better with black luster solder !!!!!! no fib and many more super secret rare cards in both decks . buy cards not toys like this fake duel disk .
 Thoughts : - WOW I HAVE A DUEL DISK ! I SUMMON EXODIA . . ! Eh . . ? wheres exodia?Ok first off , ill split this into 2 reviews.One for parents one for kids.Since it will mostly be kids that will ask parents for this il provide this section first.For kids : Do not get this.Trust me.I am an average duelist , and the fact that you can not use sleeves is a big disadvatage.Good players have many ultra-rares and secret-rares in their decks , and having to remove them to play would be costly.Why ? well from wut ive heard , this thing ruins your field magic cards . Cards could fall off if you move around alot . Accidents happen . Imagine this : You have mirror force face down . Your opponant is about to atk with 3 monsters . You pull too hastily and your card is bent or scratched . Say Goodbye to the value of this card . Putting magics in front ... who designed this thing ? Dont expect holograms . . wouldnt happen or i would have a hologram of me telling you this toy sucks right now . As an average duelist , i also know that having a small graveyard is a bad thing . As many ppl say , the graveyard can only support about 20 cards . YOU WILL HAVE AT LEAST 17-30 CARDS LOST IN A REAL DUEL . DARK HOLE , RAIGEKI , MIRROR FORCE , HEAVY STORM , CYBER JAR , CARD DESTRUCTIONS , ALL OF THESE HEAVY HITTERS USUALLY SEND A MINIUM OF 2-3 CARDS TO THE GRAVEYARD . Than theres your graceful charities , fissures , offerings to the doomed etc. . Dont expect uner 17 cards in your graveyard unles your facing an amateur . Ive also heard that this thing does not even electronically calculate your lp ... you have to turn it yourself . . ? i mean come on , at the very least they could have made it digital with some flashy sounds and stuff . Than theres the fact that this thing do esnt tranform electornically either . It uses springs ... ? come on , id rather tie a frisebee onto my arm and paint lp on it to duel with . Look at the pictures . If this looks like real technology to you buy it.Ok . . one good thing about this toy . The deck slot can only fit about 65 cards . THIS IS A GOOD THING . FOR U NEWBIES WHO STILL USE 80 CARD DECKS AND PUT STUFF LIKE GATE GUARDIAN , THROW SOME CARDS OUT . MOST COMPETIVE DECKS USE 40 CARDS , NOT 50 OR 70 , ABSOLUTELY NOT 80 . This lets duelists throw some stupid cards like celtic guardian out . Overall , it looks OK and seems cool , but after ive read all this about it ive reconsidered my thoughts . Buy it if you want , but id rather sit on a table and play . No standing , or holding out your arm.Now one last word for these ppl who say Its an amazing toy . MOST , and i repeat MOST not ALL , are newbie duelists . Any proper duelists would say this is a below avg toy . THE PPL WHO SAY THEY WILL CRUSH US , AND THAT ITS A GREAT DUPLICATE ARE WRONG.PPL WHO SAY TAKE OFF YOUR SLEEVES AND USE IT ARE WRONG . THEY SAY THIS EITHER BECAUSE THEY 'RE ROLLING IN MONEY AND CAN BUY MULTIPLE COPIES OF GEMINI ELVES AND INJECTION FARIES , OR DONT ACTUALY HAVE ANY PROPER CARDS . If you do not use sleeves , or have lots of commmon cards . . -LRB- not saying they have to suck , i mean magician of faith is a common , but an avg card right ? -RRB- buy it.Give it a go , espcially if you hate using pens and stuff to write lp , but overall if your a serious tournament-wise duelist dont buy it.For parents : If your kid is below 7 years old , or over 12 do not buy this for them . Imagine a 6 or 7 year old wearing this . It can pinch you when it transforms , and little 6 year olds for the most part , wont know how to calculate lifepoints over 1000 . Now if your kid is over 11 or 12 , they will usually be serious duelists . This means they should not use this either.It dmgs those cards that they treasure so dearly , and beleive me they will throw a tantrum when 2-3 of their 20 $ cardsd are ruined.-PsiBlasteR `` One can not win , unless they have loss '' - PsiBlasteR
 I was reading the other reviews , to see if anyone has the same opinion as I do . -LRB- YES -RRB- I think this thing is cheezy and dangerous !! I am wondering if they are going to recall this thing.However my 9yr old loves it and is getting angry with me for not saying it is wonderful . . blah blah blah
 Everyone thinks this thing is fun . But it 's just a peice of plastic . and pluthe first day I got it the straps came out of the hole . It deos n't make any sense my arm is as thin as a pencil . and then every time I used itthe straps came back of and anyone that cares about there cards should never touch one of these card destroyers . so I say WORST TOY EVER
 It 's a plastic calculator that holds cards . I rest my case ! ... just getting lazier and lazier . Not durable at all ! ... What a waste , you can buy about 7 booster packs for that much ! ... Do n't buy this useless toy !
 You may buy this if you feel yer collection wo n't be complete without it ... but ... I know people who have bought it , and their cards are ruined . The M/T slots are on the wrong side . You ca n't fit cards with protectors into it . I could easily create a better one of these with the right tools , and some large funds . Indeed it looks nice ... also ... if you have a large deck and grave and move around alot , your cards will very likely spill out . If they would just release a version 2 ... with these problems fixed , and a space for a fusion deck ... i would buy it if they just fixed these problems ...
 This thing is awesome ! 1 problem
 i havnt actualy got one of these but from wut ive heard from the reviews it isnt that great ... I dont enter many tournaments , but i do know friends who do and i myself am an average duelist.Now wut i find most distrubing from these reviews is that it doesnt fit with sleeves and card protectors etc. . most good duelists use these to ensure that their holos wont get dmged , and by the sound of it this thing could easily scratch up ur precious gemini elf . . i was also disapointed to hear that it did not have an electronic lp counter , which was one main quality i wanted . Of course i knew this thing having holograms would be too good to be true , and without them this thing is basically like playing on a table . . in fact id say sitting down would b more confortable than wearing this.Having a small graveyard slot also hurts.In proper duels vs beatdown decks etc , ur gona lose a lot of cards quickly . Pot of greed , graceful charities , raigekis , dark holes , mirror forces will all send tons of cards to the graveyard . As for it being able to hold on about 65 cards , this isnt a downside . Good players limit their decks around 40-45 cards , so i see tis as a good thing . Geting those newbie 75 card decks down to 60 is great . Overall this seems OK , but not worth -LSB- $ -RSB- esppically since it isnt even really electronic or anything.Stick to the tables and chairs ...
 Yhis thing is a pice of CRAP . The graveyard holds no more than 25 cards.It is not educational cuz it dose the counting for you , and when you fold it back to walk with it it jumps back at you in 3 seconds . Trust me you are better off with out this thing .
 The Yu-gi-oh duel disk launcher was a `` must have '' for my six-year-old son this Christmas . Santa delivered the toy as expected , but the toy did n't deliver the fun ! The duel disk launcher is nothing more than a storage place for yu-gi-oh cards . The only `` special '' feature is the light up counter . I researched this product thoroughly prior to purchasing it , and thought it would offer many more options . It is over-priced for what you get . I would not recommend this toy .
 After 1 month it broke and would not snap back and hold -LRB- but he would still play with it -RRB- and tonight it snapped in half . He was just dueling with his brother - he always took good care of it . My son is so upset right now and is demanding I get him another . I refuse to drop another $ 30 + dollars for this trash -LRB- but I really wish he could get another - he is just so distressed -RRB-
 At first the flimsy plastic and the humongous size was blinded by the idea of my brand new toy . But soon enough after a day or two it was lying on the living room floor knowing in the back of my mind that it meant to be in the trash . Within the first few times of play it became bothersome often frustrating to play . It agitated me to the point of throwing it on the floor because as you positioned it into play the right side would scrape against my arm . THIS TOY IS NOT FOR PLAY unless you collect crap then yes buy this .
 I was very excited to buy this toy . I saved my money -LRB- a lot of it -RRB- and got it . I played with it for the first time and the very last . I 'm taking it back to the store . This toy costs too much money for what you get . Save it for something else . Unless you can get it on halfprice clearance sale . Use your very own hands , mat and brain to duel . It is more fun that way and helps you learn . Do not buy this toy . It bends and rips your cards and it 's no fun to use the cards you do n't really like . Everyone wants to use the best cards . None of my friends have this and it is probably a good thing . Now I wo n't have it either , but I will buy more cards .
 THE DUEL DISK LAUNCHER IS GOOD IF YOU HAVE A SMALL DUELING DECK WITH NO CARD CASES AND YOU HAVE A THIN ARM WITH SOMEONE ELSE WHO HAS A DUEL DISK . I BELIEVE THAT THIS ITEM IS OVERPRICED FOR IT ` SQUALITY . THIS IS N'T SUCH A GREAT ITEM ! TRUST ME !!!!!!
 Kids who are REAL duelists will be very disappointed with this Duel disk system . It does not take into account card sleeves that duelists use to protect their expensive cards like Buster Blader , Mirror Force , etc. . It can barely fit 40 cards in the Deck holder and even less in the Graveyard . Even if you do n't use card sleeves , both Deck and Graveyard holders warp and even bend the cards . I 'm returning mine and getting my money back .
 Ok @ 1st i thought it would be cool . then i heard the bad things . The only thing that really bugged me is that cards n protectars wont fit . i mean who cares if no holograms come out ? If i had the $ $ $ id buy the japanese ... version . Geez i thought this would be cool .
 This toy really really stinks . :--LRB- . It bends the edges of your CARDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE IT !!!!!!!!!! : - -RRB-
 Kids who are REAL duelists will be very disappointed with this Duel disk system . It does not take into account card sleeves that duelists use to protect their expensive cards like Buster Blader , Mirror Force , etc. . It can barely fit 40 cards in the Deck holder and even less in the Graveyard . Even if you do n't use card sleeves , both Deck and Graveyard holders warp and even bend the cards . I 'm returning mine and getting my money back . And I have a brother who 's an engineer , and he 's going to make a custom Duel Disk for me and my best friend .
 im 15 and i loved yugioh for as long as they came out in japanese and this seemed to be the worst thing they made !!! the duel disk cant even hold cards with sleeves in them !! would u really wan na put ur nice cards in them and the graveyard cant even hold taht many cards u put in around 20 cards and its about full already ... . i could probably list atleast 50 thing taht u can actaully make this product better . . 40 bucks i would rather get more cards with taht kind of money then buy this product !!! but hye everybody has a diffrent point of view but i rate this thing 2-3 out of 10 !!!
 After I purchased the Polly Mat a month later the company discontinued the pieces that went with it for the smaller children because the magnets fell out and were a choking hazard . I never opened the mat , but the period for return was up . So I 'm stuck with a brand new mat that my 3 year old ca n't use . Poor customer service and very disappointed .
 Amazon , just because this product was put in the toy section , does not mean it is a toy . Paint is not a toy ! This product works just like discribed , paint in a pen form . Just press down and a measured amount of paint is released with no need for a brush .
 This horse trailor is not durable , it started to fall apart within two hours of opening the package and playing with it . My daughter is nine so she was n't rough with it . She and I were so disappointed . It was Christmas and she had waited a very long time for this particular toy . Anyway , first a window popped out then another then the back window then the bumper fell off and on and on it went ... I felt horrible for her . So , I DO NOT recommend this toy for anyone . It was not worth the money I spent on it .
 Bought this toy for a birthday gift . The toy arrived and the doors were already broken off of the trailer . This toy is EXTREMELY cheaply made . My son has another truck similar to this one and it is in about 50 pieces at the bottom of the toy box . A great toy in theory , but a big waste of $ 30 .
 My boys , ages 3 and 7 , were so excited to receive this from Santa . They specifically had this toy on their list this year ! Unfortunately 2 of 3 doors broke off within minutes of opening it . Both boys were extremely disappointed as was I because it was not a particularly inexpensive toy . Not at all durable .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this item . The truck mirror broke off just trying to get it out of the package . Then my husband tried to open the side door of the trailer and it broke . The trailer hooks up very snugly into the back of the pickup , and that has already cracked . We have only had this two days !
 broke within 2 minutes of my son opening it . This is the only thing he asked for Christmas and it was a total bust . Not a durable toy AT ALL .
 I got this because it most closely resembled something my daughter saw in a catalog for Christmas that sold out before I could get it . I paid way too much for what it is , as it is very cheaply made . I wish I had gotten the Melissa and Doug horse trailer . My daughter has played with this very little .
 This toy was disappointing for my daughter . It just was n't what she had hoped for . It was somewhat difficult to use and I often heard her constantly repeating answers trying to get the the right response . I try to be positive , but I ca n't recommend this item to others .
 I did not see any information anywhere that the action figures were sold separate , until the box arrived . The name `` playset '' gives you the impression that the figures are included .
 The top is difficult to close ! My daughter is 2 and can not close the lid . The Jack in the box is overpriced .
 this was a huge waste of money and was not worth it
 Perhaps this toy might indulge a child 's imagination , but it could give the child an inner signal that torching a human being is an okay thing to do . Maybe we should think about how to discourage violence and self-immolation , rather than possibly furthering the ideas that it is culturally acceptable to set oneself on fire , to blow oneself up , or to torch any human being or animal . I did not buy the product , but saw the ad and was appalled .
 My son received this for Christmas . He got frustrated quickly trying to put it together , and it took the adults several hours to assemble , then broke apart the minute we picked it up to move it . After many attempts to put it together and keep it that way , the pieces now sit in a toybox , forgotten . He likes the little turtle characters and the fighting platform , but the lair itself is a waste of time & money .
 The lair is good for people who like blocks . But i got frustrated a little too easily because i tried to study the instructions then when i put the piece i was working on to another part it crumbled to pieces or i tried to stick it together then it would break . so the durability is not good !!!
 This toy is worthless . It is made of cheap , thin plastic that will never last . My 4 and 6 year olds were totally underwhelmed and we took it back . The toy comes in many pieces that you `` snap '' together . Yeah , right . They do n't stay connected at all and the entire thing was always in several pieces . The boys would try to play with it and everything just kept falling apart . The little balcony is a joke , just kept falling down when they placed a turtle figure on it . The `` rip cord '' would n't stay attached to the fence thing , so the turtle figures could n't slide down it . It looks good on tv , but is just horribly fabricated . We have been much happier with the sturdier Rescue Heroes action figurines and accessories .
 I have the same problem as someone else has had . My straps have all ripped and I ca n't find my receipt . The straps were not very sturdy . Do n't buy this if you have young children , find one that has better pad straps .
 We bought this trampoline and safety enclosure for our kids for Christmas , Seven months later there is a rip in the spring covering , the zip has broken and every single one of the ties of the safety enclosure has disintegrated . My children have in no way abused this product so its just made of very poor quality parts . I contacted AirZone who asked me how old it was and then made me send a copy of the invoice and photos of the problem and only after all this said their warranty is two years for the spring and only 90 days for all other parts and offered me a `` one-time '' courtesy 25 % discount off a replacement . Who would want to spend MORE money on such a poor quality product ? Its now an eyesore in our backyard as all the side of the safety enclosure are hanging down.Please do n't waste your money !
 I have been jumping on trampolines since I was a kid . I had one and my neighbors all had them too . I was excited to get this spring trampoline at a good price , but this is the least bouncy spring trampoline I have ever been on . It is put together properly and at first I thought it could be because I am an adult and weight more than I used to , but then I went to my cousins house and jumped on his trampoline and it is super bouncy and like the trampolines I remember . I am getting rid of mine and buying a good one . The Airzone one just is n't that fun .
 We loved this trampoline when we first purchased it . Compared to other models we have had it went together very easily . At 9 months the company had to replace 3 of the top rails due to corrosion and rust that made the tramp unstable and unsafe for my kids to use . Now at 13 months I need the rest of the top rails replaced and the company is giving me a big hassle regarding this . I DO NOT RECOMMEND this trampoline if you expect it to last longer than a year .
 Do not buy this product if you live in an area with wind speeds above 10 mph . I just put this together for my daughter along with the enclosure 3 weeks ago . We had a cold front come in with wind speeds 10-15 mph and it ravaged this thing . Flipped it over , twisted , cracked the frame in multiple spots . The only thing that prevented this from smashing into my home or cars were a few small trees I had in the yard . This is extremely too light to handle any kind of wind . Be sure you cement or stake this item securely or you will just waste your money . I dont know what to do with it now . Its just in pieces in my front yard now .
 Bought the 14 ' AirZone as a Christmas for my daughter . Was quite a hit and saw lots of adult-supervised use . Noticed that the spring cover started breaking down in direct sunlight and that a few straps were tearing the first few weeks , but nothing major . A few months into its use the frame starting torquing and twisting . It eventually failed and collapsed after a year of use . A few of the legs sheared from the upper ring , snapping in various places . No one was hurt but they easily could have been .
 Several other models have the same body look as Affirmed.BarbaroCigarWinsome AdanteSunday SilenceAi n't nothing special about this model , except the color .
 When I bought this toy for my little sister , I was anticipating how happy she would be when she opened the box , but she was n't happy because the toy was broken ! My friend bought the same toy for her little sister and hers was also broken . Coincidence ? I think not . This is a junky toy . You may have the `` pleasure '' of playing with it for five or ten minutes before it is in the garbage ! I found it a waste of my hard-earned money ! I hope no one makes the same mistake I did !
 I just received this product , and it looks great - sturdy and well constructed . I expect it to last many years . I noticed it was shipped directly from < ... > , so I checked it out . This seller bought directly from Costco for $ 49.99 , including shipping . Considering I paid over $ 80 with shipping , I feel I got ripped off ! If you do n't have a Costco membership find someone who does because it 's worth the savings ! < ... >
 This toy is boring , does n't match lego toy so ca n't combine building sets . Truck does not continue to move when pushed . Wheels do not allow corners .
 My child received this for Christmas and was so excited because he loves the Ninja Turtles . When we went to put it together , I found this to be the most frustrating toy ever ! First of all , any toy with 290 very small pieces is really not something that the average 5 year old -LRB- yet alone an average 10 year old -RRB- can handle so this is definitely a toy that an adult needs to put together - if they can ! My husband who can put ANYTHING together washed his hands of the whole project after an hour and a half of unsuccesfully trying to stick the pieces together . The design is bad , the pieces do n't stick together -LRB- maybe they 're too small ??? -RRB- , and the diagram is 28 pages long ! I give this toy 2 thumbs down !
 I got a mr. fantastic for my five year old who doesnt have anywhere near the muscle strength of the kids pulling on this toy in the commercial . Mr. Fantastic 's arms and legs tore opened the second day we had this toy . My son didnt even get to stretch him far at all and his arms and legs tore and the gel leaked out and gets him and everything it touches extremely sticky . The arms and legs didnt tear off but just got cracks that leak continously . Before it ripped I thought this was a great toy because it was fun and it has great resistance to give the hand and arm muscles a good workout . My son loved it and was soo disappointed that Im going back to the store to exchange it for another , if that one stays together then I will assume my first purchase was just defective .
 This toy leaked the first day my son had it . He did not abuse this toy he simply pulled the arms and it leaked and had a hole in the arm .
 Once upon a time Toy Biz -LRB- TB , herein -RRB- revolutionized the toy industry . TB made famous the `` points of articulation '' in figures . TB even found a way to make figures as detailed as McFarlane toys for cheaper.That was then . This is now . Today , not even half a decade later , TB seems to be more caught up in pumping out figures , they are looking more like the lackluster , full of errors , rush out the figures from Hasbro.In 2003/2004 TB made a Stretch N Roar Hulk . That was the perfect sculpt for a stretch figure . You could stretch the figure , and , it looked great , both opened , and sealed . Mr. Fantastic , however , is the embodiment of everything that has gone bad at TB.Mr . Fantastic Stretch figure does stretch . However , it does not return to it 's previous shape . This is particularly annoying if you have a mishape in the body . Getting any indentations caused by handling the figure is rather tedious ; if not even impossible.If one is a collector who removes items from the box , as I am , this figure becomes even more disappointing . Unlike the Hulk stretch figure there is nothing to solidify his legs , so he can stand . He just drops . The best one can do , is sit him down . Therefore , for collector 's to display this item , I recommend keeping him in the box . Or , at least keep him in the inner box , where he will remain standing.The Hulk stretch N Roar figure had sound . Mr. Fantastic 's only sound is the external thump made , when he falls.This is a toy that is better suited for kids than collectors . However , collectors will undoubtedly purchase this anyway , `` to complete the collection '' . TB knows this , therefore , there is no super need to correct their ways . Which is unfortunate.I give this figure an overall score of 45 out of 100 . Collector value
 I got this for my 5 year old son and it got a hole under the arm on the first day . We did not do any of the things the manufacturer said not to do with the toy , i.e. twist it or pull the head . We were pulling on it together just like the boys on the box and at some point it got a small hole , which the manufacturer says is `` no problem '' and to just put a bandage on it . This is a joke , as the hole got bigger and the goo inside continued to leak and get all over the place and a bandage does not solve the problem . Even at half the price this would have been a huge waste of money . I have never been so disappointed with a toy .
 This is a cool set . Loved that it came with so many pieces . However the bridle broke immediately out of the packaging . Five minutes later the blanket straps broke . My 11yr old daughter collects breyers and is not rough with toys . This is a really neat set just wish it could actually be used on a Breyer .
 I ordered this product to use up the remainder of a gift card . It was out of stock and the purchase price was refunded back to the giftcard so to use the last $ 5 of my giftcard , I will have to pay for another shipping cost .
 While my daughter -LRB- almost 5yrs -RRB- loves her new `` baby '' , it is n't worth the price . I can find a doll half that price at Target . The `` crying '' is just a big mess to clean up and as for going `` potty '' , that is not even worth the hassel ! We got my daughter the Baby Born wooden highchair , but the baby sits up in it and she has to be slightly laying down in order to feed her !! Does n't make sense to build a highchair that ca n't be used with the doll ! As for the `` sqeeling with excitment '' it is literall just a squeek !! Like a dog toy would make !! While the doll is adorable and my daughter seems to enjoy playing with her , I would look for something else . The only plus is that it does n't use batteries and it can be taken into the tub .
 My son loved this in the store and I loved buying this for him . Being only four years old it was supposed to be a perfect size.I wanted to take the time to warn parents this toy is designed terribly . The straps are too short and the chest plate has reiforcements that cut into the childs chest area . I also has to cut the neck area larger so it did not choke my son . He is normal sized boy weighing only 42 pounds so keep this in mind . The recommended age on the box is 4 and over .
 the strap-on chest barely fits my 5 year old and when i do put it on him it chokes him . i like the mask though it works just fine and goes great with the feet and the hands . Dont plan on getting any use out of the chest plate , because it is very small , tight fitting , and choking . The over all value is n't worth it , to only get use out of the mask .
 It worked really great for the first few times then when it was time for new batteries it fizzled out after a half hour and had to be dried out to go again . Then it still only worked for a few minutes .
 As expected with any product made in China , quality control is non-existent . First time opening it today and battery compartment was filled with water , battery wires were broken from their contacts , everything corroded beyond repair . O-rings were all intact but the size of the o-rings used were too small for the grooves to create a seal . Do n't waste your money .
 We purchased this toy and thought it was great originally . Swam just like a real little fish and very cute . BUT , the battery compartment does NOT seal and it held water . We dried it completely after ruining the first battery , but it is completely unoperable now ... So , not worth it for a one-time use only . We also purchased the Dory and she broke , also .
 I didnt like this toy at all . The fish cant even swimm right . It flowdes arround like a dead fish . I am glad that I didnt buy the fish , and that it was a gift . The fish itself looks adorable , but it just doesnt do nothing ...
 Display on ceiling and walls did n't work very well . If you do n't have bare walls free from pictures , it does n't work well .
 Unfortunately , this thought to be educational product did n't even last us one Christmas . Unless you have walls that are completely flat and no deco it will not be easy to observe the constellations . Not to mention the room has to be an adequate size . I was really disappointed and thought maybe the toy would have been revised in the last couple of years . I did consider it as an overpriced nightlight and chucked it as a lesson learned .
 Item came in on time , as advertised.You really might want to change the beginning of these Questions -LRB- ? -RRB- These `` Dry Transfers '' are anything but a toy , they take some experience in using .
 I needed these letters for a simple project involving re-naming a few items on a panel . Though I needed the middle range of sizes -LRB- 1/8 '' -3 / 16 '' -RRB- these were very difficult to use . I am a Long time hobbyer and practiced at many crafts ; these letters were frustrating and too closely spaced for a reliable transfer without diturbing other letters . I was working with a magnified head set and an appropriate tool . Just touching the film would release some letters ruining them and further frustrating the transfer . Even after the letters are transfered ; they are extremely fragile and must be sealed with clear or the like because a simple touch will remove a portion without a doubt . Good luck , they are needful but tedious as I have said .
 Ready to use right out of the box , nothing to assemble ! It does take longer to get to a gummy stage than the directions say . At eight minutes , the refrigerated snack is not ready . If you try to take the snack out of the mold too soon to roll it in the sugar , it just wo n't work . Putting it in the freezer seems to work better.You have to get two AAA batteries and use a screwdriver to get Scooby-Doo to give his chatter while waiting for the snack . Scooby serves as a timer for the snacks , so is n't absolutely essential.It 's easy to wash up afterwards , but takes too long to jell to the proper consistency .
 The item looked great , but did not function . Batteries were charged and installed correctly , but product did not work . This product was from Hobbytron . They do not respond to my e-mails or phone calls . I am very disappointed in the customer service .
 The toy listed here as Sand Creatures , is in fact , not what you will receive . You will receive a Sand Art package which is garbage and on the back it will have a white sticker that states `` Sand Creatures '' which it is not . The actual Sand Creature toy actually cost $ 19.99 but you will be unable to order from this company , as they will send this other piece of junk . Emails from both Amazon and myself have gone unanswered . Buyer beware
 His pants do n't fall down.Kind of gives a whole new meaning to the phrase `` 12 inch action figure . `` Also he does n't say `` I feel your pain '' , `` Bridge to the 21st century '' or `` I did not have ... ''
 I bought this to replace something similar I used to have that was damaged after two babies & several moves . This has no bells & whistles , is VERY light , so baby can easily push it out of his line of vision . Not a great toy -- definitely not worth the price .
 The Plastic covering on the mirror was really hard to get off because it was sown into the stitching aruond the mirror . It made me nervous about giving it to an infant as this could be a choking hazard if you missed a piece . Needless to say I returned mine because when I received it the mirror was already scratched and I did not order another one .
 Whatever you do , do n't get this piece of junk . If you never flew before , or are considering this as a gift for someone who is learning to fly rc , find a hobby store with knowledgeable people who can help you get started . It is made from very rigid foam that will break at the slightest impact . The motors are very poor quality . The radio works intermittently . And when it does , control is poor . Trying to fly this piece of junk will just leave you frustrated . And , of course , it is not a B-52 , but a representation of a B-29 .
 This musical toy is not worth it at all . It does n't show up on the wall anything like the box says it will . You must hold it 3 inches from the ceiling to see anything that resembles the characters !!! The music is nice , but the projection really sucks . Called the company to complain and they did nothing about it , said the product was discontinued !!! DON `` T WASTE your MONEY$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
 I bought this when I was 8 months pregnant . My daughters room is done in Winnie the Pooh . It 's nice and all but mine does n't even have a dial thingy to turn the projected images . You have to keep it very close to the wall to even see the images . I 've read other reviews saying that the motor is too loud but I swear mine does n't even have a motor . It 's not really worth it . The mobile we had for her crib was way better than this and I 'm sorry I bought it .
 This is one of the worst products I have ever bought especially for how expensive it is . When it projects the images on the ceiling you ca n't even tell what the images are unless you hold it 3 or 4 inches from the ceiling . I just recently seen it for less than 12.00 another store but it 's not even worth that ! I thought maybe I got a defective product until I read several reviews from other sites about this product ! Why would they sell anything that works this badly ?
 Not at all what I expected . The supplies are okay except the plastic scissors . I was expecting a nice case though , but on the inside it 's just really thin plastic that will wear and tear very fast . Also , every time you open the case , you then have to open up the thin plastic to get to the supplies .
 I purchased this kit because Alex usually makes good quality toys , but I was totatlly disappointed with this product . The glue was dry and the plastic scissors did n't even work . The cheap plastic interior , holding in all the arts supplies , will break in a matter of days . Alex should issue a refund , in full , to all those who purchased this product . DO NOT purchase !!!
 We got two sets of these for our kids for Christmas , knowing that the Alex brand has a great reputation - I was really disappointed to find that the oil pastels are actually just plain old wax crayons and they do n't actually color very well - the colors are weak and insipid.Not what I would expect from Alex !
 I got this art kit for my 6 year old daughter Audree , and when we opened it , it was a mess . The handle was broken , there was a huge rip in the weak , and very thin plastic case , and the crayons really did n't have any color . The markers ran out really fast and the pencils were short and not very decent to use . We did n't like the oil pastels because they were very poor and weak.We do not recommend this item , especially with this expensive price range
 Everything in the case was cheap , including the case . The case lasted a week . The art supplies , maybe a month . Would not recommend to anyone . It pays to buy Crayola .
 He is a guard that keeps Jabba the Hutt safe . These could only be found in Star wars episode six -LRB- the last saga . -RRB- These guards are very deadly !!! But the toy is still very fun .
 My daughter received these for Halloween with pink ranger costume . Unfortunately they do not have a strap at the top to keep them from falling down and obviously they are not skin tight . Basically useless to walk around in . They are not boots but coverings over shoes that do not have any way of standing up like shown in the picture . Bummer . .
 Compared to other entry level lionel sets , this is not a good buy -- and that is too bad since Thomas is so popular . Face plate was busted and had to order another from Lionel . Shipped with two of the same passenger cars , so had to send back a car before they would send another . The couplers are flimsy and the cars seperate often . My kido has more fun with real cheap plastic Lionel passenger cars which come with internal lights and passenger profiles in the windows . No bell on the engine , not even a light ! ... . Not sure why Lionel does n't up the quality to their normal starter set level , I would certainly pay the extra cost . Lionel cut too many corners on this one .
 This was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my son , but I am afraid it did not make the cut . Here is why : The good : - Excellent quality figures , especially Sir Topham Hat - Good quality FasTrack tracks and very good layout included - Excellent look/feel of Annie and Clarabel - they seem like they would last forever , plus they have removal tops so that kids can put thinks insideThe not so good : - Thomas felt `` dinky '' to say the least . We are used to reliable and strong Lionel engines , but this one was flimsy , and seemed very top heavy . The sounds out of Thomas were not at all what you might expect -LRB- i.e. similar whistle as from the show -RRB- and the connectors used between Thomas and the cars did not seem compatible with other Lionel sets , although I did not try that - The transformer that comes along is of the low wattage variety , so if you expect to use it with other Lionel engines , keep in mind that only those with very low power requirements will work - The moving eyes were not what I expected . Thomas looks strange going around in a plasticky-sounding engine with his eyes clickety-clackSo , back it goes , and the Lionel Polar Express one comes back -LRB- much , much better indeed -RRB- .
 Box Says there is a Bell Lionel says its a misprint ! Other than that it works perfect , Thomas is made pretty good , love the fast track !
 All I heard over the last two months from my son is how much he wanted this train setSo I ordered it because this is his gift Santa is bringing for himThen Christmas morning , he was so excited to get the toy soon to find out the coupling does n't workThe cheaper sets work so much better.My bother grew up on Lionel trains so this was very disappointingWould not recommendMade in China here is not very good
 Grandpa brought one for our now two-year old son , and he loves it ! It has been washed over and over during the two years and has been holding up pretty good including the ribbon.Then we had our next son and grandpa brought a new one for him . After three weeks the ribbon came off and we found it in the crib lying next to the bear . We were just happy our son had n't put it in his mouth and choked on it.I went to Toys ` R ' Us to have the bear replaced but they had nothing but patronizing comments on how the Velveteen Rabbit also had become worn over time and would n't honor their 90 day exchange policy without a receipt , even though the bear was only weeks old and is clearly labeled Toys ` R ' Us.If Toys ` R ' Us ca n't guarantee their hazardous Chinese imports , they should n't sell them in the first place .
 Do n't waste your time they are so cheap and barely work . As a former raver , I thought my kid would think they were super cool , , Wrong !
 I ordered a pack of these as stocking stuffers the lights themselves were fine . Unfortunately the item arrived with the package open and the one colour -LRB- green -RRB- that I really needed was missing .
 The price is great and they were fun but they fell apart too quickly . We had a different brand before and they were more durable . I did not feel like I got my money 's worth .
 there fun to play with but there cheap and the lights dont work after an hours worth of use and they cut off your circulation
 While the beams were as advertised , small enough to fit small fingers , the cost of the batteries was outrageous ! The shipper sent them right away but I woud n't recommend this product .
 The fault with this product must be with the manufacturer and not with the seller , because the quality of the `` barbed wire '' is just awful . It 's plastic , so the tiny , feather-like `` barbs '' are so feeble that there are sections that have no barbs at all , it was just a big disappointment and a waste of time and money . I 'm not sure that it 's possible to get realistic plastic barbed wire at all , after seeing this attempt at it .
 Looks nice ... but poorly manufactured . One of the trees was damaged when it arrived . The final section of leaves does n't fit because the stem on which the leaves are anchored is n't long enough .
 The pieces do n't hold together good and the window hatch does n't even connect to the rest of the model . My 9 year old son was extremely disappointed in the quality .
 Good eyes are required to enjoy this item . Did thorough research prior to purchase , hoping to find a user friendly screen . This product clearly looked most promising , at least as described and in pictures online . In reality , the screen is too dark for comfortable , other than brief play . Would definitely not recommend for seniors and is questionable for those interested in a portable device .
 Do not waste your time . This thing plays like someone with a bad lobotomy . Its bidding is bizarre . Definitely not SAYC . It will rebid , not just once but twice , four card suits . It jump shifts with an invitational hand . It routinely bypasses cold 3NT contracts to play in 5 of a minor and go down . It doubles cold contracts because it can not conceive of the declarer having shortness . I still have n't figured out what all its responses to 1NT mean . 2D and 2H seem to be some sort of optional transfer that only promise a 4 card suit and can be declined by bidding 2NT if you do n't have a fit . It does n't have any very strong opening big except 2NT . I wo n't pre-empt beyond weak 2 bids . 2S could be 6 cards , or it could be 9 , who knows ? It has not idea of how to balance or reopen this bidding . Its card play is simplistic . It does n't know how to duck under any circumstances . Not to create create an entry nor to unblock a suit nor to cut communication between the opponents hands . In second seat it always , always covers the card played first to the trick . If you lead the T toward the AKJ and you do n't see the Q , you might as well cover . It does n't know how to bid , play or defend NT contracts . If you run a long suit it discards winners instead of losers . It cheats . It never takes a losing finesse and will take finesses no sane player would ever attempt , because it knows where the high cards are.Despite all this , I do use the thing a lot . And it does know a few conventional calls like Blackwood and negative doubles . If it needs to take tricks quickly on defense , it excels at finding and getting a ruff -LRB- because it `` knows '' the dsitribution -RRB- . But it is simply fascinating how badly it can play . My main mode of play is to see how quickly I can rack up 100 IMPs against it in duplicate mode . And I am not a strong player . Whoever programmed this thing either does n't play bridge very well or was really limited by time , hardware , or something.BTW , I also second what other people said about being hard to tell which suit is which on the display .
 I recently purchased this Bridge Game , thinking it would be easier to handle than the Saitek , because of the size ... well , the size is fine , the product stinks ... It worked for a day or so , so stupid me . . I threw away the packaging ... no returns now ... This game worked fine for a day or so and then would start turning off way before the four minutes it said it would -LRB- four minutes with lack of use -RRB- , it turned off constantly right in the middle of a move ... then some of the `` extras '' stopped working all together ... I saw the other review , maybe I have a lemon , but since I threw away the packaging , I am stuck . It is going into the garbage , and I am going back to the Saitek . The place I bought this from will take returns for up to 30 days ... with packaging which I can understand , not the stores fault the product is bad , but if you purchase this , SAVE ALL THE PACKAGING IT CAME IN !!!
 Excalibur LCD Deluxe BridgeThis product is useless , a complete waste !! The printed numbers are so small and the print so poor as to be indecipherable . With great concentration , I can tell one suit from another , but it makes the going slow . It bears little resemblance to actually playing bridge . I do play bridge online , and thought this might be a good substitute , but it 's no fun and too hard to read . I wish I could get my money back .
 the shape of this item is not as I expected and I 'm not 100 % percent happy with this purchase . I expected something of a better quality .
 The picture was nice but the pieces were terrible to work with . I will not buy another Ravensburger puzzel .
 I was disappoointed when I receive this plane . Very poor quality , badly glue . It looks very cheap . I do not recommand this product , too expensive for the poor quality .
 While this is certainly a better way to kill a few hours than watching TV , the topic does n't make a very good board game.One begins playing by putting cardboard chits -LRB- which represent the crew -RRB- in their assigned positions on a layout of the B-17 . No decisions to make there . Next - determine the target to attack . This is determined by rolling the dice and looking on the target chart . No decisions to make there . You now move your B-17 marker one zone from the starting base . Do you decide how much fuel to take ? No . What altitude to fly at ? No . What route to take ? No . How to assign fighter escort ? No.Anyway , for each zone entered the player rolls more dice and looks at more charts to determine fighter escort cover , enemy fighters , flak , etc.You would think there 'd be some excitement during an enemy fighter attack , but here 's how it goes : A -RRB- Roll for how many fighters are attacking and from which direction they are attacking.B -RRB- Decide which guns will fire on the attacking fighters . -LRB- A decision to be made ! -RRB- C -RRB- Roll dice to see if it hits.D -RRB- Roll to see if the fighter hits you.E -RRB- If it does , roll to see what damage occurred.Roll , roll , roll your dice and rarely make a decision is the theme here . While it may be realistic to have such little control over things , it makes for a dull game . Computers are much more useful for determining random results . But if this were ever ported to the computer it would be even more boring because you would only sit there and watch your B-17 plod along its pre-determined path to its pre-determined target and observe as the computer inflicts damage to your plane . The only user input would be `` which gun position would you like to fire at attacking plane number one ? `` There are many good WWII strategic bombing games out there - both board and computer . The key word is `` strategic '' . Tactical level air board games are hard to find because of the fast , dynamic , 3D nature of air combat . While more difficult , games such as Clash of Arms ' Achtung Spitfire are much better at portraying air combat at the tactical level while giving the player actual decisions to make -LRB- what altitude do I fly , what target to I engage , etc -RRB- . Having said all that , this does give the player a good idea of what B-17 crews had to go through to survive their 25 missions and that does give this game some value . But once you 've played it several times , it will probably end up gathering dust on your shelf .
 `` B-17 '' is AH 's solitaire sim of a single B-17 going 25 missions in 1943-the time of deep penetration unescorted air raids into Occupied Europe . At this time , typical aircraft and aircrew losses were approaching 15 % at times , making one 's chances of surviving until that 25th mission slim indeed . The game does a competent job of demonstrating this and other realities of bomber operations . It 's this demonstration that in my mind ultimately dooms the game to remain on the shelf after a couple plays
 My 11th month old has no interest in this toy at all . The plunger part is too hard to press down and she ca n't do it on her own .
 I received this toy as a gift for my 1-year old son . It was one of the most frustrating toys he 's had . The handle requires too much strenght to press down , so he was not able to operate it alone . He could press it down only when standing up -LRB- using his body weight -RRB- , but the size of the spinner made it very inconvinient to play this way
 My 10-month-old always wants to play with this toy as soon as I pull it out of the toybox , but she has a hard time actually getting it to do anything that interests her . She 's figured out that you have to depress the plunger to get the little balls to roll , but the plunger is too stiff for her so they barely move . It 's almost as good to just shake it and make the balls roll that way . But we have better rattling toys , so she usually lets this one roll away and plays with something else . Like another reviewer , I love that it 's a self-contained toy . Unfortunately , it 's also loud and bulky , so even though I had hoped it would be a good toy to take on outings , it 's just not practical . I still have hope that she might enjoy it more in a few months . If not , it 's going on the donation pile .
 Game seems like a good idea , but the manufacturer did n't pull it off . Shoot down enemy planes within 30-sec of play and then fly around forever trying to find where to land . Poor instructions .
 I was really happy when I finally found them . We bought the Chicco flip 'n' play earlier , which comes with 14 great Chicco blocks , all in different shapes and my 9 months old loved to play with them - and we built all kind of things together . I wanted to enlarge our options and ordered -LRB- waited forever , which is not part of my product review ! but anyway -RRB- these blocks , assuming that they have at least some different sizes , allowing more creativity , but these 36 pieces only come in 3 shapes - 2x2 blocks , 3 pieces 2x6 bridge shape and about 4 pieces 2x2 with an angle on top -LRB- for roofs -RRB- . So I am a little disappointed.On the bag are printed some different shapes . But unfortunately , they are not in there and I could n't find some extension sets with other sizes .
 My wife and I bought this for our young boy after a visit to the children 's hospital ; they had it in the X-ray room to mesmerize kids who needed to sit still while they were being photographed . At the time , we thought , `` Neat . '' When we got ours from amazon marketplace , within a day or two it broke on us . Very flimsy toy . When it broke , it would work , but it just would n't turn off -LRB- annoying -RRB- ; I also got the feeling that if any human being looks at the flashy lights for too long it ca n't be good for you . Headaches , nausea , etc. . Probably should have not bought it and looked it for the next time we ended up in the X-ray room ...
 I bought this because my little one 's head was not supported by the head rest that came with her carrier . This head rest was not much support either . My biggest complaint was that it did n't come with any instructions . There are velcro tabs on it but what are they for ? My babies head was not supported . I ended up exchanging it for a snuzzler and love it .
 We registered for the headrest because I thought it may be useful to use in the bouncy seat while my son was just a newborn ... but after we tried it about 10 times ... we decided to just use blankets !!! It 's just to flimsy !!! It may work okay in a carseat where there are walls to stop it from folding over , but it does n't work if there is n't anything supporting the head rest ! I would not recommend it for use other than a car seat .
 I 'll be the first to admitt that I 'm not a big word game person . However , I have friends that love the word games , so I make comprimises . I found this game was slow and boring.The game gives you a set of letters and the object is to shout out a word that starts and ends with the letters given for each round . I only played this game with 1 other person , and it may be more fun if you have a larger group . However , we were stumped on a lot of combinations and/or took quite a bit of time to anwser . This made the game very slow and not a barrel of laughs . I like to be entertained when playing a game , and especially a party game , and this to me was simply boring.Final Verdict
 My 8yo and 10yo daughters and I love playing word games -LRB- Bananagrams , Quiddler -RRB- , and since we also own Zingo -LRB- also by ThinkFun -RRB- , we were very excited to try this game.We have the `` new and improved '' version of the game which has attempted to take some of the difficulty out of the game by allowing words of any length and allowing the letters to appear anywhere in the word -- not just at the beginning and end -LRB- bookend words -RRB- . One person rolls a die to determine the category that the word must belong to -LRB- verb , adjective , famous person , natural object , man-made object , or `` free '' word -RRB- . The first person to call out a legitimate word matching the tiles and category wins the first tile . Then you have 60 seconds for all players to come up with similar words ; the best word wins the second tile.The problem is that a bookend word will always win , and only a longer bookend word will beat that one . So , it really does n't matter how many words you come up with or call out -- if someone already called out a bookend word , that 's it . So , you sit there and wait for the 60-second timer to run out so you can start the next round . It ends up being frustrating and boring . And it 's a lot harder to come up with words within a category matching those letters than you would ever think it is !! It 's not bad for expanding vocabulary , but Scattergories would accomplish the same thing and be more fun . In fact , I 've decided next time we play to modify the rules to be more like Scattergories to see if we can make it a more fun experience . One drawback to Scattergories is the need to write down the words , but if you 're playing with children who ca n't write words yet , then likely their vocabulary is n't expansive enough to enjoy this game anyway .
 this toy is the most pathetic and flimsy thing I have ever seen . do not let this toys picture fool you . it may look durable but after getting it , it is so boring.it is to hard to get it to stand up.the charictars ca n't make a shot because they throw too far . the pieces are so small . the instructions are vage . so do n't wast your five bucks on this toy that utterly stinks .
 GREAT ADDITION TO YARD FOR COLORING THINGS UP . IF WIND IS OVER 30 MPH , TAKE THEM IN OR GO LOOKING FOR THEM LATER . I BOUGHT 10 OF THEM AND THEY ALL CAME IN A SEPERATE BOX SO POSTAGE COST MORE THAN WIND WHEELS . THEY WOULD N'T COMBINE SHIPMENT AND 30 OF THEM WOULD OF FIT IN ONE BOX . THE WHEELS ON SOME ARE WOOBBELY AND YOU NEED TO PUT THE SMALL WHEEL IN THE BETWEEN THE 2 LARGER ONES SO THEY DO N'T HIT TOGETHER .
 Was very disappointed and ca n't return because package was opened . Screen is too small , it has no light to see screen and when you push the roll dice button , you ca n't see where or what the numbers you rolled are ,
 Can not see the screen at all , Its so tiny , not like the picture . The instructions are a waste as well . You couldnt GIVE me this game .
 The product info lies . There is really only one level , and that is very basic . If you are an experienced player , you will bore of this game in 10 minutes . Save your money !
 This product really sucks ... the LCD window is way too small to really see and play the game . And the instructions are horrible ... must be translated in China ... misspelled words , words left out , no diagram to explain which buttons to use to proceed throught the game ... will be sending it back soon . Can not recommend this item at all !
 It was just a short stupid string . My 17 month old grandson put the phone part to his ear and because the attached string is so short , the base slammed him in the chest .
 All the electrodes look the same . The `` battery '' did n't work . The wires break . Shipment is extremely expensive . I am very disappointed .
 My son picked this out because making chocolates sounded fun to him . It was n't too hard to operate and it worked fairly well but when we tried to use it the next night it would n't work anymore . We put new batteries in it and it would n't even warm up .
 Upon turning on the machine , it must warm up for 8 minutes . No problem . Only 35 chips can go in at a time . That means the chips must be counted -LRB- time consuming -RRB- and then you have to try to get them into the little tiny hopper -LRB- not an easy task , it should have been funnel shaped , also time consuming -RRB- . Then you must wait 3 minutes while the next 35 chips warm up . Try holding a child 's attention through this.As if that is not bad enough , by the time you get to the second tray , the batteries are already dying and it takes 3.5 minutes to warm up . The third and final trays took 4 minutes . Well , I 'm not exactly sure how much 4 D-cell batteries cost , but I can guarantee you that I 'll not be putting any more in that machine . Why would n't they have just made it electric ? It 's not as though a child can use it without supervision anyway.Very disappointing . We 'll go back to melting on the stove.Oh , and I 'm only guessing on the durability rating . I really do n't know and have no intention of finding out how many uses one can get out of this product .
 My 6 year old daughter was so excited to receive this as a gift and could n't wait to get started . However , we never got the machine to work . We put the whole thing together and it would not heat up so you ca n't melt the chocolate . We took it apart and checked the directions - still did n't work.I guess this worked to my advantage as I would have had to take it apart to clean it each time it was used which would have involved a screwdriver.This item is not child friendly and is of very poor quality .
 This toy is unsanitarythe little tube where the chips gocannot be cleaned properlythe item can not be submerged in waterso one use and its the garbage for it !!! lets face itall you have to do is get a bowl melt chocolateand place in candy traysthis toy is unnecesary
 Used @ Christmas when we got it - stored it after cleaning - have tried to use a couple of times since then ... just wo n't work
 We 've been very disappointed w / this toy . My daughter received it as a gift and it only worked 1 time . She then received a 2nd one which quit working before it was even warmed up . So now she has some rather expensive and tiny chocolate molds .
 My daughters had this toy ; it has since been pitched . It was frustrating for them to operate . We found that if I melt chocolate chips in the microwave and still use the molds from the toy , it works out much better for us . I wish Mattel would bring back the Sweet Toot tootsie roll roll maker from the 60 's . No batteries were involved or heating elements . Cute little tootsie roll molded candy was made by `` kid power '' . I would skip the Hershey 's maker and wait for something better .
 This is a good idea , but the product is n't that great . I really thought that it did n't warm up enough to really melt the chocolate . It kind of just makes the chocolate squishy , so you kind of have to push it into the molds -LRB- almost toothpaste consistency -RRB- . The cleaning is a PAIN , and it got REALLY hot , even when I did n't use it for very long . I would n't recommend it unless you were only going to use it once , and even then I do n't think it 's worth the money . Kind of a disappointment overall .
 this toy is modertly fun !!!! I got it for christmas last year and the only thing that worked were the rubber molds . the consept of the toy is good , and it may have worked for other people , so mabe i did something wrong . but i had fun putting pre melted chochlate in the molds was very fun !
 I purchased this toy for Christmas for a grandchild . . When I received it , I opened it to see what it contained because it was so light.Well it only had a plastic spin machine , paint and some small white paper.I returned it to Amazon , no trouble with that.I then purchased anothr one at Hobby Lobby , much cheaper and it had cards , paints , machine , envelopes , extra paper of two different colors.So I do not recommend this toy at all.Thanks
 I bought it for my 2-yr . old granddaughter , but the player skips when she tries to carry it around . It is n't practical and not a `` travel cassette player '' , as advertised .
 The cassette player is fun -- all of our little guests want to play with it when they come over . However , the headphones are too big for a two or three year olds head and always fall off . We 've been as careful as we can with a toddler , but our tape player likes to eat tapes now and sometimes the sound quality is funny .
 This product is horrible !!!!! I had to send the first one back because it broke the second day that my child had it . It took several weeks for us to get the new one and when it finally did come it broke after three days of use .
 My little girl loves music and has her own cd collection so I thought Id get this so she could listen to them over and over in her room ;-RRB- This cd player just frustrated her . It does n't work well , the buttons do n't always work and even when you could get the cds to play , the volume doesnt go up over a whisper .
 My 2 year old daughter received this product as a birthday gift on Saturday and during the party while she was playing with the mickey , he just quit working . We changed the batteries , and put him up for the rest of the party . After everyone went home , we let her play with it again . He worked for about five minutes and then quit working again . After we changed the batteries again , and he still was n't working , we let him sit for the last few days . Now it is Monday night , and he still does n't work . The batteries are from a brand new package , so I know it is not the batteries . We are very dissapointed with this product . Then when I tried to call the number they give in the instruction booklet , it redirects me to a long distance directory assistance number and tells me it will cost $ 5.50 or something to make the call . Forget it ! I am taking it back and getting something else for her . Too bad . I was very excited about all the features . It seemed like a great concept . It must have been overheating with just 15 minutes of use . The battery case did seem warm when we changed the batteries . We were n't sure if it was from her holding him so close or if he was overworked . Bummer ! You 'd think they would anticipate a child wanting to play with the toy for longer than 15 minutes .
 I had the same problem as the previous reviewer ! I thought it was my imagination , but after the toy stopped working -LRB- a month after Santa got it for us at Walmart -RRB- and I went to change the batteries , the plastic battery cover as well as the spent batteries were very warm . When the new batteries did n't work , I got nervous and removed them and put the toy up on a shelf . I found this review because I was searching the Internet for contact information for the manufacturer , but after reading the other review , I have little hope of resolving the issue . What a shame , because it was a great interactive toy while it lasted ... just not worth worrying that it will self-combust and burn my house down while I sleep !
 Very scary product . I bought two of these for Christmas . One was for my son and the other for my neice . Like previous reviewers , the toy stopped working after a day . I changed the batteries -LRB- the old ones were a bit warm when I took them out -RRB- . It worked for about 5 minutes with the new batteries , but then went dead . I checked to see if something had come loose and found the batteries to be quite hot . My husband said that with that type of heat the batteries could potentially leak ... I bought them from Disney so I will be calling them on Monday , making a formal complaint and sending them back . They should not be selling this toy ...
 I did n't have the same trouble at the other reviewers . It works ... if by `` work '' you mean the keyboard plays music and Mickey sings . They do that ... but they do not communicate with one another and never have . This was also a Santa gift . Santa did n't do so hot with this one .
 I purchased this shape sorter for my son when he was 1 year old . In the package it looks very cute . Out of the package , the pieces are much less sturdy looking -LRB- all of the animal and letter pieces are hollow and bottomless which I was n't expecting -RRB- . The sorter is also a lot harder to complete than I anticipated . My son is able to do this now at 15 months , but with some difficulty . The pieces themselves are very colorful and my son just liked to drag them around the house . As a previous reviewer mentioned , you can not open the barn door if the animals are in their slots in front . Most of the time the animals are everywhere else but in their slots for this reason - my son is more interested in putting the letters through the roof and taking them out through the door.I do n't like this sorter as much as the traditional fisher-price that he also has - the plastic these pieces are made of is more apt to crack or shatter and has no give so if your child is a big chewer be very careful . My son loves this toy so it does have kid-appeal value , but I was disappointed in the quality for the $ 10 I spent on it .
 To get to the letters after you place them in the barn you must remove all the animals to open the barn door . My son gets frustrated with having to remove them . The letters seam really cheap on the toy . They are super light weight but also had bits of plastic sticking up . The toy just does n't hold his interest . He has several other shape sorters that he loves . This one just is n't a hit . He likes animals and barns but this toy just does n't hold the ` it ' factor for him .
 This toy has several faults ... The door wo n't open to get the letters out when the animals shapes are in their proper places . The overly textured surface holds dirt . The letters do n't fit in all of the spaces without forcing them . This toy was the company 's replacement for the castle sorter which was a wonderful toy ... sad .
 It has several design flaws . I would not buy this one again . Looks nicer than it is .
 I hate this toy . My daughter received it as a gift when she was 1 , and she and my nephew would constantly fight to play with it . But they could n't use the ABC shape sorter by themselves ... they always needed help . So if I did n't always have time to sit and play with them for 20 mins it was a complete disaster . But again , the kids did love it , and now we 've had it for about 2 years . My daughter still plays with it , and now she helps my 1yr old son use they toy . But I almost tossed this toy out on more than one occasion .
 Very cute , but the colors of the letters do n't match the color of the slots they go in . Seems like they should like the animals do . Also the door is very hard to open and our son dropped it and it popped off , now it 's almost impossible to get back on . Look for a different shape sorter I suggest ...
 My son -LRB- 10 months old -RRB- loves this toy , but it has n't held up well at all . The door broke off on the 6th day he had it . He loves playing with the door even though it 's broken off , he puts it in the hole left by the door.I also wish the top hinged open so you could put the pieces away quickly , but it does n't . My son is n't old enough to use the shape sorting aspect yet , I mainly bought this for the farm novelty and so he could put pieces in and take them out . Which he does do , but he turns the whole thing on its side so he can put pieces in and out via the door hole . I think he would like it even more if he could sit in front of it and open the top to put pieces in.Mine also does n't have the upright handle as shown in the photo . Mine has a cutout in the back of the top , like a notch cut into the plastic where you 're supposed to insert your fingers . The upright handle would have been much better.Overall , I am not happy with this product .
 I was comparing toy foods . I saw that the shipping info for this toy said it had a shipping weight of 8lbs . I assumed that it would mean that the pieces were heavier and a more solid construction . Little did I know , that you 're paying a lot more for the same old plastic food pieces that you see everywhere . I am very disappointed since I paid 29.99 for cheap plastic pieces .
 I was very dissapointed in this food . I spent alot of time searching for food that was `` big '' so my grandaughter would not choke on it but still could have fun playing with it . When I got it , I was very unhappy with how many small pieces there were . In the picture the food looks large . I had to take most of it away from her until she is older . She tried eating all of it and alot of it fit right in her mouth and she could have easily choked on it . For the price I could have gone to Toys R Us and got the same food and alot cheaper .
 We felt we were misrepresented by the ad . This is suppose to be a deluxe pretend play food set and yet it cost over $ 10.00 more than a similar set that offers 101 pieces sold by Step2 . Where also is the gift box it is suppose to be in ? Our grandaughter was excited about us ordering the food and was disappointed when she saw it .
 This toy is absolutely frustrating for adults and children . After very tedious , ridiculous assembly , it absolutely falls apart anyway once it is touched . Unfortunately , I thought these were cute in the package and I got three different kinds of these keyheads . It made for an absolutely disastrous Christmas ! I was especially disappointed since I usually like Little Tykes toys . They surely could n't have tested this toy on any children , much less 3 year olds !
 This toy is terrible!Frustrating to put together and to play with . It slides fall off when you put a car on them , the elevator is so flimsy and cheaply made that it does n't slide up and down well and the launcher thing would n't stay on for even one use.This toy is going in the trash !
 This toy is flimsy and poorly made . If I could give 0 stars I would ! I would not take another one if it were given to me for free . My 3.5 yr old son was immensely disappointed with it because the shorter slide NEVER stayed on . If you touch this toy , the shorter slide falls off . Each time my son tried to roll the car down the slide , the slide fell off . The elevator is almost impossible to move as well . Very quickly he vacated this toy to find one that he could actually play with . It went back in the box 5 minutes after I finally assembled it . And speaking of assembling it , the directions are non-worded and confusing , making putting it together a frustrating chore . I purchased it online from Little Tikes and have asked for a refund . I will go to a store where I can actually see what I am buying before purchasing another LT toy . Stick with the Fisher Price garage .
 The software is so very 1980 's that it 's laughable -LRB- until the screaming starts -RRB- when you realize as the unit barks commands at you that you can not mute it
 I was so disappointed in this `` laptop '' as was my 5 year old daughter on Christmas morning after she opened it . It is hardly anything close to a laptop , except that it is in the housingo f a mock laptop . The screen is so small you can hardly view it , it is not lit up so you have to be in bright light to even view the elements on the screen , lousy sound , confusing games . Overall just very antiquated , its like going back to the old apple computers of the 80s . She has played with it maybe a total of 10 minutes since december . I would send it back but the shipping is not even worth it .
 We sat down to write a disappointing review about this product ... but we did n't have to . Jared Binder 's review already had everything we would have written . Yes , it was cheap ... but a lot of computer items are very affordable now . When we turned on the computer , this tiny little display came up in the middle of the `` screen '' displaying software that we thought no longer existed . For an intelligent 4 year old , your money would be better spent on low end desktop computer .
 Small screen , cheap graphics and when you have a problem to solve calling tech support what you get is a poorly trained staff from Philippines that will not help . In other words CRAP not worth the money .
 Nice color and design but the screen is a horrible idea . the screen is so dark and very difficult to view even when under a very bright light . my spouse threw out the box too quickly otherwise I would have returned this item ASAP . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND UNLESS YOU WOULD NOT MIND BUYING EYE GLASSES FOR YOUR CHILD IN THE FUTURE .
 I bought this laptop for my 41/2 - year-old based on Amazon reviews by other parents with children this age saying it was great . It certainly has its moments , but I would add the caveat , so long as you are sitting at your child 's elbow . It 's hard to imagine a child playing with it independently , while still young enough for it to be called `` educational '' . Simple touches , like arranging the activities so that the easiest ones appear first , would have helped a lot . But they appear to be in semi-random order , and I am left wandering through a cumbersome interface searching for things that it 's possible for her to play . If you have a child who will let you hang over their shoulder -LRB- which my daughter , strong-willed and independent , does n't always tolerate -RRB- , and are willing to burn about half of their playtime dealing with poor design instead of playing , then there 's some educational benefit to be gleaned in the end .
 I am not impressed with this tea set at all . The lid to the sugar pot does n't fit well and if tilted a bit , will fall into the pot . The colors are dingy looking . Not great quality .
 Sweet baby Jesus , this toy SUCKS . Get ready for an hour of tedious assembly , followed by about 45 seconds of confused play , and then the ramp will just fall off . I should have been put off by the whole idiotic concept of `` Keyhead City '' -- because what child does n't want to play with severed fireman heads ? They are n't even really keys that you can turn ... they just sort of rest loosely in their slots ... until you press them , which activates the ear-splitting siren ... which you can use to clear traffic on the way to the Emergency Room , after you put your eye out with the sharp , pointy `` water bomb '' projectiles . And it 's so poorly designed ! Where are you supposed to sit exactly when you 're using the elevator or the catapult ? It makes you feel like a left-handed person using right handed scissors . Thank you , Little Tykes , for ruining Christmas .
 While my grandson took a nap I thought I would put it together . After looking at the picture for 10 minutes and trying to read the diagram I decided to take a nap as well . While I was gone my husband made his attempt . There are ton of screws for assembly none of which keep this piece of junk from falling over.The only thing my grandson liked was the ramp which falls off if you look at it sideways . We kept the fire engine and everything else went into the trash this afternoon . I doubt he will miss it . I was a keyhead for buying it .
 We bought this toy for our son who will be three in January . We also got the construction set . This has got to be the cheapest toy I have ever purchased . Dollar store toys have better toys then this . It is so flimsy ! My son tries to roll the fire engine down the ramp and it breaks and falls over . I want to take this toy back , but SANTA already threw the boxes out . It took my husband and his brother forever to put this together . The thing falls a part all the time . I can not believe little tikes would sell something so poorly made . Save your money and Do not buy this .
 Do n't waste your money . The thing falls all the time and the ramp and other pieces fall apart too . Bad bad design .
 It 's poor quality , falls apart , and if you lose the little key , it 's even less of a good toy ! It conatntly falls apart and frustrates young children .
 I purchased two of these from Toys R Us/Amazon . There was , as usual , little usefull or accurate info on the page.The name `` Electronic Launcher `` led me to believe that these would launch the Beyblade tops electronically , making them spin faster.NOT TRUE.Actually , having read a couple of reviews I still thought that was the case.I can only assume the reviews were done by people that didnt actually own them.I paid -LSB- item price -RSB- for the `` Launcher '' . There is a similar spring loaded launcher for around $ 12 that would be a wiser purchase.The extra money you pay is for a very lame video game that is in the launcher body.There is a one inch LCD screen that lets you play a virtual game.The problem is the virtual game is pretty low on the techno spectrum.The positive thing about this launcher is it gives you a handle to hold on to when you pull the rip cord -LRB- which is included -RRB- The graphics on this game are similar to a black and white version of Pac Man.It is a good launcher for the Beyblade tops , but you can get the same launcher set up on the much less expensive launcher I mentioned earlier.THIS UNIT DOES NOT LAUNCH BEYBLADE TOPS ELECTRONICALLY.YOU STILL USE THE RIP CORD TO LAUNCH YOUR TOPS.The chance of `` wearing a hole in your Beyblade stadium '' is ridiculus.THIS UNIT FUNCTIONS THE SAME WAY THE LAUNCHER THAT COMES WITH YOUR TOPS DOEs.IT JUST GIVES YOU A BETTER GRIP .
 This is an expensive , but very good glow driver . The problem is that the batteries last 1-2 years and replacement batteries are never in stock from Radio South . Unless you want to a standard 1600 mAh NiMH battery -LRB- which is way too big and you have to tape it to the side of the glow driver -RRB- , you 've got nothing but an expensive paperweight !
 I bought this item for my son 's 3rd birthday . He absolutely loved it and it really does do a lot of things , HOWEVER , it completely fell apart in one day . Captain Hook 's head came right off and when I tried to fix it , it broke into about 7 pieces . The masts refuse to stay on and the doors wo n't stay closed . The box says it floats but it sinks in the tub . It 's a shame because it was very cute and a great idea but it should have been better quality . I would buy it again if they would improve the design and materials .
 My daughter received this pillow as a gift for her birthday . She loves that it looks like the candy but that is the extent of the `` fun . '' The pillow absolutely reeks of chemical fumes ! I immediately washed it in the washing machine with hot water , lots of detergent and a good deal of vinegar trying to break the smell . I continued washing it ... more than a dozen times ! I 've also left it outside several bright sunny days hoping the sunshine would `` bake '' the smell out of it . Finally , I have left it in the garage several nights hoping it would `` off-gas . '' However , after all this effort , it still smells like turpentine or heavy paint fumes ... not something I want to smell or want my daughter sleeping against.This product clearly poses a significant health risk and needs to be recalled . I ca n't identify what the source of the smell is but no child 's toy or pillow should smell like this . I 've made three attempts to contact amazon but the best response I received was `` You are welcome to dispose of it , donate it or pass it on , whichever is most convenient for you . '' A very disappointing response from Amazon . I will be contacting the Consumer Product Safety Commission about this product . Please do n't buy it for your child or anyone else . It is clearly not safe .
 If I could give it zero stars I would . This hardly passes for a pillow . Terrible quality and hardly any stuffing at all . This one is definetely going back .
 I purchase 4 different fighter plane from this company for my -LSB- ... -RSB- year old for christmas . I was very unhappy/upset with what I received in the mail . The website has the product dimensions listed as
 I have bought 100s of items from Amazon and this is my first review . I ordered the item based on the catchy picture and dimensions mentioned . What I recieved is no where near the quality based on the impression you get from the photos . It was made of cheap plastic and the dimensions were incorrect too like some other review had mentioned . Very very cheap and false advertisement . The small free toys you get with McDonald 's Happy meal are better than this in quality . .
 I bought this plane to go with my son 's other small die-cast planes . This plane is cheap plastic and pieces are already breaking off before my son has even had a chance to play with it . Very disappointing . Save your money and do not buy this .
 These American Girls dolls looked so cute on the computer and in the catalogs . I have to say I 'm a bit diappointed with 2 things ! First the hair is a wig , and with certain styling it is very obvious , most high quality dolls have rooted hair . Second the legs do not allow doll to sit easily . I did n't think it was worth high $ Save your $ $ $ $ $ !!!!
 If you like this toy , then do not read this.THIS WAS OVER PRICED.I HATE THIS NONSENSE.However , these are soooooooooo easy to lose.It costs -LSB- $ ... -RSB- and is for kids who like NC17 rated children toys.One pet is cute and one unsutible.Here : Citty : CUTE.skunk : verrrryyyyyyy uuuunnnnsssuuuuutiiiiibblllleeeee !!!!!!!!!!!! It includes a flower : But does the skunk KILL IT !!!!!!!!!!??????? And who like this are on my hate list -LRB- from MANY bratz products . -RRB- ~ SKUNK HATEEEEEEEERRRRRRR 4 EVA !
 This is a cute and convenient set for quick redecorating . The quality is n't great - the picture frame came a bit scratched , and height chart has really rough fabric , and the bookends are really light . I do like the bins , they seem sturdy . Overall , it 's an okay set but I do n't know if it will last long term .
 The stand is ok , but a word of caution that is not visible from the picture provided . The stand requires that you put two screws in the bottom of your derby car that slide/attach into the metal semi-circle bracket . That metal semi-circle bracket attaches to the wooden base using a brass push pin.All in all , this will work , but not what I was looking for . The push pin means that the bracket rotates on its own . Also , my son likes to take his car out to show people , this is difficult using this stand .
 First Bear died right away , but company sent another . That bear is now dead too . Sweet story and great idea . Sadly our bears just did n't last !
 I bought this as a Christmas present from a seller called CSTT , and fortunately decided to check it out before giving it . It would n't work so I checked the battery pack and was going to put in new batteries , although batteries were included . When I opened the battery pack with a screwdriver I was shocked to see the batteries had begun to corrode . When I contacted the seller , he said I could return it for a refund of the purchase price and shipping , but refused to pay return shipping eventhough the merchandise was damaged . I believe any reputable business would have paid return shipping in this type of situation . I would never purchase from this seller again .
 Ordered the Bear for my 2 yr . old grandson . Bear arrived with unfinished , open seam ... stuffing leaking out . Now it 's a hassle for a beleaguered parent to solve.BD
 My daughter LOVES her gloE bears . My issues is that this is her third one on a year . Her mothers abandoned the family and the GloE helps her sleep -- but I am getting really sick of having to replace the bear every few months -- especially since it is not worth the price tag on it !
 This was the worst thing I have ever gotten going thru amazon . The shipping was outrageous ! The item itself came out the size of my pinky nail . My fault on that though because it did not give an item size . Lesson learned . The company was willing to take back . But with the high price of the item and the high shipping I will take it as a lesson well learned . I have been buying items off of the computer for a couple of years and I can honestly say this is the first so I will chalk this one up . But this is a horrible product . Angela
 My daughter received this very cute looking dog for Christmas , and it seemed to work pretty well that day . Unfortunately , the toy has not worked since . We hide the dog , and my daughter receives mis-cues from the remote . A real disappointment .
 My 21/2 year old son has a sudden fascination with trains , so when I saw this set made by Melissa and Doug , I was very excited . We do n't have space in our house for a train table , so I was hoping that a stand-alone set would do well . The fact that they attach magnetically was a huge bonus.First , like all Melissa and Doug products , these are very well built and beautiful . I could n't be happier with the quality and attention to detail . That , however , is where the positives in my review end.They are smaller than I expected , at about 3-4 inches long . I suppose this can be blamed on my lack of train knowledge , and is n't really the fault of the manufacturer , but I was surprised.There are two cars that have removable loads , which is really frustrating for my son and really does n't serve a purpose , since the cars can go in any order anyway . I ended up gluing them down so they would stop falling off.Probably the most frustrating feature is the magnets themselves . They are very , very weak . If he makes a sharp turn or goes too fast on the tile floor , they come apart from each other . My sister knows a boy with a set similar to these , and he can pick up the whole set with the engine . With these , you ca n't even pick up two cars without them coming apart.Overall , I would not purchase this set again .
 As one other reviewer has already pointed out , the cars are quite long and its easy for them to come off the track on sharp corners.The other issue is the way they are constructed , with pivoting trucks at the bottom of the train attached to the body by rivets . The bottom parts of the rivets hang down under the train and catch on places where the tracks are not completely level . Any track joint that sticks up a little bit or a countersunk screw that is not completely flush hits the train and makes it come off the rails . One could say the problem is with the track and not the train , but my son 's set has several different brands of trains and this is the only set that has a problem on the track.I was excited to find a modern looking train to add to my son 's set , but I do not think this train was the best choice . I do n't recommend it , especially for younger kids who get frustrated when things do n't work right .
 A fun toy to play with on the Step 2 train table . The only issue with the toy is that the pieces come apart easily and our toddler becomes frustrated when they wo n't stay together . I do n't believe that I would purchase this product again . The toy is durable as long as you do n't loose any of the pieces .
 THIS IS A RIP-OFF ... THERE IS NO MICKEY MANTLE PROPERTY ... BUT A KEVIN BROWN PROPERTY ... NEED I SAY MORE !
 I received this product after viewing it online . When it arrived I opened the box and I could not believe what I saw . There wrapped in foam was a piece of foam with a brush less motor strapped to it . All of the flaps were held on with scotch tape . That all would have been fine if the thing worked . It was broken in the box when it arrived . I am still waiting for a refund !
 Ordered as a gift . Everything looked good but the audio feature did n't work . Batteries were corroded also . Pez dispensing part worked well . Shame as is a cute idea .
 I bought this toy for my 1 yr old twins -LRB- recommended age was 12 mnths and up -RRB- , but they were so bored by it that I returned it the next day . Each time a button is pushed a new tune or phrase starts and since most nursey rhymes are long , they never heard them in their entirety because at 12 mnths of age , kids just like to push buttons , not sit there and wait for the rhyme to end . It was difficult for me to figure out how to get the book rhymes to work , let alone for my babies -LRB- sometimes you hear the whole rhyme , sometimes just the beginning of it over and over -RRB- . I got it on sale ... and still felt that it was not worth the price .
 We purchased this for our 7 year old daughter who had expressed interest in learning to sew . Based on the ` Singer ' name and being a life long sewer myself we felt it would be a good start to see if she had interest . After unpacking it we found we were unable to get the thread tension even despite doing everything in the manual multiple times . Both my husband -LRB- who is very mechanically inclined -RRB- and I worked on it and tried everything . During the process I went online and read reviews about other machines by this maker and was sad to learn the dilemma is consistent . It is also very cumbersome to thread . SO sadly we could not get it to sew and have returned it in favor of a starter Hello Kitty Janome machine -LRB- I have a Janome adult machine -RRB- feeling that the frustration of using this toy machine which is so difficult to use and creates big loopy sitches that do n't bind the fabric will dampen the interests of our budding seamstress ! Additional note
 We have spent hours trying to get this machine threaded properly so the tension on the stitches will be adequate . The bottom stitches get clumped up and it can not complete any stitching . I have had many other people look at it and try to resolve the problem , but to no avail . I would not recommend this at all .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift . It came ready to go . Sewed perfectly until it was time to change the bobbin , which was absolutely impossible . 5 adults tried -LRB- I sew , my husband is mechanical , my mom is a professional seamstress -RRB- . I took it to our local Singer store and they could not figure out how to get the bobbin out . They finally pryed it open with a butter knife ! It is a lovely little machine with a cute pink foot pedal . My mom actually chose this because she is an expert seamstress and thought it would be a good little starter for her grand daughter . It is light weight , portable and has similar working to an adult machine . What a bummer , it was returned promptly but I had to pay shipping both ways . Possibly we just got a defective machine , but I would highly recommend actually changing the bobbin on this and testing every function before you buy . We are now researching an inexpensive adult machine because all other kids machines did not pass the `` grandmom test '' .
 I had purchased a pump and balloons similar to this one from somewhere else . I bought two of these to have more pumps and balloons for a birthday party , as they are so much fun . I took the first pump and on the first try , the back popped right off . I snapped it back on , but it just would not hold up to the pressure . I realized that it was defective and tried the the other new pump . This time the handle pulled right off ! These are absolute junk ! I returned both for a refund . Amazon should not sell these again until the quality can be improved .
 maybe another brand would be better but this one leaked air so it was nearly impossible to use and then it broke completely .
 My granddaughers love Calico Critters and own numerous pieces . But this is n't one of the better ones . The cradle broke immediately . Some of the other pieces are quite small , too small really . Other sets are more fun . This one got set to the side pretty quickly .
 HORRIBLE shoes for little girls ! Bought a whole case for my 3-year old grand-daughter - she was SO excited . Put them on & walked from the living room to kitchen & they broke . Could have been serious , as it broke into sharp pieces . No support in the back of shoe for small feet that hit the shoe midway . Stay safe & buy the better built Disney shoes .
 I only recieved 1 deck . when I ordered and payed for 2 . Really wish I could get the 2nd deck as they are very nice playing cards and my grandchildren really like them .
 This was a gift for my three year old . The house is all plastic and snaps together . It is flimsy and the space is very cramped . It 's not easy for my daughter to move the furniture or kittens around . It 's dark inside and the largest room downstairs , the kitchen , is too long , so that it 's hard to reach in to `` play '' in the room.My daughter has barely played with this . I keep it out , hoping that she 'll like it better as she gets older . She does lots of pretend play with other toys , but not this one . I am planning on saving for one of the Ryan 's Room dollhouses which are built to last and are more open for better accessibility . These are available at Learning Express . Also , the Playmobile dollhouses are a nice option.One other thing to consider is that the furniture sets that you buy to go with this house are expensive and filled with so many tiny pieces , they are sure to be lost .
 This toy looks very cute , and my daughter likes it just because it 's a Dora product.However , we have attempted to make the many configurations shown on the box , and every configuration we 've tried is wobbly and falls apart when playing with it . It has several platforms that the characters can stand on , but when we place the characters on them , the whole structure falls over.This toy has a poor design overall . I do not recommend this product .
 First off , this case is for the TAKE ALONG trains ... NOT the wooden ones.Even with that in mind , the design is TERRIBLE . It is near impossible to open or close the case without the trains all falling out and making a mess . My son ca n't do it himself which means I am constantly having to do it for him and even when I do it , I get frustrated . Do n't buy it . In fact , mine may very well find a new home in the garbage bin soon .
 my son is 2 years old , and gets so upset w / this case -LRB- somedays i do too . -RRB- it should have specified it was for metal trains only . we have alot of wood cars and they definately dont fit easily -LRB- most not at all -RRB- . this case is not worth the time/money when it comes to wooden trains ! i can say , that it will be sold on ebay soon!i would rather use a cardboard box .
 When you close the filled case , nearly 1/2 of the trains fall out . Now how is that good design ? Am I missing something ?? Please , I want to know !
 It seemed to be a great idea . Our daughter got it for her Xmas present . She has some trains -LRB- of course Thomas family -RRB- for her train table . But , we can not put most of the trains into those tiny compartments . Although there is a small picture came with this product showing how trains are placed , the picture does not match the actual product -LRB- the design of the compartments looks different -RRB- .
 I thought this would be great for my twin 3 yo boys . They love their matchbox carrying case and spend lots of time taking cars out and putting them back in again - almost as much time as playing with the cars themselves . However , this case only holds the smallest train cars and it is not easy even for an adult to take the cars out and put them back in again . This lead to much frustration and tears with the boys , which translates to much frustration for mom and dad . Stay away !
 I read the critical reviews before buying this product and I bought it anyway.We received a gift card for my son 's third birthday and this was what he really wanted ... so this was what I bought.I knew this travel case was designed to hold the take-a-long trains and not the larger wooden trains . And that is what we have.But whoever designed this product is in my humble opinion an idiot.Not only is it difficult for my three year old son to get the trains in and out , it is difficult for me , his forty year old mother , to get them in and out.Thomas just barely fits in the top most opening . All of the trains have to placed inside in a `` just so '' manner.Why they could n't have made the compartments 1/8 or even 1/16 of an inch larger so you could get the trains in and out is beyond me and I curse the fool who designed this case every time I open it.And I agree with the other people who said that the latch is a horrible choice .
 I was very disappointed with this product . My son has about 20 trains that I was hoping to have a place to store them . It is too difficult to get the trains in and out of this case . The storage spaces are all different sizes and only certain trains will go in certain spaces . And once you get them in , my 21/2 year old can not get the train out and then he starts crying : -LRB-
 My son was very excited to get his new desk , but the construction is disappointing -- the slats of the rolltop are warped and only held together loosely by tape . We therefore are not able to raise or lower the top . Very disappointing !
 We actually never were able to entirely build the desk . Although shipped what seemed securely there were several parts damaged including the desk top being split down the middle . The replacement parts ordered directly through the manufacturer did not line up with the desk proprely . The desk top did n't fit properly on the desk top itself . Do n't waste your time or money ! I have a very disappointed kid that has no desk and a walletwaiting for my refund .
 I bought this and 5 vehicles for my 3-yr-old . I was frustrated and disappointed with the quality of the flimsy cheap track and the way the track fits together . It just seems cheap -LRB- the track -RRB- and getting the track to store as it should underneath the lid is something a younger child will NOT master . -LRB- I even have to play around with the track a bit to get it to work so the lid/roof shuts ! -RRB- Booo ! Stick to the real stuff .
 Stay with the wooden trains , this set is crap . The trains get stuck in the little doors all the time , as well as toddler hands on occasion -LRB- seriously -RRB- . The catches on the doors wear out quickly so they wo n't close -LRB- which is frustrating to little engineers -RRB- . The tracks take more coordination to assemble than little hands can muster . I hate this toy , but the trains themselves are nice . All and all the wooden Thomas trains are much better . They are easier for little hands to control and the tracks can be assembled in different ways to keep the toy fresh .
 My kids got this for Christmas 2 weeks ago and we are already giving it away to charity . It is very cheap feeling and the doors or almost impossible for me to open . The storage for the tracks is not large enough unless you put them in JUST right . We also have another of these playsets and it is the same , just not enough fun for the trouble or cheapness . Now , I DO like the take along trains and tracks . My kids just do n't need to add the badly made playsets to the tracks to have fun . I 'd take a pass if I were you .
 My two year old got this for Christmas . It is a decent toy if you have all the trains or at least two . . the toy comes with one train . They are magnetized so that they connect together . Now I feel that I am forced to go buy more trains to make this a toy worth even having . My son sure is n't too enthralled with it as it is but I think he might like it with more trains . I 'm not sure if they are available individually but online you have to buy a set of five and they are priced at $ 29.99 which is outrageous for five small toy trains .
 This toy looks really neat . I like the fact that the track stores in the roof and there is a place to store the trains . However , during play the trains get stuck inside the roundhouse very easily . The door openings are so tiny that it takes adult help to remove them . I have to use the magnet from another train to get the stuck one out -LRB- something a child can not do by themselves . -RRB- I bought this toy so my child could play with it while I am working . Since I have to constantly help to remove the trains , it is not worth the money .
 Cute in concept , but the easiest way for kids to get the doors open is to stick their fingers in the holes of the windows and pull the door open . This had led to more tears at our house than the toy is worth . The pull out part that the track is attached to comes detached from the building fairly easily . I like how the roof opens to hold all the tracks that come with this set -LRB- although if you were to buy additional tracks there is no additional space to store them in this particular building -RRB- .
 My 4 year old wanted a buzz lightyear , but this one is too violent for our tastes . The Buzz in the movie saves and protects people and does n't have a rocket launcher , as this one does . Once my son got it , suddenly he was pretending to kill everything in the house ! We are exchanging it for the regular , talking buzz lightyear with wings .
 I got horrible service from Amazon and Pinkwater , then the toy was not worth the price they were charging . The Buzz and Woody figures do n't even fit in it . Maybe they 'll get it right with Toy Story 2 releases , but I would n't buy it from Amazon or Pinkwater .
 My son loves Buzz , we have many Buzz toy dolls . None of them fit in this spacehip . And if they do -LRB- McDonalds version -RRB- they dont sit in it . So I guess you are supposed to fly around with no one in it . The red missle that launches out of it gets lost many times.My son still plays with it so I give it 2 stars .
 My wife bought this for our 3.5 year old for Christmas to complement the large 12 inch Buzz action figure . She assumed Buzz would fit into this space ship ... wrong ! This thing 's a lot smaller and seems to be made for much smaller versions of Buzz action figures which I have yet to actually find ... and we already bought the larger Buzz . < sigh > Seems the product planning for the Buzz Line was n't too well thought out .
 This item arrived today . Missing parts and very brittle must be left over stock from the 70s . Decals are poor quality and unless you have 10 plus hours to put into this model do not buy . Skill level must be a 5 . It is not easy to buld as advertised .
 Got several Leapster games and none of them has held the attention of my 6 year old grandson . I was really disappointed and he was too . They are n't challenging enough and much too repetitive .
 Here was another toy that was unable to prove it 's durability , fun factor or educational advantage because it got lost in transit as if it were sucked into the bermuda triangle . I wound up demanding a refund for this one tooafter nearly a month of waiting . This one had a tracking number to which all data must have been hauled into the vortex too because mysteriously every time I tried to check the status of the order , there was no tracking information available '' at that time '' .
 Very disappointed this is not a leather ball . Own several other real leather balls and there is no comparison . The ball is lopsided and Molten is already wearing off.Have not contacted seller hopefully they will refund .
 Not enough information was given about this product . It was a slot car , not simply a toy car . It was not a car to be played with by a 3 year old boy . We did not remove it from the package as it was not what we expected it to be .
 As everyone has already mentioned , it 's nearly impossible for my two year old to spin anywhere on this thing , and it takes altogether too much effort . It was interesting for about 5 seconds . And yes , it 's WAY too loud , with no volume control , and the audio is extremely annoying . The funny thing is , I only got this because my son enjoyed spinning on his father 's electrical wire spool so much . Now I think I 'll just buy another wire spool and modify it myself . Total , utter , waste of money .
 We bought this for our 3 year old daughter b/c my hubby and I both remember how much we loved having one when we were growning up . This new version is just not the same ! The base is barely big enough for her to sit on -LRB- and she 's VERY petite -RRB- and it does not spin as `` freely '' as the old ones did -LRB- probably b/c of all the electronics -RRB- . The `` talking '' is pointless ... she just wants to try to spin on it , not follow the `` Simon Says '' directions . I give it 2 stars b/c she LOVES to use it as a stool to sit up to our coffee table and color or use her play laptop .
 A really large , battery guzzling music box . Certainly all it 's good for . It sits allright ! And sits ... and sits ... no spinning yet to be found and my 23 month old son has poked and prodded it from top to bottom . Too stiff ... almost like they went stupid crazy overboard on safety precautions ? It 'd take a couple of semi trucks and a good sturdy wench to get any action outta this thing . Catchy tunes , though .
 This Sit and Spin took several months of waiting before my daughter and son could use it . Unlike the Sit and Spins from the 80 's that spun VERY easily and made you ill , this one lacks fun . It 's slow and ackward . Both of my kids need us to help spin them , which gets old . I was so disappointed with this product . I assume someone must have gottn hurt on the older models -LRB- I KNOW I DID :--RRB- and I think this product reflects too many safety measures . What fun is it if you ca n't use it ?
 Very poor quality . Would not recommend . Seat is so small and narrow due to its oval shaped configuration that my thin little two year old daughter hangs off it . It is all very lightweight plastic and easilt turns over and of course she falls off . This is very frustrating to her and to me as well . I would love to return it , but we got it as a christmas present and I do n't have the box or receipt . This definitely should be recalled . Who builds this stuff ? Remember the old days when the sit n spin had a nice round , heavy base that you could spin real fast for hours . Very , very poor construction and quality !!!
 This Sit n ' Spin is barely big enough for my 2 and 4 year old to sit on , and they are considered small to average size for their ages . Trying to get it to spin is difficult for young children , since their upper body strength is limited . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this for my 2 year old when I saw it at the store , remebering how much I liked mine as a child & how fast I could go . Not on this thing ! It 's oval instead of round so not much room for him to sit , & does n't turn well at all .
 This sit and spin is so incredibly hard to spin on , it is almost impossible !!! My daughter has taken it out maybe 5 times since christmas and is done with it in about 2 minutes !! A complete waste of money !!!!
 Very , Very disappointed with the toy . We got it for my son `` 2 '' for Christmas . It 's very difficult to make it turn , not fun at all !
 This is the worst purchase that I have ever made . I bought this toy for my 2 yr . old niece as a Christmas present and it was a disappointment from the moment we took it out of the box . The seat is oval and very small which makes it very hard to even sit on , then we could n't get it to spin AT ALL -LRB- very flimsy , not very durable -RRB- . This toy is going back to the store for a full refund . Do not waste your money .
 Do n't buy it ! $ 5 is too much to ask for this awful toy . I am absolutly shocked to see the asking price here . Glad I did n't pay even close to that . But I still paid too much because it 's garbage . Too hard to spin . My kids hate it . So do I.
 This does not spin nearly as well as the original version , taking a lot of the fun out of it . Also , it is oval shaped , which does n't fit little bottoms as well . It 's noise is loud and obnoxious . Even my son grew tired of the noise . It 's durable , but since it does n't get much use , that 's really not much of a selling point !
 nothing like the classic . barely spins even if you give it a spin with no one on it . I thought we were upgrading from an old classic one we got second hand . it 's not the same . Save your money not worth it and it is soooo loud .
 You definitely do not want to buy this . It 's the biggest hunk of junk I 've ever purchased for my kids . Nothing like the original , its oval shape and resistance device make it difficult , if not impossible , for kids to manipulate . neither of mine can turn it without assistance - one is 2 and one is 3 . so it sits . and collects a lot of dust.worse yet , they added music to it . luckily , you can turn it off but i just do n't get why toy makers think adding music to a toy makes it better ... we bought an old one at a garage sale for 2 bucks . it was awesome !!!
 Soooo dissappointed!Waste of space and money.I thought my daughter would enjoy this -LRB- as I did as a kid -RRB- but it is really hard for her to spin on it -LRB- she 's 4 and a pretty strong kid -RRB- . It 's also very LOUD!The music is the only thing my kid likes about it.Why did the toy maker change the sit and spin?My cousins and I used to fight over it and we would all pile on top of it and spin , it was a blast.Now my daughter and her 2 cousins barely acknowledge it!What a shame ...
 I remember these sit and spins as a kid and had a great time on them . BUT when my 2-1/2 year old received this as a gift he hardly ever was able to sit and spin on it . It obviously wo n't spin on carpet -LRB- even flat carpet -RRB- and I really did n't want my son using it on our wood floors since I was nervous about scratches . Even when it was used on solid surfaces it still only went around once or twice with A LOT of effort . Nothing like I remember as a kid ... One positive about this product is that it has some fun music my son liked to dance and bop around to . Other than that I wish I had n't bought it -- we actually ended up throwing it away when we moved ...
 I bought this for my son and I waste my money . this toy is great for a smaller kid 1 year of age perhaps , because it says that can support around 25 to 35 pounds , but he struggle moving the toy , its suppose to be physical challenge , but that is to much for a kid I even try to help but the toy ca n't really support him , they just want to have fun , my son is 28 pounds very active boy and has a healthy weigh .
 I gave this gift to my 3 year old nephew for Christmas and I am SO dissapointed !! My nephew is definitely a `` boy 's boy '' and is really physical and strong . He had the worst time spinning this thing and it never would go fast enough around where he would enjoy it . He actually enjoyed the music but the base is shaped like an oval so when he would try to `` spin the other way '' how Simon would tell him to the sit and spin would get all off balance and actually tipped over a few times . I remember loving my sit and spin when I was a kid . This is nothing like the product that we grew up with , save your money .
 We have a 2 year old daughter . I thought the toy was undersized for her . She is tall for her age and was barely able to keep herself on the toy while siting . I had one of these as a child and remeber them being a lot bigger .
 I did n't buy this particular model . I bought a DORA the Exployer sit and spin from WalMart . Same oval shape and made also by Playskool . I honestly do n't know what they were thinking with this toy . I mean , did n't they test the stupid thing before they put it on the market ? I feel horrible that my 2 year old daughter got this for Christmas because it is absolutely worthless . I am taking it apart and taking it back to the store and returning it , whether they like it or not . It cost $ 26.88 plus tax , and I would n't buy it again if it were $ 1 ! First of all , when I was putting together the turning poll of the toy , 2 of the little hooks bent and would n't snap into place . I did the best I could and thought maybe after the pieces are screwed into place , it would n't matter . At this point , I was already planning to send an email to Playskool to ask if it was going to be safe like this . THEN ... after I finally got it together , my daughter was SO EXCITED ! She hopped on , and I tried to turn the wheel for her since she has never seen it done before ... and NOTHING ! I could n't even BUDGE the wheel . I thought maybe I missed a part in the instructions where you had to raise the turner under the toy so it could actually spin . Checked , and nope . So then , I thought DUH ... instead of on the carpet , it should be on the kitchen floor . NOPE ! It did n't even budge there either . Boy , do I ever regret this purchase . What happened to the good ol' days of actually spinning and having some excitement ? Please , if you want your child to have a fun sit and spin , look somewhere like on ebay . I am sure you could find an original in good condition that actually spins . Thank God for ebay !
 This is NOT the Sit-N-Spin you grew up with . The center post is made of a semi-flexible plastic , which makes spinning difficult , at best . When grabbing the top plate , you expect the toy to resist and in turn have your strength propel you forward into a spinning motion . That does n't happen . Instead , when you pull on the top plate , it bends toward you and there is minimal resistance to use for spinning . Also , the base is not round , it 's elliptical , which just adds to this product 's awkwardness.The `` interactive voice '' says , `` spin faster , '' or `` spin slowly . '' Instead , you good buy a better quality sit n spin , and at the very least , you could interact with the child yourself and call out such lame commands while doing dishes or laundry from another room.Overall , this is an inferior product . I returned it and got my money back . Skip this step and , order something else .
 This toy is fun but dangerous . Our 18 month old son broke his arm when he accidentally stepped on it and it launched him across the room.It is not worth it . There is no way to make this toy safe for kids .
 Such a disappointment ! We loved our sit n spins as kids , and used them until we were BIG kids , like 8 or 9 yrs old . Well , this one is so small , and cheaply and poorly designed , that my 4 yr old ca n't even fit on it , and can barely turn himself on it . And my two 21 month olds could n't work it either , for more than one difficult turn at a time . It really does n't `` SPIN '' . It 's the first time I 've ever gone as far as dis-assembling a toy and returning it to the store for a refund ! Even the clerk at Toy R Us told me the toy was crummy and cheap !
 I bought this in October 2005 thinking that my four year old would have as much fun as I did when ever I got the chance to play with one of these as a child . I was very disappointed when I took it out of the box . It does n't seem to be made to handle my son 's high energy play at all . I do n't know if the original Sit n ' Spin 's center handle came in two pieces and snapped into place on the base unit but this one does . The Playskool version seems as if it 's going to break off with one good tug . It has n't been broken yet but then again it 's hardly ever played with . My son 's interest lies more in using this as a prop for his Power Rangers . I 'm just glad that I bought this on sale with money that someone else gave him for his birthday . My 14 month old seems to like it but of course I have to spin it around for her . Even at her age the interest in it lasts for only two minutes if that . I would n't recommend spending your money on it .
 I bought this Simon Says version because of the reviews the original Sit N Spin got . I wish I got the original Sit N Spin . This one is oval shape which makes it harder for the kids to spin on it . No matter how much I tell my daughter and her friends to sit on the star , which is the longer part of the oval , they always sit on the shorter end of the oval and they fall off . We 'll that 's not fun . She does n't play the Simon Says game and is not interested in it . Quite frankly , it is too hard to all of a sudden `` spin faster '' or to `` spin the other way . '' It does have a on/off switch . Also , it maybe my imagination , but it seems to me that you ca n't spin as fast on this Simon Says version . It does n't seem as smooth moving . Purchasers of the other Sit N Spin with the lights do n't like the noise it makes and because it does n't have an on/off switch , but the fact is , the kids love that one . My daughter used it at her preschool . Buy the other Sit N Spin with the lights and music and just let your kid use it outside if it bugs you .
 Waste of money . The only thing fun about this toy is the music , because my son loooves music and just dances to it . However , the music is extremely loud and there is no volume control . We can barely get the thing to spin , and the seat is so small my 50 % percentile 18-month old can barely fit on it.The box says age 18 mos . to 51/2 years - they 're crazy if they think a 5-year old is going to fit on this thing . Cheap , thin plastic . Hopefully , the store will give me a refund .
 I can see from reading the below reviews that I 'm not the only one who hates this thing . What a total waste ! I got it for my little one , remembering how much I -LRB- and every other kid I 've ever known -RRB- loved this toy . Well , this version has been made too safe to have any fun on . It barely spins . If you want your toddler to develop amazing upper body strength , then force them to work out on this thing a couple times a day . It 's almost impossible to spin and you never get up any momentum at all . Not to mention the loud loud music with no volume control . Which I could deal with if the thing was any fun at all .
 This is the most worthless piece of plastic I 've ever seen . I bought this for my niece , remembering how much fun I had with one as a kid . Everyone said the same thing when she opened it . `` Awesome ! I loved mine as a kid . '' Then she tried to spin on it , and we all `` booed . '' Nice job , Playskool . You made a Sit n ' Spin that does n't spin . Bad design , cheap materials , annoying music . Avoid this at all costs .
 This toy is 1 -RRB- too loud , and 2 -RRB- virtually unusable as an actual `` spin '' toy . My 15 mo old daughter loves the music but it is way too loud . No one can seem to get the thing to spin - have had several friends of different ages come over and no weight or coordination seems to matter . It is basically an oversized music toy .
 Luckily , I did n't pay the outrageous price for mine . I was given one free . But I was surprised when I got it home that it was so small and oval , not round . I remembered them being a lot bigger when I was younger . My 31/2 year old was able to get it moving , but not very fast and she seemed too big for it . It does n't work well on carpet . We had to move it to the kitchen linoleum floor for just a bit more speed and even then it was pretty slow . My 19 month old could n't spin it himself at all and I think it frustrated him . The other thing is the Simon Says game gets annoying after awhile . The kids just want to spin and do n't always care about the game playing . I suggest leaving it off . I feel bad for anyone who paid a ridiculous amount of money for such a cheap toy . I hope my review will help others and save them some money .
 I purchased this sit 'n and spin for our Grandson 's third Birthday . When he opened it he was so excited and so were we . However , after my husband assembled the toy we realized it was an inferior product to the sit 'n spin purchased for our daughter in the mid-seventies . I can not even express our disappointment . The material is so weak our Grandson could n't even make it spin . I really do not understand how a product manufactured in the seventies could be built better then a toy manufactured in the year 2009 . The manufacturer really dropped the ball on this toy !! Shame on them !
 My daughter is 3 and barelt fits on the toy I cant imagine how a 5 yr old would sit on it . As with other reviews its very loud with no volume . . My daughter enjoyed the concept , not so much the toy
 I would love to rate this product higher , but I was expecting something more reminiscent of my own childhood . Did n't they used to be bigger ? and round?Luckily for me I purchased this way too early for DS because he will outgrow it by the time he is `` old enough '' for it.He can get it to spin a half a turn at t a time so far , but even as a little guy he hardly fits on the thing.He loves the music and really likes to dance to it.We are definitely goin to keep it around , perhaps not as long as we 'd hoped , but nothing is perfect for everyone .
 We got this toy awhile ago and my daughter has yet to spin on it . The only thing she 's managed to do is step on it , fall , and practically crack her head open . I do n't get it ... . if she sits on it , it hardly spins at all . But when she stands on it , it spins too much and she almost kills herself . Plus the noise this thing emits is highly irritating . This is not how I remember the Sit N Spin from my childhood .
 I remember my old sit and spin - THIS IS NOT IT . Poor quality , does n't spin , obnoxious music . It just sits around because none of the kids are interested in it at all , since it spins so poorly . Terribly disappointing .
 I purchased this toy for my 13 month old son . I figured it would be worth it considering the Sit N ' Spin I had when growing up was easy and fun to spin . I would spin until I got dizzy.That is NOT what you will get with this item . It is too difficult to spin . There is no possible way any child can spin this themselves . I had a hard time & i 'm an adult.PLEASE save your money .
 My daughter plays with an older round version sit and spin at daycare alot . All the kids like it there . She got the Simon Says version for Christmas from her aunt and it pretty much sucks . She tried to play with it every once in a while but got so frustrated we have now just put it the attic because she wo n't touch it and it was in the way . It does n't spin very well at all -LRB- possibly due to the oval shape ?? -RRB- no matter where my daughter sits on it . Also the audio is very loud and annoying with no volume control . Also it seems much cheaper made than the older style she plays with at daycare . I would say DO N'T waste your money on the Simon Says Sit n Spin - try to find an older one at a second hand store or garage sale . My recommendation to Playskool would be to go back to the original design - a round sit n spin , no sound - just pure and simple fun !
 The volume on this toy is way too loud . It is only moderately tolerable if my daughter 's little behind is positioned exactly so it covers up the speaker . It also has the most annoying music ; some sort of disco/techno monstrosity .
 I bought this toy for my 18 month old daughter Ava because she had so much fun on the one over at her grandparents . I got it and put it together . It is a waste of 25.00 . Its so cheap , tips over easily , is hard for the child to spin , and the awkward oval shape is so stupid . Save your money and buy a different type .
 This toy stinks ! I recently bought it for my twin 2 year olds for Christmas and they cant make it turn fast at all , it barely even moves . The oval shape makes for many tip overs if they are not directly on the part where their hiney is supposed to go . The music is way too loud . Overall I can say this toy is nothing like the old style . My girls like some of the other designs they have played with at friends houses , but this one STINKS !
 My son received this as a gift when he was 15 months old , I held it aside until I thought he would be ready for it -LRB- 18 mos , as suggested on the box -RRB- - well forget it - it was NO fun for him as it was too difficult to spin - he got very frustrated by it . He is now almost two yrs old and STILL has difficulty using this ! My son is very coordinated and strong - yet this toy is nearly impossible to use and enjoy - his 3 yr old friend and 5 yr old cousin also have a hard time using !! Not how I remember the Sit n ' Spin when I was little . I guess not everything improves with time !
 My kids received this toy as a gift for the holidays . Like the majority of other people who have reviewd this toy they could not get the toy to spin at all . Intead of Sit n ' Spin the toy should be called Sit n ' Sit .
 I am so disappointed in this toy . I just bought this for my 2 year old for Christmas . The centre turner is extremely stiff , and does n't seem to make it spin . The toy is very loud , and we had to turn the sound off . This is nothing like the toy I remember as a child .
 Playskool ruined a classic . I bought this because my 21/2 year old enjoyed a friend 's classic version . I figured I could remove the battery and use it as a regular sit and spin . Unfortunately , it barely spins . Buy the Spin Around by Kaplan ! It actually works , does n't make distracting noise and costs a little less !
 We bought this gadget for our 2-year old . To risk sounding like a broken record -- or faulty spinning plastic toy , in this case -- I 'll just add my vote to the design flaws :1 . Volume . Not only is the volume loud , it 's unbearably so . Even my daughter grabs her ears when she 's playing on it . The voice is a bit garbled as well , so when the command ` Ready . . Spin ! ' sounds more like ` Wordy ... SPEW ! ' I prefer to spare my daughter 's hearing loss for live concerts in her teenage years , so I 've disabled the on/off switch .2 . Spin quality . A Sit n ' Spin should have a fluid , effortless motion -LRB- like a lazy susan -RRB- . This toy requires enormous effort to turn . To add to my daughter 's frustation , the handle 's base gives a bit -LRB- even with screws tightly fastened -RRB- , making for a tedious experience rather than the joy ride we loved as kids.Spare the expense and the frustration of fitting this thing in the garbage can on collection day -- buy an easel and finger paint kit instead .
 I bought this for my 2yr old . It is way too hard to spin and barely spins at all ! She does not play on it because its just not any fun!This is nothing like the sit-n-spins we had as a kid!Waste of money !!
 My kids never seemed interested in actually sitting and spinning on this thing . All they wanted to do is activate it and listen to the music - over and over again . I could n't wait to throw this thing away .
 This turned out to be a very expensive ball point pen for us . We could not get it to work due to software problems -LRB- we think -RRB- . Technical support was just dreadful . Please do not buy this pen if you think you would ever need any kind of technical support .
 We 've had nothing but trouble trying to get the pen to connect to a PC . We 've tried 4 different PC 's and out of them all , only one would connect properly . Unfortunately , that one is not available on a regular basis , so at this point best features of the Fly Pen are inaccessible.We 've tried contacting support both via Phone and E-mail and had no success.Having said all that , if the LeapFrog people can iron out the technical problems , this is a great toy . My son currently has a love-hate relationship with it . He loved it when he had access to the one computer that it worked with , and he also loves the stand alone functionality , but it 's been extremely frustrating to have so many problems and such poor support .
 This pen does not work . I got it for Christmas . We took it back already because when I wrote with it , I pressed on the word and it did not talk .
 The reviews I have read hear are written by sales men not people . I have a pentop computer in my hand right now and it does not work . If it did work we would have to buy lots of other stuff . Not a good guift .
 I was really excited to get this item , but after reading some of these reviews i was a bit unsure of how amazing this thing could be . So , my mom let me open the pentop computer and try it out . It was kinda cool at first , but after the first five minutes , i was dead bored with it . So , I tried the flyware journal and even the algebra and games expansions , and , trust me , they are nothing special . I immedietely felt horrible that my mom wasted her money on this . I finally told her what a waste it was , and since i had written in the instruction manual book , i was doubtful that Target would take it back . So i went , and fortunately , with the help of some scotch tape , they never noticed and gave us a full refund . I was lucky though , as i saw some other reviews where people couldnt take them back . Good thing my luck pulled through there , because now im getting a new green ipod nano istead , which in my opinion , all of you looking to buy this item should take a look at .
 Everything that people say that the pen can do ... . it ca n't ! Do n't buy this item because you will probably rip the box open and lose it so you ca n't return it . You will end up loseing 100 dollars of your money ! When i received this bad pen i was very excited , but when I tryed to write with it ... . it was no different than any other pen . Remmber , its a waste of your money and time to buy this . LISTEN TO ME ! Oh yeah , it also does n't come with any f the things that it says it should . Fly Pentop Computer STINKS !
 First off we wish we could give this ZERO stars !!! My brothers and I each got one for an early present this year . We all wish we could take them back but the store wo n't take it because the factory seal on the box is broken . We think the fly pen stinks ! It does n't respond well , it is kinda hard to understand how to use . When we learned how to use it we thought it was boring and wasted alot of paper trying to get it to work . It sounded way cool at first but once we got it and tried it out it was a TERRIBLE , AWFUL , HORRIBLE present ! Not fun like we thought it would be . Do n't believe the other reviews , most are from people who think they want one , but do n't even have one .
 I wanted to buy this thing for my sons educational needs but only for spelling and math so I thought I would just purchase those cartridges . I have since gotten rid of the thing because I did not have a cord or software or paper ... always needed something more and the confusion really comes from there are two different pens and all the products are not compatible .
 I gave this to my 12-year old daughter for Christmas . Is seems to be a very cool device , if you can get the software to run . I was unable to get its software to run on my PC , under Windows XP home . A quick internet search showed that many others have had similar problems . In my efforts to resolve this issue , I ran up against the worst customer service I have ever experienced from the company of an expensive hardware product I have purchased . Leapfrog does not answer its own email forms it claims it will answer within 24 hours . The customer service agents who answer the phone barely speak English and have no technical knowledge whatsoever . They asked me to send some files from my computer to help diagnose my issue . I sent the files immediately and never heard another word in reply . Apparently they maintain no records of individual cases , with the result that each time I call I have to explain my problem all over again from the beginning . Last time I called I was told my case was being `` escalated , '' and that I would receive a phone call within the next two days . When I laughed at that , the customer service agent just laughed along with me . Guess what ? It 's been several weeks and I 'm still anxiously awaiting that call . I have had to use a PC at work on which the software actually runs to download files from the pen . Hardware if finally only as good as the software on which it runs .
 this pen is neat like you can write words on its special paper and it will activate functions that you tell it . Like if you draw an M and circle it you can get the pen to go to the menu.But it 's very expensive , for all the accessaries put together you could buy a real game system or upgrade a computer . Mine ran out of batteries alot , which kinda sucks , but good thing is i have lots for other toys.also i think like there are lots of fake reviews here , it 's so obious . like when some kid review tells you to buy it for you child age 8-13 or something . Anyways if you have the money and can not find a better educational toy then it 's neat . just remember to get lots of paper too .
 It ends up being about $ 500 after you get all of the things u need .
 everyone says this is great but it stinks it is $ 99 who will pay for that ? also you have to buy fly paperthis toy sux .
 this is a stupid pen , dont buy it for your kid . i am sick of people writing reviews saying that WOW its great , OH its awesome ! i would rate it 10 STARS if i could . i dont know what pen they are talking about , but theyre lying . this pen does nothing useful . we would never use schedule thing . the calculator is soo annoying cuz we have to get the card to use it or get the fly paper to draw on then use it . its a pain in the butt . im only eleven and i got bored of it after the 3rd day !! i dont get bored easily with toys like that cuz i hardly ever get toys . please dont waste your money on this useless piece of junk . i know that alot of people say its great , but im not sure if they are looking at the same pen i am looking at . i dont want any more people wasting their money on this pen . you guys should focus more on the cons than the pro because there IS a better toy out there for your kids .
 I first got this FLY Pentop Computer for my 10th birthday . I was SO excited ... how many kids get a computer -LRB- none the less , a PORTABLE pen-sized compputer -RRB- for the birthday ? I got some special FLY paper as well . The pen was completley aweful !!! It did n't work and the `` ink '' was scratchy and rough . Then , when I simply dropped it -LRB- by accident , of course -RRB- onto our carpet from about 2 feet and it broke . Yeah , it would work anymore!This is a very clever idea , but the design and duriblity is weak . I would recomend this pen to anyone , even super-careful people -LRB- like myself ! -RRB- !!
 I bought a fly pentop for my daughter and she ca n't use it because it wo n't write . I have been searching the internet for a customer service number or somewhere to call but have come up with nothing . Can someone help ?
 when i first got the fly pen i thought it was going to be awesome . but first i asked my sister if i should get it , she said that ill probably get over it really fast . and she was right after the 2nd day it got sooooo boring . im guesssing if i had got the expansion packs it would be more fun . but i didnt . i will never use the schedule thing . and using the caculator is a pain cuz we have to turn on the pen and then draw out one or take out the card which take more time then just going to get a calulator . i probably shouldnt have asked for this pen , i regret it soo much . it was A WASTE OF money . dont get this pen for children that are in middle school i think that the parents should get the kids something that doesnt envolve that much money and something thats useful . if i could turn back time i wouldve gotten something different . but i cant , and now i feel sad that my parents got me this useless piece of junk . now i cant say anything about the pen b/c my parents will feel sad that they bought me something that was more than $ 100 just to sit in my room . i shouldve listened to my sister . everybodys review has said oh ! this is soo fun . this is a good gift . but i am telling alll of the parent why I dont like this gift , wow . thats a first isnt it .
 If you ca n't figure out anything about technology , this is a complete waste of time . Neither I , nor my 10 year old have been able to figure out what to do with this item . I bought most of the extras and they just sat in their boxes . You really have to take a long time and be determined to learn how to use the pen . It looked easy when I saw it on QVC , but it did n't turn out that way for us . A disappointment here .
 Parents , this is not an ideal `` toy '' for kids and should be thoughtfully considered before gift giving this item . It can become VERY expensive especially for younger children who will go through the required -LRB- and expensive -RRB- paper that is needed to make the Fly work very quickly . This is one of those products that is designed to keep you buying accessories over and over . Once the paper runs out or your child ca n't get the supplies they need , this item will end up in the trash . The translator was nice , but once the paper is gone , the Fly no longer works .
 My 6 year old daughter absolutely flipped when she saw the commercial for this on TV . Of course , her marshmallow dad had to buy it for her right away . After less than an hour playing with it , she quickly realized that it was n't quite as neat as the commercial had advertised.You should think twice about this one . It really is a one-trick pony , so to speak , that 's way overpriced .
 Like so many of the other reviewers ' experiences , my daughter saw the TV commercial and fell in love with the pony and so we bought it for her for Christmas . It worked wonderfully , said many phrases , and was so cute -- for about 5 minutes . Then , it started making this horrible grinding noise -- sounds like a lawn mower outside the door , very loud and annoying . It no longer moves correctly and now , three months later , only says one phrase , `` Good Morning Mommy . '' My handy husband took the whole thing apart the other night and tried to fix it . Basically , the cheap-o plastic gears on the inside are shot and the electronic chips that control the voice had grease -LRB- ! -RRB- on them , which is probably why it does n't say all the phrases any more . Even though he spent literally hours tinkering with it , he could n't get it to work.It 's really a shame that Hasbro has such a poor regard for their customers that they 'll make such a shoddy product . I hope the product manager of the product is reading these posts ! Please , for the sake of 3 year olds everywhere -LRB- and their parents -RRB- if you ca n't make a decent product , just quit trying . It really puts your whole company in a very bad light . I 'll be very hesitant to buy this type of product from your company ever again .
 Reading many of the reviews , I was sort of happy to see that the problems we have encountered with this pony were shared by others !! It worked for about 2 months , then this loud , grinding sound started and the pony would n't do anything except say `` Good morning Mommy ! '' . We actually have to hit it hard to stop the grinding ! Very poor quality ! It is sad because my 4 year old daughter really loves her pony and would n't go anywhere without it !!!
 My daughter got this pony for Christmas and luckily she did n't remove it from the box until the day after . It did n't even work for 5 minutes once we got it out of the box and she was heartbroken . We tried replacing the batteries but that did n't do it . I hopped right in the car and took it back to the store and exchanged for another . Amazingly the new one is still working . If I had it to do all over again , I would spend the money on something better and not this toy my daughter is worried will stop working if she plays with it .
 Broken after 1 hour . My 3 year old asked Santa for this toy . She was excited to open it but then it would n't work properly . It says only 1 phrase and wo n't `` go to sleep '' .
 My 21/2 yr-old daughter got this for Christmas and was in love with it immediately . However , after a few days of play , it quit working . I had a friend who also bought one for her daughter and she mentioned that they had trouble with the battery contacts , so we checked that but it still would n't work . We returned it and got a new one that worked . After about a week , the new one also broke . It sounds like it has a short in it and gets stuck on one phrase . The legs do n't work properly , either . Sadly , my daughter still hopes it will `` get better '' and still has it in her bed . Wish it was a better quality toy ... would have been great .
 I ca n't believe how duped I feel !!! This looked really cute on the box , and like it would be great fun for my baby and pony loving 3 year old . She does n't even play with this thing because it says the same 2-3 phrases over and over , and you have to get the bottle just right with a lot of pressure to get it to work ! It sounds like a robot in need of a new motor when it moves , and the legs pop out of joint too easy , so the thing does n't even stand up sometimes . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! If she likes ponies , get her the little ones and a doll , because the doll at least is not as awkward for her to hold .
 This was high on the list of MLP items that my Granddaughters usually love . Both of them received Good Morning Sunshine and neither one works properly . I have read the other reviews to try to find out what we may be doing wrong . The only thing they both do is say `` Good Morning , Mommy '' . I feel bad for the girls because the commercials were very convincing . I will keep reading the reviews in hopes that someone can tell us the solution . I did save the boxes but get tears when I suggested that we take them back . The toy has such a sweet face that they are very loved even if they do n't work . I feel duped by Hasbro .
 Can I start out by saying `` I wish Hasbro would start making toys like they used to ! '' This toy has performed simular to the quality of the MLP Castle , MLP Butterfly Island and MLP Dance Studio ... the fun does not last before it breaks , if it ever performs at all . My daughter loves the MLP line but other then the ponies themselves the toys are made of very poor quality . This pony was at the top of our daughters list after seeing the commercials . She received it on Christmas Eve and we still can not get the doll to work correctly . She has never slept or woken up from patting her back or drank from her bottle . We 've tried everything , no luck . My suggestion , if your children like this line , stick to the individual ponies and save your money.UPDATE
 My daughter got this Pony for Christmas . She loves My Little Ponys . After about 2 hours of play she brought it to me ... IT NO LONGER WORKED , at all . I thought maybe she had done something or that it was the batteries . So we tried everything ... still not working . Not even in Demo mode . So I came online to look at other customer reviews and realized I should have read them BEFORE buying it . How can HASBRO make and sale something that they have to know does this . All the toys are tested before hand right ? HORRIBLE !
 My 4 year old daughter loves her little pony , however , it stopped working . The head makes a grinding noise when it tries to move . It sleeps all of the time and we ca n't wake it up . My daughter loves it so much that she says `` It 's OK I will just keep it the way it is '' I have tried to explain that Santa would not want her to have a broken toy and he will fix it and send it back . I have tried to order another to replace the broken and I will trade it ... they are all out !
 Same story here as the previous two posts . My daughter opened this Christmas morning and happily played with it on and off for a couple hours . Then it stopped working . Figured it was just old batteries so I popped in a few fresh out of the blister pack but no deal
 My daughter , 4 , flipped when she saw this on TV . It looks so real ! It does n't live up to it in real life . We could only get it to work in demo mode . In play mode - nothing we did would wake it up even after changing the batteries ! Fortunately there were other toys to make up for this sad Christmas surprise !
 We got our daughter this pony and both my husband and I thought it was cute . Our daughter opened it with gusto Christmas morning , it 's now Christmas afternoon . The moment I switched it out of demo mode to play mode it no longer worked . It grindes mow , the head does n't move she no longer talks . Even when put back into Demo mode she is dead . So I have been dealing with a very unhappy little girl for Christmas because this is a poorly made product . It is also not soft and cuddly it has a hard inner core.Hasbro should be ashamed of this item .
 I bought this for my 4 and 6 year olds for Christmas thinking it would be really cute . They wanted them desperately . After opening it they were both really disappointed . My 6 year old asked if she could exchange it for something else . You have to press really hard to get the pony to make the sucking sounds with the bottle , it frustrated them both . I really thought it would do more ! It only has a couple of sayings and it just does n't interact much at all . I think for the price it was a rip off I ca n't believe it cost so much I truly expected more than this . I strongly recommend the Fur Real Friends toys they do so much for the same price my kids LOVE them .
 I ca n't believe what a waste of money this toy was . I also ca n't believe how good a commercial can make a toy look . My 4 year old daughter got this for Christmas and she played with it once . It 's now thrown in a toy bin . I guess it would be ok if it was $ 10 . It says 2 phrases . Good morning Mommy , let 's play . What fun is that ? It 's one of 3 toys that I wish I had saved the box for because I would take it back and get her something better .
 If you already have a house full of plastic toys , you will probably love this . It 's bright , it 's big , it 's quickly assembled and quickly broken . My kids got this as a gift , played with it for a couple of days , and then went back outside to the swingset , the bubbles , the sidewalk chalk , and other more active diversions .
 So basically I bought this as a joke for my roommate . I was so excited . Then I received the soap and it was a regular piece of face soap but there was a sticker covering a little hole in the back side with black powder . Not what I expected or would have desired in such a product . What seemed to be a white bar of soap that turns skin black , was nothing more then something my two year old sister could have made . Product FAIL .
 It 's tiny . And the dirt is in the middle with a little piece of tape over it . It 's so obvious that it 's a prank .
 I bought this for my cousin for Christmas . It stinks !!!!!! it broke open and leaked everywhere . Do not get this !!!!!!!!!!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!! This product is a one time use and it did n't even work the first time ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS LAME EXCUSE FOR A TOY !!
 I thought it would be funny but the thing is that the dye is inside of a small backdoor on the soap . The opening is covered with a piece of white cloth or tape or some kind of fabric . It takes a few times of use perhaps in the shower before the dye starts coming out . Either way its black dye and basically I do n't think this prank can go unnoticed with the way they back opening is on the soap . darn !
 Ok so I tell my sister to try it so we can prank our cousins and its just soap ... there is nothing dirty about it except the false advertising
 I used this product as a prank on a gullible child . She found the trick right away and it did n't work .
 when i went to go put this in my friend shower it broke in my hand and the dirty stuff got all over me so i pranked my self i guess . i ca n't speak for everyone but my experience was not a good one .
 We bought these at the end of the summer season hoping that we 'd be able to use them through fall and so far we have n't been able to use them yet . First off , very hard to see in the pic but the `` chain '' is that blue plastic coated chain . The links are smaller than normal playset equipment , so forget trying to hook it directly onto your swingset hooks -- they wont fit on ! They include 2 c-clips , not even the `` s '' clips as seen in the pic , to attach the rings to the chain . For anyone who has used c clips -- big pain ! Takes a long time to take on and off to adjust height . We still have n't been able to hang them because the chain not fitting on the hooks but our next hurdle after that will be to adjust the chain to normal height so our kids wont be swinging into the ground -- The `` chain '' does n't bend well and some of the `` links '' are mistakenly fused shut with that blue stuff ! These rings should n't be that difficult to use . If they showed up with NORMAL thickness chain and s clips it would have received 5 stars . I contacted them about the problem and they are currently sending us out smaller c clips to fit our set . Great , more c clips to tighten and un-tighten that still ultimately wo n't make these a functional product for us .
 You have to look really hard to figure out this is a kids set of Rings . I bought these thinking what a great price they were for rings only to find out that these `` Iron Man '' rings are in fact toys .
 This was our first ever Hot Wheels purchase and it will definitely be the last . The quality of the product is atrocious . It is extremely difficult to put the parts together , even for an adult , and everything falls apart again within minutes which leads to a great deal of frustration . I have never bought such an appallingly bad product in the 5 years that I have been buying toys and games for my son . Do not waste your money on this or any other Hot Wheels product .
 My son is very big into Hot Wheels and wanted Turbo Jet City for Christmas . What a disapointment . It is very large so you better have somewhere to put it . It has about a million stickers that do n't stay on very well . The helicopter never stays in place . The airplanes wings brake very easy . Not to mention that the little place do not stay in place . I exchanged it about a week after Christmas , because everything was braking and the called Hot Wheels and they sent a third one , but I 'll tell you all three on them kept braking . I wish Hot Wheels would come up with a toy that is durable and fun for the kids to play with .
 The commercials made it look really cool . My son 5 has been asking for one for a long time , since he really likes hotwheels . He is into airplanes and helicopters too and we thought this is the perfect toy . WRONG ! my son just received turbo jet city from Hotwheels for christmas . After it took me nearly two hours to put together , including attaching all the little stickers , it turns out to be a cheap plastic toy , that does n't do all the stunts shown on TV . The helicopter will not stay at the parking garage to wait for a car , if you try to load the helicopter it keeps flying off without attaching to its place only to fly off its connector arm . Same with the airplane , once a car finally made it to the plane it will not take off . If you try to get the car back out of it , the plane takes of with a snap and hit my son in the face . The little signs or decorations keep falling of as soon as you launch a car . We tried to reason with him that we will send it back to Santa and exchange it for something else , but he does n't want to because that is all he wanted for a long time . He is very disappointed and so are we . We ca n't even take it back to the store without avoiding tears and a broken heart . If you do n't want a disappointed child , stay away from this cheap manufactured toy , that manipulates children with their advertising .
 the manual just gives a picture with the toy assembled.will never buy anything from mattel again .
 I think any hot wheel toy is expected to come apart . The age for these toys should not be under 6 . Santa bought this for my three year old last year -LRB- now he 's four -RRB- and it definitely gets him frustrated , along with myself . The pure enjoyment of the toy does not really ever become an experience for him . I think the commercials should be banned from t.v. so kids do n't get to view the commercials and get sucked in to expensive wastes of time .
 My 5-year-old had to have this last Christmas . It 's impossible to keep all the pieces together , breaks easily and ca n't be put back together quickly . Plus , it takes up a lot of room -- especially for a toy that does n't get played with . Fun when it worked but even my kid does n't think it 's worth the effort .
 Do n't waste your money on this toy ! It took a long time to assemble and came with 75 sticker decals to attach . The `` jet '' broke almost immediately -LRB- it 's made of flimsy foam -RRB- , the helicopter does n't fly correctly and the ramps fall apart too easily . My son does n't have any fun with this toy , instead he gets frustrated and irritated that it does n't work like the T.V. commercial shows . So please , please do n't spend a dime for this toy .
 This is the first -LRB- and last -RRB- HotWheels toy I buy for my 4 year old son . He was really excited about it so he got it for Christmas -LRB- in spite of the ... price tag -RRB- . It took close to an hour to assemble and I do n't think I ever finished putting the 100 or so stickers on it ... First launch out of the box , and the styrofoam wing broke off of the plane . I 'd have given it a higher `` fun '' rating if it were not constantly falling apart because my son does enjoy playing with it . He just needs me to constantly come over and fix something that has fallen apart . Unfortunately , this is not the only toy this Christmas that we had such problems with . I find it disgusting that companies can get away with such shoddy workmanship .
 This will be the last Hot Wheels trap I will fall into . With 2 boys , ages 4 and 6 it is hard to not listen when this junk is on their santa list . The thing falls apart almost instantly . What a disappointment to the young and old ! I even tried hot glueing the thing together . It just plain fails in all areas . Hope Hot Wheels improves or they will be another failed company .
 This toy is a booger to put together . Once it is together you can not move it easily , all of the parts need reassembling . My almost 4-year old was initially very excited ; however his enthusiasm quickly wore off . Not a great choice , he enjoys driving his cars off the couch more then this .
 Great commercials will get you to buy this toy , but its hard to put together and needs constant adjusting to work . Once put together , kids ' toys should just work without tinkering . The parts do n't stay in place and it just does these little one - shot gimmicks . Hot Wheels are a fun part of any boys ' toy chest , but if you want a Hot Wheels toy that plays like it should , get Octoblast .
 My son loved the `` idea '' of this toy , had to have it for Christmas . My husband and I spent a huge amount of time trying to assemble it and it broke almost immediately . They cried and were frustrated . It is also very large to store and does n't disassemble easily -LRB- except by the breaking -RRB- . I wo n't be purchasing another item from this company !
 My boys -LRB- 5 & 2 -RRB- really liked this toy but we had a lot of trouble keeping it put together . The wings on the styrofoam plane broke rather easily . At the discount price this toy is a buy . But at the full price I paid last Christmas , I 'm disappointed in the durability & assembly .
 This was given to our son as a gift . Once all of the pieces are put together , some of them do not stay together . Some of the so-called functioning parts never worked right even when everything was set up properly . My son lost interest in it VERY quickly .
 My 4yr . old son wanted this so badddd !!!! . What a waste of money . Very expensive toy that does not stay together . Air plane with foam wings broke first launch off pad ! Helicopter does not stay in place ! I have nothing good to say about this toy . HotWheels failed with this one !
 This toy was VERY hard to assemble and constantly falls apart -LRB- even when not moved -RRB- . The helicopter is very hard for a child to operate -LRB- in the way it was intended -RRB- . The airplane is extremely fragile too . My son was very disappointed in the Turbo Jet City . We have returned it . Very bad design . The Hot Wheels `` Octoblast '' is a MUCH better choice .
 My son has too many hotwheels and matchbox cars ! I 've spent too much money on useless junk . This would be one of the items . It had 75 decals and the first time he play with it the sticker on the plane started to curl -LRB- please note that this sticker was one of the few decals that was pre-applied -RRB- . After over an hour of assembly the item was done , and I mean that literally . Please do n't buy this , if you have to buy anything for your little car fan you should consider the matchbox rescue carwash . It takes a severe beating without falling apart . Michelle
 Once again Hot Wheels has designed another toy set that does n't work as well as it is supposed to and is difficult to assemble . My 41/2 year old wanted this set for several months . He has played with it twice since getting it . The plane broke almost immediatedly -LRB- it is made of styrofoam -RRB- , the helocopter has never stayed in place , and he has become disenchanted with it . My suggestion is to skip this set and try another one with fewer moving parts .
 NOT ONLY WAS THIS TOY A PAIN TO ASSEMBLE , BUT ONCE THE CARS AND AIRPLANES STARTED FLYING , WE ALL HAD TO RUN FOR COVER ! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TOY FOR ANY CHILD ! THE JET AIRPLANE TAKES OFF WITH SUCH FORCE THAT IT IS EXTREMELY DANGEROUS . AFTER IT HIT MY SON IN THE FACE , WE PUT IN ALL IN A HEFTY BAG TO BE RETURNED TO THE MANUFACTURER . IF THERE IS ANY TOY THAT NEEDS TO BE RECALLED FOR SAFETY REASON , IT 'S THIS ONE .
 This toy is very commercialized . It is not what it is made out to be . A waste of money . I would rather spend 38.88 -LRB- cheapest price I could find on it -RRB- and buy my son another remote control car than purchase this time consuming toy . The stickers are around 50 of them and it took forever to set up ! Pieces keep falling off the parts and it just is n't as enticing as the commercial is . Very dissappointed !
 This is a horrid toy . I would have given it zero stars for durability that is not an option . The concept is cute , but this thing falls apart all the time and the parent has to keep putting it back together for the frustrated child . Cheaply made , definitely not worth the forty dollars .
 My seven year old son got this for Christma , and hes already bord with it . It loses its fun fter about 20 minuttte - all you can do is set it up and watch cars go around in a circle . This is true with mosttoys like this . Get your kid something he or she can use again and again , like LEGOs ormatchbox cars.Often it 's cheaper to get something like that than a huge , expensive thing like the octoblast .
 When we were playing with my Octoblast the battery compartment got so hot it started smoking , and my sister and I both burned our fingers . We had only been playing for about 20 minutes when this happened . Now I 'm afraid to put batteries back in it and try playing again .
 Save your money - the screeching racket this thing makes will drive parents crazy and my boys -LRB- age 7 and 4 -RRB- lost interest after 5 minutes . The cars constantly got stuck or fell off and even when they did n't there 's nothing for kids to do except sit and watch - zero participation .
 This little trick is cool , but I dont ever really use it . it seems kinda awkward and you cant let them look at it which turns me off .
 This is just two pencils with a page or two of finely printed instructions . Your child needs to be really motivated to do magic to get anything out of this . I would not say this is a very good value for the money .
 Although aluminum package was beatiful -LRB- not torn -RRB- , 25 % -LRB- 1 section -RRB- was completely broken . Maybe it might have been dropped or by similar reason before shipping . -LRB- wrapping for final shipping was perfect -RRB- This type of glassware has to be taken a special care of before shipping -LRB- as well as after shipping -RRB- .
 `` The order is shipped pretty quick , but amounts short , contacted the seller many times , no response , then contacted Amazon as a complaint , then the seller called second day promising immeidate shipment , that shipment never happened . Emailed to seller again , no response . Finally after 24 days , I asked Amazon to get reimbursement . So far after 30 days , I have not received the 2nd box , though another sales rep promised to ship the 2nd box , have not received as of 6/1/2009 . Though coverslips very good , MedStock provides awful survice , no response , expensive shipping fee . ''
 My son liked blowing up the balloons , that 's about all it 's good for . The cars do n't go straight . Quality is like cheapo dollar store .
 The product is ok for what it is . Just do n't have any great expectations . Its the kind of toy that my 5-yr-old nephew played with for like 15 mins and then he 's never picked it up again ... although he really enjoyed it for those 15-mins . So , overall , I would not recommend it .
 its impossible to set up the balloon and move the vehicle.overall , its not a toy for kids to play with !
 Got this for my Grandson and it is poorly designed ... zipper catches on the plastic divider inside . No instructions or suggestions on how to pack all they say will fit in it ... and we sure could n't get all the stuff in . Spend your money on some other item ... maybe they will redesign it . It probably was a good idea ... just does n't seem to work well .
 Huge waste of money , the lace is garbage , tools are garbage , never use oil on a glove . There is nothing in this kit worth buying . there is nice lace on Ebay and always use Pecard 's Leather care on your glove .
 My 2 year old loves this drum , but the top of the drum ripped within a week . It is made out of something like a heavy paper . A toy car fell onto the drum . While the drum clearly is n't made for that , it was not a heavy toy or a long drop . It was one of those things that happen often in a house with a child . I would purchase a drum with a different kind of material on the playing surface next time . Something a bit more sturdy .
 for the price , this drum is not a good value . It is very similar to one purchased 2 years ago at a toy store for 1/2 the price .
 A really nice drum . It sounds loud and kids love it . Unfortunately , the drum skin did n't last long and was destroyed by a three year old within days . Not sure what the cover was made out of , only a sort of paper . It was really was weak . Luckily there are two sides that are playable on this drum and the second side is hanging in there under adult supervision -LRB- but kids naturally want to whack this thing of course -RRB- . If the makers provided extra and better quality drum `` skin '' , then this drum should last a while and be a 5 star product -LRB- that ca n't cost them much -RRB- . It is relatively easy to take apart and reassemble , but parents of toddlers do n't want to spend those rare moments of time they have to themselves to locate , buy and reassemble parts to newly purchased toys .
 I got these for a party and never successfully assembled or displayed them . I kept reading the elusive instructions trying to figure out what I did wrong and I came to the conclusion that it 's not me , it 's the paper lanterns ! When/if you purchase these , you will receive a string of lights as well as the little paper lanterns that are flattened . It is your job to expand the paper lanterns -LRB- easy enough -RRB- and attach them to the string of lights -LRB- impossible -RRB- . The problem is that there is no way to attach them so they stay on ! I ripped several of the little paper lanterns in the process of trying to get them to stay on and threw the rest in a corner after getting extremely frustrated with them . They 've never been assembled or displayed , unfortunately . Do not buy these , they are a complete waste of your money and energy !
 These came out of the box nice , but faded after only a few weeks . The shades are pretty small . The string is rather short .
 This might make a good project for a cub-scout den , but as a functional bird house , it is really cheap . It is so small that it would take a &#34; miniature bird &#34; to use it .
 I bought these as a simple project for my grand daughters thinking how enjoyable it would be to watch them put them together . They were excited to get started but as soon as they started ... they had to stop . After following the directions ... lining up the front and back walls to the holes in the floor piece and gluing them in place , the side wall pieces were 3/8 &#34; too long to fit . They went from being excited and having fun to being bored while I spent the time trimming the side wall pieces to fit .
 When including shipping , not a good value for the cost . Directions are poor . Author does not know the difference between 90 degrees and 45 degrees . Roof is not attached to the body of the birdhouse . The directions for attaching the suspension chain are not clear . Probably should not paint as the smell of the paint is likely to keep birds away . The house is small , perhaps too small for a nesting small bird family . Exposed nails are likely to rust.For this total cost , I would expect a more substantial product . This is not apparent from the on-line description of the product .
 Judging from the other great reviews on this product , I 'm going to chalk this up to a defective unit . As stated in other reviews , the instructions are less than desirable as illustrations of the steps would be better than just plain text instructions . However that was n't the major problem with this birdhouse . After putting the front and back on the base of the house , the instructions called for the sides to be installed . Only problem was the sides did n't fit at all . In fact putting the sides in caused the front and back to bend forward and backward , breaking the base of the front and back where the nails were located . With that being said , it was a $ 10 dollar bird house kit so I could n't expect a whole lot but the parts should at least fit .
 The size and quality of this tiny birdhouse is not worth the price . It 's not very stable , and I would worry about any bird who choses it to build a nest in . For that reason , I had to retro fit it so that the bottom would n't fall out once the weight begins to increase with growing baby birds . The holes in the roof to hang the chain is a poor design . This may be fine for birds in China , but not for the birds in my San Antonio backyard .
 I had to go buy hooks to complete the project . I shop online to avoid such hassles , so I am very unhappy about my experience .
 I bought 2 of these kits for my kids that wanted to build bird houses . I would not recommend this product to anyone . The pieces fit very poorly and some of the wood was warped -LRB- both kits -RRB- . I really should have taken some pictures before I threw them away . 1 of the kits was missing a couple nails , the other kit was missing one of the hooks for the chain . The kits are also REALLY small when put together , so if you are expecting birds to live in it I hope you have really small birds where you live.I wound up going to a local craft store and picking out a better , larger kit for the same price .
 I bought this bird house for my 4 year old . None of the parts fits in the predrilled . holes , so I use a nail gun , to make it fit . the hole for the bird is so small that no bird will ever fit in it . I gave her the paints that came with the kit to her to play with &#65292; and bought a premade bird house .
 My son wanted this item so badly for Christmas and I finally broke down and got it . Nothing works on it ! The base is n't working -LRB- with the required 14 or so batteries -RRB- , one of the Rangers does n't fit in properly , and the LED light stays on one of the transmitters even in the `` off '' position . Great concept , terribly made , waste of money . Will be returning it tomorrow .
 A non-intuitive product which fails to pick up the players ' direction .
 My kids wanted this for months and we were ? lucky ? enough to find it clearanced in our local store about a year ago . We only paid a clearance price for it and I almost felt guilty when I sold it for $ 5 on a garage sale . The kids had fun when it worked , but unfortunately that was n't often and they quuickly lost interest in it . What a waste of plastic .
 My son also wanted this and I was n't going to go for it but he told Santa it was the thing he most wanted . Pieces were missing , the figures did not fit well into the base and one of the figures was defective - would n't kick . Very cumbersome with wires hanging off your children . Returned and did not replace .
 The contents of this very large box could be found at any dollar store , and can fit in 2 ziplock sandwhich bags.The anometer is a joke . It would take a 10 mph wind just to budge it , and they did not include the 9v battery . The phrase `` Craker Jack box '' comes to mind.The only saving grace for my $ 20 investment was that my 9 yo daughter seems really interested in doing the experiments . But we 'll have to make a trip to the dollar or craft stores to get what is needed for most of the experiements.Nice concept , grossly overpriced with cheesey parts.I would gladly have paid 5 times the price to find a quality science weather kit , but they do n't exist .
 I am very disappointed . We put a brand new battery in the wind meter , and it still does not work . Cheap kit , not many activities for my child to do . Not at all what I was expecting . Wont buy again .
 I just got this house for my daughter that is 22 months , she likes it , but it does not hold her interest too long . she might play for 5 min . and that is it . The reason I find , is that it needs more of what they call `` house sounds '' it only makes 3 ! sounds and that is all , the cat says miau , a baby says mama , and the phone rings ... . that is all ! It also lacks of more colors or details.I was expecting a bit more for what I paid and I am sure my daughter too ...
 I bought this for my daughter -LRB- 21/2 -RRB- for her birthday because she was very entertained by one of these little houses for a long while at a discount store and also with the same house which a friend of mine bought for her daughter -LRB- same age -RRB- . The problem ?? This is n't the same model!The only one that is available for purchase now has been stripped of about HALF THE FEATURES of the earlier model . The toilet no longer makes flushing sounds , the computer no longer makes noise , the washing machine no longer makes noise . This model kept my daughter happy for about 5 minutes before she got bored and played with the bus instead . Little People products have been pretty good so far but they 've made a huge error with this one . I am appauled that they 've re-released this toy as a stripped down version of the original!If you want a really good one buy a used older model one on an auction site -LRB- without the kittens in the kitchen -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this `` new improved '' one .
 I bought two fifty piece sets for my son . I was very disappointed to find that only 8 out of fifty pieces were eight point rectangular bricks . The set includes 26 four point squares , 12 two point triangles , 4 four point triangles , and only 8 rectangular bricks . It 's very frustrating to build with these blocks because the tiny blocks do n't have any spanning capability . The slanted pieces are only useful to top off . The blocks are soft , so they do n't lock like a hard plastic lego . These blocks do n't join well , and there are too few bricks , so it almost impossible to make anything creative . This is honestly the most disapointing and expensive purchase I have ever made . The rectangular bricks are not available for purchase separately .
 My son received this toy for his third birthday . I was excited because while he can count , he does n't yet connect quantities with a numeral.However , this toy takes up a lot of space but he does n't ever play with it . Occasionally my one year old will pull out all of the pieces -LRB- playground equipment , easel and ten little people -RRB- and leave them all over the living room . The problem with the toy is that all of the feature are very one dimensional . You can do one thing with each of the four pieces , so there is no room for imagination.But neither child enjoys playing with it , so the chances of it having educational value are low.Big points for not having annoying flashing lights and keeping the annoying noises to a minimum , though !
 I am sick and tired of ALL the toys out there having to have sounds and some sort of `` educational '' purpose . Kids this age do n't learn from a TOY . They do n't care that the toy asked them to find the red star . My son like virtually all little kids just hits the buttons over and over . Kids learn from mom and dad . Unfortunetly my mother got this toy from my son 's 3rd birthday . Since it was from grandma I ca n't ditch it . Grandparents never do listen when you tell them what you want for your kids . I have locked it away in a plastic prison box and will only remove it when I HAVE to .
 It looks like a lump of brown plastic -- shiny -- reddish / brown - plastic - looking . Not what I wanted , but it was pretty cheap .
 If you are looking at this product you either A -RRB- Were so bored that you did a random search for `` poo '' and this came up , or B -RRB- Are actually considering buying fake poo online.I am I guess what you can say a fake poo expert . And I must say , this product is rubbish . As I said in the title , this is the laughing stock of the fake poo world . The company that made this should honestly quit the fake poo making business . Making fake poo of this calibur is downright embarrasing.With that being said , go do a google search for fake poo . You 'll be stunned with the amazing products that come up .
 The consistency is all off . When you throw it , it does n't stick to anything . It 's odorless and it tastes like plastic !! Why pay shipping and handling for something I can get for free !
 After a short shipping time , I eagerly opened the package of what I was hoping was a great prank to pull around the house as we have three dogs which can be used as scapegoats . Upon opening the packaging for the fake doo-doo , it appeared entirely too shiny and symmetrical like a six-pointed star with a vertical lump to one side . Additionally , the bottom was warped . Not a good start.The first prank attempted was in a dimly lit hallway on two teenage girls . Having carefully selected a spot between their bedrooms waiting for them to get home from school , the fake poop was placed halfway on a wash rag off to the side of the hall . Upon their arrival , the older of the two just walked past it and said flatly ` nice ' . The second walked over to it , pondered it for a moment , completely disregarded it , and went on her merry way.Having failed at pulling one over on them , I proceeded to place it strategic locations including in chairs , refrigerator , next to a toilet , and waited for reactions - of which none were convinced that the plastic squeezins were real in the slightest . Even placing it in an empty dog food bowl resulted in dog food being dumped on top of it and the dogs eating around it -LRB- it did n't even fool them -RRB- . Having noticed that the plastic poo disappeared for some time , I figured it was tossed by someone weary of the antics , only to discover it was lovingly adhered via two-sided foam tape to the rearmost portion of the roof of my SUV , just out of my view during regular day to day activity , but in full view of other cars and traffic.Looks like the joke was on me with this item.Pros
 I ordered this , and was very pleased with how quickly the product got to me , and how it was packaged . Once opened the , product had a plastic like sheen on it , that looked slighty shiny.Pros
 nobody will fall for it . However , I doctored it to make it work . If you put shellac on it to make it shine it looks fresh and wet and people at least take a second look . There are better ones out there that really do look real . I wouild not buy this one again .
 My daughter received this for her 6th birthday . It is a big piece of junk . The nail polish bottles were only half full and the polish was really thick . The glitter dome did not work at all how it was described . The compact in the middle can only open if the top is turned a certain way -LRB- it rotates on its base -RRB- otherwise it knocks over everything in the additional storage spots -LRB- For nail polish and glitter -RRB- . Do not waste your money on this !
 This is the lamest toy ever ! I have never purchased such a cheaply made or practically useless toy . The glitter dome does not work at all . We applied the glitter by hand . The vanity `` drawers '' are hard to slide open or to close . The sticker rolls do not stay `` rolled '' on the little attachment . Overall , you pay money for 5 crappy nail polishes and some nail stickers . Those are the only working items in the box . Kind of makes me want to avoid RoseArt products in general .
 No matter how fun this looks on the shelves , I strongly advise you NOT to buy it . It is a waste of time and money . The sticks would just not stick , the fake nails would n't stay on , and the nail polish ? EWWWW ! It was all thick and creamy and absolutely disgusting ! My little sister received this for Christmas and we started to put it together . But wait ! It was impossible ! The little compartments did n't fit everything and the thing made a huge mess ! My little sister was so disappointed ... if you want a sad kid , get this . If you want to make your kid happy , WALK RIGHT BY .
 Santa brought this for our girls . They like the idea of it but get a little frustrated . The nail polish washes off and wont ' stay on at all on the plastic fake nails . Plus the fake nails wont stay on their fingers . The stickers fall off , the mirror broke off almost immediately , the glitter dome/nail dryer does n't work at all . Overall , it is very disappointing and frustrating . Skip this one .
 The quality on this product is very very poor . The nail polish washes off with water , and does not go on smoothly . It is not real polish . The glitter dome does n't work . The glitter must be in EXACTLY the right place , and the fan does n't blow it around . We ended up applying the glitter by hand , which worked OK . The product itself is made of very cheap plastic.For the price , you would be MUCH better off putting together your own nail spa kit for your children . The products would all be higher quality , and you would spend less.I have returned this product . It is no fun for my 7 year old to spend a lot of time on her nails , only to have the polish wash off as soon as she touches water .
 I do n't expect toys to last forever . However , this product is terribly disappointing from the moment it is opened . The stickers do n't come off the sheet properly to apply , the nails do n't stay on , nor does the nail polish . The glitter dome does n't work and the battery compartment is awkward to reach . It is one thing to be a cheap toy , it is another to provide no entertainment or fun at all ! This toy was frustrating and in the end useless and no toy should make a child sad . If we had n't assembled it and attempted to use it already , I 'd return it . As it is , it is headed for the trash already and it was opened less than 24 hours ago .
 I just opened up this product for my 4 year old daughter who received this from Santa . First off , it was missing instructions ... . Secondly , my daughter ripped open all of the little packages to take out the polish and glitter and stuff because she was so excited ! I tried 3 times to put the stickers on the roll , finally the 4th time stuck . After about 3 minutes of that , she opened the top and the mirror broke off . After that , she loaded all of the polish into several areas that was supposed to house them -LRB- that is what is shown in the picture , but it really is not that way -RRB- , I remembered it needed batteries . The battery cover is akward to reach , so everything fell out when I opened the battery door.After all this , my daughter and her friend almost lost interest ! They grabbed the nails and started to paint them , but the paint -LRB- or whatever it is supposed to be - it 's not real polish !! -RRB- did n't stick to the nails . So we tried polishing their real nails , and this stuff came out so thick and streaky . Its pretty gross . We then tried the dryer and glitter blower to no avail . What a dissapointment!My daughter was so surprised and excited to have a nail salon of her own ! But now instead of smiles , she just walked away from it . Even though we used this , I am putting it back into the box and returning it . It does n't work anyhow . I 'd rather use the money to buy REAL nail polish , nail files , glitter , fake nails and a nail dryer that I know will work!Don ' t waste your money !!!
 Do NOT waste your money . Instead of `` Shimmer n ' Sparkle '' - it 's more like `` Sham n ' Spackle '' . There is not enough storage space for all of the `` parts '' , the sticker roll is a nightmare-it will not hold the stickers , the glitter dome does not work-the glitter just lies there , the nail polish is cheap and peals or washes right off -LRB- althought the blue polish did stain my nails after the polish pealed off -RRB- - it also does not stick well to the plastic nails , the drying station makes a lot of noise but does n't do any drying , need I go on ... ? I 'm looking for my receipt now to return this hunk o ' junk
 Not worth the money - the glitter station does n't work very well , the fake nails do n't stay on , the polish is pretty bad , and the sticker roll does n't hold the stickers right . But my 6 year old and my 3 year old really like it .
 I purchased this on Black Friday , NOT from Amazon where I always read the reviews first . This thing is a waste of money . The nail polish does n't stay on , the glitter station/dome does not work AT ALL , the manicure station is a bit risky for a 7-year old . I tried it to file my own nails and said `` OW ! '' several times . Wish I could return it but she 's already used it . : -LRB-
 This so-called toy should be one of the cheap $ 5 toys at a dollar store . The only things that seemed to be entertaining was the nail polish and bottles of glitter . The glitter is of course everywhere since there is not a salt shakers type cap , no portion control . For $ 20 I expected better than this . Not only was I disappointed , but so was my 4 year old . It 's super hard to disappoint a small child with a new toy but she did n't like it either .
 Do n't bother buying this . Its a huge waste of money . My daughter was so excited for this . We got home and I got batteries in it -LRB- which was awkward to get to -RRB- . I tried getting the stickers to stick on the roll , and failed and gave up . My daughter attempted to paint the fake nails & the paint didnt stick to them at all . I filed the nails on the top hoping to get it to stick , it still would n't . She ended up using real nail polish to paint them . After they dried we tried putting the nails on her , what a disaster . The glue would n't come off the paper it comes on . Finally I ended up just painting her nails with real nail polish . She wanted to use the glitter dome . We followed the directions on how to use it & it did n't work at all . None of the glitter ended up on her nails . I just put it on withit the dome . I can honestly say I have never been so disappointed in a toy . Nothing on here worked . I contacted RoseArt & complained to them about it . Im waiting to hear back from them . If I could give it zero stars I would !
 Children played with it about 1 hour and put it up . Did not keep them entertained for long .
 I got this product for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas.She had a lot of fun with it while I let her play with it . However , as soon as I heard thewords `` MOVE '' instead of excuse me please , and the sun calling the moon `` DUMMY '' . That was it . We have taught our granddaughter to be polite . She says please , thank you , and excuse me . I think this toy is teaching the wrong things to small children . They will learn rudeness soon enough at school , they do n't need to learn it at home .
 Unfortunately I did not read the reviews before I got this ; I have to say I agree with the issues other reviewers have raised . The characters are dull , the interactions are too simple , and what 's taught in some cases is exactly what you do n't want -LRB- the name-calling others have mentioned -RRB- . On top of that , there is an annoying copy-protection scheme that everyone else in the world has abandoned , requiring CD to be in drive . Bizarre since the software is useless without their special keyboard . I have a notebook computer with no CD drive - I install software over home network and run it off hard disk - and when trying to set this up I spent an hour trying to figure out a way , before concluding that it 's not possible . It 's just as well since I 'll be throwing this item away anyway -LRB- do n't want even to donate it and subject another family to it -RRB- but I wish I had n't wasted the time .
 the product must be hooked up to a computer . since we only have laptops , my son has access to their keyboards when he plays with this ... we 've already lost a few letters for typing , and they ca n't be put back . do n't want to think what would have happened if he would have swallowed the keys.my son is 13 months . he can activate the controls and all , but gets bored very quickly - and then goes straight for the laptop.i think it would be even more boring for an older child . I only have the first disk that comes with the controls , so maybe other disks are more interesting -LRB- I should hope -RRB- . it 's good for 5-10 minutes of activity , but the damage to the laptops is not worth it .
 I did a lot of research before purchasing this computer . I read a lot of rave reviews , but was greatly dissapointed ! First it was great -LRB- 1 week -RRB- , then we had problems , it would show upside down on the screen , we fixed that , then we had no keyboard , the cd itself worked . I have written twice to the customer service over the span of 7months and I still have n't got a response . I would call , but no number on their website . go with Leapster instead , do n't waste your money .
 I have never taken the time to write a review like this but feel like I would like to save another child from the disappointment of getting attached to a toy that does not hold up . My son loved this system but after dropping it on the floor twice in one day it was gone . The system was only 6 months old but is in now way designed for the real life wear of a toddler . I called customer service -LRB- after the online tech support and customer service did not work -RRB- and the person on the other end told me that the warranty was good for 3 months , laughed at me for inquiring about tech support and offered a `` replacement '' at a higher price than online for an entire system . I will be returning all of the software I just purchased for Christmas and have to disappoint my son because there is no way I am giving this company any more money . Some may suggest waiting until he 's older , but then the software is not reported to be a very good fit for older children . Sad that such a great company has no integrity or any level of customer service . Do n't waste your money , time or heartbreak . There are other more durable systems out there .
 We bought this for our toddler for potty training . I usually always brings reviews to Toys-r-Us before I buy anything but this was a spur of the moment purchase . This doll smells horrible -LRB- my daughters room smells like it now -RRB- and she potty 's out of her neck . Not great .
 My daughter received this doll for her 2nd birthday and loves it ! However it is extremely smelly . When she plays with it she starts to cough . I have washed it many times and the smell will not fade . I would not recomend this doll .
 Got this doll to aid in potty training . It 's really cute , and realistic -LRB- except the neck joint is a little wierd -RRB- , but it wets as it is drinking , and leaks out the joints . The doll is perfumed , which is ok , but they might mention that on the box . The smell is a little strong . The clothes that came with it were a little tight , too . Pretty much impossible for my two-year-old to put them on .
 I got this doll to help with potty training ... BIG MISTAKE !! The scent does n't bother me . It does say that it is scented on the box , so I expected that . But when you `` feed '' the baby water , it just runs straight out of the bottom -LRB- do not pass go , do not collect $ 200 . -RRB- If the stupid doll would just have a squeeze spout like every bath toy at the 99 cent store , it would have been perfect . But as it is , the baby must be sitting on the potty when you feed her , or it is teaching that you should pee wherever you are standing . This baby does NOT teach my daughter that she can `` hold it '' until she gets to the potty , I have a watery mess , and I ca n't tell if my daughter has had an `` accident '' or if she was just feeding the baby . To top it all off , the binky that comes with the doll will not stay in the doll 's mouth , which upsets my daughter to no end . The only saving grace is that I did not pay the Amazon price . I can not believe anyone would have the gall to ask almost $ 40 for this doll ! I would be beyond angry if I had paid that price !! Contrary to the name , there is NOTHING to love about this doll . Do NOT buy unless you want to promote aggravation and poor potty habits for your child .
 We bought this toy for our 11/2 year old b/c he likes toys that are musical but we wanted to incorporate more educational values than simply music . Needless to say , he is now 22 months old and the toy is hardly played with -LRB- whichi s good b/c it seems to burn through batteries -RRB- . I alos find it extremely annoying . I 'll pass on this for gifts and future children .
 I bought this toy for my 16 month old son , who seems to enjoy it , but gets bored with it quickly . I find it to be very annoying , mostly because it does not say the words entirely correct . It pronounces Ladybug as LadybuD . It does the same for a couple other words as well . The difference is not really enought to concern me , but I would prefer a teaching toy , to teach correctly . I would not buy this toy again .
 This is one of the most annoying toys on the planet . My daughter likes it , but the voice is SO irritating . Worse yet even when she is not playing with it , it `` talks '' and beeps . The best thing about this toy is the off switch .
 We registered for most of the malawi theme . However unfortunatly when the pictures arrived there was shipping damage . The quality of the wood frame is very poor . The pieces are glued together instead of an actual frame . Please be aware if you are to have these items shipped . You are better off going to the store to purchase .
 We just received this in the mail - I ordered it for my daughter 's birthday , as she has been wanting her very own Gizmo since I introduced her to the Gremlins movie . The fur is separating from the ear , there is glue on both the eyes , there are random strings coming from the neck and head , it does n't dance or even move for that matter . It only sings . I tried changing the batteries , in hopes that was the problem , but not the case . I am going to try to order another one and return this one in hopes that we get one that works .
 The one I received sings but does not move . I am having to return it , wondering if I should reorder or just forget it ...
 The toy is super cute , but yeah my Gizmo does n't dance . Especially sucky as this was to be a Christmas present which is in 3 days . Boo !
 Never received product . Received and email instead stating that the product was returned to the seller in a `` damaged '' condition . Was very disappointed in this ...
 I bought this for my sons for Christmas . For starters , someone left it on and the batteries were corroded . It worked before I wrapped it . I turned it off . A few minutes later , when the kids unwrapped it , it no longer worked . I 've tried everything and NOTHING ! IT DOES N'T WORK ! The kids were so disappointed . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK !
 The toy we received did n't look like the plush toy in the photo . It looked smashed and was poor quality . Yes , it sings and dances but it looks like a very , very USED toy and not the new , plush toy I was expecting . I am extremely disappointed .
 I bought this for my daughter because she loves to sing and sound like Gizmo when she sings . It did n't work at all ! I tried changing the batteries , but nothing . It also is kind of cheaply made . So disappointed because I think she would 've loved it , if only it had worked .
 I got this as a gift for a friend . mine does sing and dance , But Looks like crap to be honest . The fur is glued on very poorly . There are sharp pieces of dried glue sticking out all over around the eyes , mouth and ears . You can barely see one of the eyes casue the fur was pretty much glued on on top of it , insted beside of it . Since christmas is tomorrow i had no time to find a replacement . I repaired it the best i could . I remember see these in the mall years ago and they were awesome , what happened ???
 This bird feeder is a joke . It is really small . The pre-drilled holes were too deep for the nails to grab .
 If you bought this toy in 2004 and RUSHED out to get the extra dolls , you are generally happy with it , as you will see in the reviews below . But if you bought it post 2005 , when the extra dolls were no longer available -LRB- although the ballet studio is still in stores -RRB- you 'll have either 1 -RRB- have a very lonely Cinderlla twilling around the floor , or 2 -RRB- a very angry Mommy or Daddy who need to shell out -LRB- ... -RRB- these now `` rare '' `` collectors item .
 This toy is great however ; the `` sold separately '' dolls that go with it are completely unavailable in stores ; and on-line ... for that I do n't recommend buying this toy
 I like this toy but I do get very tired of having to put it back together . It keeps falling apart . My son is very cautious playing with this but I get so tired of him saying to me `` MAMA it fell apart again . '' I think they should rethink the construction of this toy .
 Comes apart easily - easy to damage -LRB- it 's targeted at 2 year olds but is not durable enough for them -RRB- . I rate Duplos as better for 2 year olds - Dupolos are more fun as they allow more opportunities to build . Bob sets are not worth the money - get Duplos instead !
 This marker goes on pretty messily on nonporous surfaces . Very useless for the surface I was going to use it on , namely metal firearm magazines . It works ok on cardboard and paper where the excess paint cam be absorbed by the material , if that 's the type of application you will be using it for then it should work well .
 I wanted to paint on material , but it just soaks right through and does not leave a clear , sharp image . Might be fine for other surfaces , but not much good on cloth .
 This is really more of a craft project than anything.It involves painting the `` Milk Carton '' and gluing onstickers.It is not a radio assembly project , which is what I waslooking for . No soldering or anything - it comes as a sealedfinished project that you decorate with the included supplies.It 's fine if that is what you are looking for , but if youwant an electronics project look elsewhere .
 I bought this for my son for his 5th birthday , because he loves Power Rangers so much right now . It is a rather stupid toy , the power ranger is molded onto the dragon so it ca n't be removed , the colors it shows on the description page , is not the colors you get . It looked as if someone got lazy and did n't want to finish painting it , the wings are solid red , not colored with the blue paint like it shows . Really is nothing but a collector 's item to display .
 We bought this along with the Spider-Man Interactive 14 '' and watched as our two young boys pushed the remote controls and watched as the figures traded quips and made fighting movements.And we watched it again.And again.By the fourth round , even our kids were tired of the toys , because you ca n't `` do '' anything else with them . They are bulky and require the plastic stands to stand upright -LRB- there are little pegs that snap into the characters ' feet -RRB- . Luckily , I was able to use rechargable AAA batteries . A couple days later , we slipped the batteries out of the toys and put them to use elsewhere in the house . Our kids never noticed.If you are looking for some kid-friendly , Spider-Man action figures , check out the Hasbro line from the new WB cartoon series , `` The Spectacular Spider-Man . `` If you are looking for a talking lamp , minus the light , buy this .
 First observation `` out of the box . '' Decals for nose art , and wings are only provided for ONE SIDE although instruction show placement for `` missing '' decals . In `` pre-assembly '' placement of internal components -LRB- cockpit & intake blank plate -RRB- difficult since locating features are inadequate . Mating of fuselage halves difficult due to former comment and minimal indexing pins . Wing tip and tail tips warped .
 This is a skill-level 2 model kit . It is not a finished plane and NOT for young children . Decals are especially difficult to apply .
 I was always fond of Lite Brite when I was a kid and so I thought my kids would have just as much fun as I did . I decided to go with the cube/travel combo . The cube was slightly disappointing because -LRB- being vertical -RRB- the pegs frequently fall out . The travel Lite Brite is just poorly constructed . The unit turns on with the push of a button , but will not turn off . The batteries must be removed for the bulb to go off . This is the second travel Lite Brite I have had with the same problem . Junk !!! I would not recommend this product to my worst enemy .
 This toy was purchased for my son . He loves using it but was very disappointed when the picture papers ran out . Only 8 were supplied with this toy !!! The trays are also too small to fish the pegs out so he winds up dumping them on the floor instead . The pegs fall out easily when placed on the screen and the unit itself has that bad plastic smelling odor . I would n't recommend this toy .
 This toy is completely useless . They have made the pegs shorter , so that they do not stay in place . My daughter -LRB- 3 -RRB- was so frustrated with it that I came to help her . Every time I -LRB- and I am 40 years old -RRB- put a peg in , several others fell out . If I had been by myself , I would have been swearing like a sailor ! Do not waste your money ! To top it all off , they only give you 8 pages of pictures . Ugh !
 Why do these large corporations think we will continue to buy poorly made products that are n't even close to the originals for twice the price . This Lite-Brite Cube has smaller screens -LRB- 6 '' x 6 '' -RRB- , so would be better off for 2-6 yr olds , but then we have the peg issue . These new pegs are made smaller and do n't fit as well as he old ones do , so that means they have a tendency to fall out . It is really frustrating trying to make one of these images without having to put half of the pegs back in while doing it . My kids played with it all of 15 minutes before they got discouraged and bored withe nuisance . Furthermore , the light comes a conventional light instead of using a Fluorescent or LED to help promote energy conservation and a longer lasting bulb . All in all , for 30-40 bucks I think I would rather spend my money elsewhere on something my children will actually play with .
 Royal piece of JUNK . 1 . Completely vertical walls make it very difficult anyone to push in pegs . 2 . Pegs fall out unless you JAM them in . 3 . Have to hold cube with one hand while jamming pegs or it slides across the table . 4 . `` Drawers '' for pegs do n't close or cover so they are useless . 3 . No on/off switch so have to plug in/out of wall socket - very inconvenient and not something I want little kids messing with . 5 . Cheap cord/bulb design - shorts out constantly so have to mess with cord position to keep light on . My kids play with it for a few minutes and then walk away in frustration - but not before spilling several pegs out of the shallow useless drawers , whereupon someone steps on one - very painful . I hate this thing .
 I guess I had a different expectation based on all the stellar reviews . These dive balls drop immediately to the bottom and are difficult to see underwater . You have to be swimming right on top of them to see . My seven year old daughter also has the dive rings , and these dive balls do not compare . You get twice as many rings for half the price of these dive balls . They 're both easier to see underwater and easier to pick up . A little disappointed ...
 My son enjoyed this toy for about 15 min . Then he wanted the water to go a little higher . He turned it up and the tube busted . GAME OVER !
 I purchased this product as it was the only one that looked like a RR crossing signal of any worth . Unfortunately it was n't . There were no installation instructions . It did n't even state whether it was AC or DC . I called the supplier . They were no help . I called the manufacturer . They said they would help . But , they never did . I figured out how to install it by myself.Firstly , the lights do no alternately flash like railroad signals are supposed to do . Both lights stay on all the time . It comes in a set of two with a switch that lets you alternate having the red lights shine on set one or on set two . Again , they do not alternately blink . They can only be set about 1 ' apart and the switch to alternate between them has to be within a foot of them . My train set is elevated 7 ' in the air . Guess what ? It ca n't work up there without a step ladder.We did , however make it work by purchasing 200 ' of wire , cutting the switch off from where it was located next to the signals and , then , reconnecting it near the transformer . It works , but it is not worth anything near the price I paid for it . The only reason I kept it was because it would have cost so much to return it.The main problem with it , regardless of the lack of instructions , blinking , etc. , etc , is that it does not begin to operate as the train approaches . Without that , what good is it . ? Do n't buy it . It does n't work like a train signal , and Model Power is useless in customer relations .
 I was disappointed in the performance of the balls on this purchase . They did not perform as well it seemed . I noticed the structure and color of the lime green High Visibility ball had changed from a bright solid color to more of a Crystal color , which no mention was made of this . I tried them and was disappointed . My last box was just ordered .
 You can tell a 5 year old to not over-wind a music box but they 'll still do it shortly .
 The music box should come with a warning label
 First and foremost , this toy looks like it would be great fun . Anything that flies 600 feet -LRB- up to -RRB- via a rubber band engine is cool by me . The $ 19.95 price seemed a little high , but if it performed like advertised , I thought it would be worth the dough.After following the extremely vague instructions , and assembling the aircraft , I launched it , fully expecting an impressively long flight . It soared about two feet and nosed dived into the ground . It seemed that the propeller was not spinning freely due to a manufacture flaw in how the propeller shaft hole was drilled in its mount . I repaired the flaw and tried again . On the next attempt , the airplane flew about 20 feet and nosed dived into the ground breaking it in half . Very disappointing for myself and my son who was very excited to go flying . It would have been more fun to have taken the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar bill I used to pay for this poorly manufactured doorstop and folded it into a paper plane to throw around . Save your money , it looks very cool but does n't perform .
 I bought this truck for my 3 year old nephew . Within 24 hours the side mirrors were broken , and within a few days the pin that links the cab and trailor together broke off . This is not a durable toy .
 We bought the Dirt Quad for our two kids for Christmas . WOW what a disappointment . I let it charge overnight -LRB- 20 hours -RRB- Christmas Eve , Christmas Day the kids saw it a could n't wait to ride . They began riding and within 20 mins the battery was dead and I had to push it home . The look of disappointment was terrible . I charged it again overnight -LRB- 24 + hours -RRB- and the same thing , maybe 15 to 20 mins of ride time . I would n't recommend this to anyone . It was well built but very poorly designed . This thing needs to be retooled to last 2 - 3 hours on a single charge . Do n't these manufacturers have kids ???????
 My child LOVED this gift when he came down stairs and saw it Christmas morning . Two laps on it around our house and he hated it ... the battery will not hold a charge . We followed the directions to the letter when charging for the first time and riding for the first time . However , he ca n't ride it for more than 10 minutes before the battery is dead . You ca n't take the battery out and get a new one without taking the whole thing apart , which stinks . Very disappointed that my $ 330 did n't get my son more than a 10 minute ride . I can get more fun for my money at Six Flags !
 My 9 year old son got one of these for x-mas 08 . It worked for about 4 months and I have spent the last six months writing back and forth to Razor customer service , the first part we replaced did not fix the problem , now they keep asking the same questions over and over , and now I have to buy a control module for it which must be ordered with a new throttle -LRB- which has already been replaced -RRB- , and we have been e-mailing back and forth for a month and a half just to get them to give me a price and send it . They keep coming up with more questions that had already been answered by previous e-mails , and my son just stares at it sitting in the garage asking when am I going to get it fixed , and tries to ride an old unit that he is way to big for . Please do not waste your money on this item !!!!!!!
 The Dirt Quad has proven to be a fun ride for my grandchildren when the Dirt Quad has been operational . I bought the Dirt Quad two Christmases ago and have gone through two chargers , a set of batteries , and am now having to buy a third charger . The chargers appear to last less than a year and , as such , require replacement for Dirt Quad charging and Dirt Quad use . I requested third party vendor information from Razor so a better charging system could be acquired . Razor technicians suggested the charger had to be acquired from the Razor corporation . The low quality of the charger makes the joy that could be capable from the Dirt Quad tend to diminish significantly . Although the Dirt Quad unit appears to be a quality ride , the charging system makes the system as a whole a very poor quality choice .
 The product is not worth the money . My son has the scooter as well and it will out run the four wheeler . I would not buy this product again .
 VERY false advertising for this product . Their own website states , `` excellent climbing ability '' and the product will not go up a small incline on pavement . When I spoke to a manager at the Razor company , he did state that the product will not go up hills -LRB- again , mine was n't even a hill ... a SMALL incline -RRB- . When I read the quote from above he agreed that it did n't match the product .
 My 8 year old son recently purchased this product after saving his birthday money and money he received from pet sitting . When he bought the product he was extremely disappointed in how slow the Dirt Quad was as well as how easily it tipped when he cornered . Every single time he cornered a front wheel left contact with the ground.We 've had great experiences with other Razor electric scooters and dirt bikes so were really surprised at how poorly this one handled . I think our 150 electric scooter goes faster . Fortunately we were able to return it to Toys R Us for a full refund.This might be a good product for a 5 - 6 year old , but nobody 8 + -LRB- as it recommends -RRB- .
 This is the biggest piece of junk we have ever bought . Would not stay charged so razor sent us a new battery . Still no luck . We then bought a new control module with still no luck . Now we have been told we need to purchase a new throttle . We have had it for a year and it 's been ridden for a total of 2 hours . Do n't waste your money . Save it for a gas powered one .
 Ordered Razor ATV , and was sick with performance . Would n't run for more than 10 minutes . Then found that the 30 day return policy expired before grandkids returned from Guam and tried it out . Took to authorized repair facility , they said battery good -LRB- but I had called Razor who had said battery probably bad and sent new one . -RRB- Repair facilility claimed loose bolt was problem and that battery was ok . Took home , same results . Installed new battery -LRB- noticed on one of old batteries that someone had marked in red `` bad '' -RRB- . Repair guy said Razor had received batch -LRB- es -RRB- of bad batteries , which they had to replace . Worked great for one week with new battery ; same problem again . Now I 'm stuck , have 14 more days on 90 day warranty , but must drive 55 miles each way to repair facility . Am I pleased with performance/service ? No way . Would I buy Razor again ? No way .
 Only after we got this did we learn about the battery issues ; owner 's manual says `` up to '' 40 minutes run time . Are they kidding ? At this price 40 minutes ?? I 've emailed to see if there is an upgrade battery , could n't find one on their site . Not worth the $ $ $ !
 We bought the Razor for our sons for Xmas . By mid-Jan . the battery would n't stay charged . Razor sent out a few replacement parts but nothing has worked . The battery will not stay charged & it 's a piece of junk . Paid $ 300 and are giving it away !
 Purchased a Razor Dirt Quad for Christmas 2010 . It worked good and we were happy for 6 months.Buyer beware that the warranty for this $ 350 + Razor Quad is only 90 DAYS . Buyer beware that the Razor Quad will need repair after 90 days .1 st
 This was the worst -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars I ever spent . My son almost tipped this thing several times when turning and that is dangerous . He learned to be careful that way , but by the end of the first day it broke . The company sent a new battery , but there appears to be an electrical problem . Company would not fix or replace it and the place where I purchased it would not take it back . -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for a day of play . Ridiculous !
 Santa brought Razor Dirt Quad for my 7-year-old daughter . Santa also broughtFisher-Price Power Wheels Girls ' Barbie KFX ATVandPower Wheels Dune Racer , Pink.Assembly was a snap - the only thing that needed to be done was to attach the handlebars . Otherwise the unit was completely assembled with stickers applied and tires inflated . The packaging was top notch , too . Very innovative and secure , which is impressive because it 's a very , very heavy quad . The dirt quad rides smoothly , accelerates quickly and is n't too loud for suburban use . The brakes are very impressive and the rear suspension makes bumpy rides far more comfortable . It 's definitely faster than either of the two ride-ons that Santa brought , but it 's not * that much * faster . With the rubber tires , it handles very well and turns sharply -LRB- be careful , when they first get on it , until they get used to the high center-of-gravity and the sharp turning ability -RRB- . That 's all the good stuff that I can think to say and , honestly , there 's lots of good stuff about this quad . The problem that I have that resulted in only a one-star rating is - run time . This will run , on flat , paved ground for 40 minutes . Charge time is 12 hours . I ca n't tell you how disappointed my daughter is EVERY TIME she rides this and it dies at no more than 40 minutes . The other two ride-ons that Santa brought are SIGNIFICANTLY cheaper and run for approximately 1.5 hours . Is it a fair comparison ? Who cares - my 7 year-old does n't understand comparing a 24V , 7.5 AH battery system to a 12V , 20AH battery system -LRB- which is what 's in the others , as far as I can tell -RRB- . All she knows is that her 4-wheeler does n't run very long and , to her , that 's a 1-star product.I would n't be as turned off if this thing was n't almost $ 500 . But , at $ 500 , 40 minute run time is ATROCIOUS and inexcusable . I contacted Razor to see if , maybe , something was wrong - nope , that 's working as designed . It even says it , here , under the product description - `` 12 hour charge time for up to 40 minutes of continuous use . '' Trust me that that 40 minutes is ONLY when you 're on flat , paved ground . Off road or on hilly terrain , I ca n't imagine getting close to that . There are several aftermarket options for increasing battery capacity , such as21 % More Power Razor Batteries New Wiring Harness Razor Dirt Quad , Razor Dune Buggy , Razor Ground Force Drifter Go Kart , Razor Ground Force Go Kart , Razor MX350 Dirt Rocket , Razor MX400 Dirt Rocket , Razor Pocket Mod , Razor Pocket Rocket , Razor Sport Mod ... - most void the warranty , all require major dis-assembly , some require major modification . I take from the fact that there are readily available options for greater run time -LRB- on the same length of charge , with the right charger -RRB- that Razor simply , `` went cheap '' on the batteries . They , I 'm sure see it otherwise . Either way , it aggravates me to no end to see the look on my daughter 's face when this $ 500 toy regularly disappoints her.Oh , also , it does n't have reverse . The cheap ones both have reverse . There are aftermarket options for reverse . Again , at $ 500 , not having reverse is the kind of stuff that makes me want to give this thing zero stars.I ca n't recommend spending $ 500 on this ; I 'd be returning it , if my daughter would let me .
 We purchased this for Christmas ' 06 . It has run a total of about 3 months . We have replaced batteries , wheel bearings , and charger . Now we still ca n't get it to charge . We have also tried to call Razor customer service & have n't gotten much help there . I 've told my kids that Santa does n't shop at Razor anymore !
 I bought this item on 1/14/07 for my child 's birthday . My child rode it for 6 days . On the 6th day he was riding down the rode and attempted to turn . The tie rod fractured causing him to be unable to steer . Called Razor , do n't have the part , will take 10-14 days for them to get the part . Now my child and I are looking at his expensive , useless gift sitting in the garage . What a waste of money . Do n't buy it .
 This item ran out of juice 4 minutes after it started . This item is garbage . 12 hour charge time , 4 minutes of ride time . Garbage . pure and simple . How this hunk of junk can pass for a product is beyond me . We ran and returned it . Even my son did not want another . He knew it was garbage too .
 ordered the razor dirt quad as a birthday present . we assembled the quad , then charged per instructions . 24 hours later , no power . I called razor they tried to troubleshooot , sent me a throttle assembly , 7 days later it arrived -LRB- razor only offers 1 type of shipping 5-7 days -RRB- , we installed , still no power ! I have to wait until monday -LRB- it is saturday -RRB- to talk to someone yet again for the next part . In the meantime my child still does n't have a birthday present that works !!! The saga continues ...
 This was supposed to be a Christmas present in 2006 , but we only rode it 3 times in January . We have replaced batteries , modules , throttles , and more batteries . I ca n't tell you how many hours I have spent on the phone with Razor and how many emails I have sent . It still does n't work . It has been 9 months of trying to get customer service to do something . This is the most pathetic product and customer service I have ever seen . I am a very patient person , but 9 months is just too long . Razor will not get another dime from me . It also tips over easy ... very easy . Its center of gravity is way to high.Please save your money for a better product .
 I ordered the Razor Four-Wheeler the week before Christmas because we could n't find this vehicle anywhere in Dallas . Unfortunatly , the date that was given for the item to be received was not met . If my husband would n't have driven more than 30 miles to the DHL station to pick up the box , my 6-year-old son would have been really disappointed with Santa this year.Finally , we got the 4-wheeler and my son loved it . However , it now sits in the backyard unable to be used because two of the tires popped the first week that he got it . Now we are left to search and find tires to replace the ones that popped and be out more money . All we did was drive it to our neighborhood park.We are very dissapointed in the quality !!!
 I bought the dirt quad for my grandson for Christmas and it was everything it is advertised to be . My concern is , in my opinion , it has a design flaw and should be recalled . The rubber tires are a nice touch but are too large for the width of the quad . If you attempt to make a sharp turn at even half speed it will turn over . My grandson was on it for less than a minute when he flipped it . Fortunately he was not injured . The narrow body and large wheels makes it top heavy . If my grandson did n't love riding it so much I would sell it .
 We have bought many razor items and have liked them a lot . So we thought the dirt quad should not be any different . Not 2 seconds on it and the slightest turn and he was on the ground . This continually would happen while riding it . It seems to go a little faster than the 8mph it says . Also it sits high and the wheel base is not wide enough to handle turns . It made me very uneasy . I just want to warn other people so their child does not get hurt .
 Purchased this item from Amazon . Item was brand new and charger was defective . My son used the item twice and charger was faulty indicating green as if battery was charged . I called Razor they said most likely a defective charger . they advised I take unitapart check wiring and if all wires are connected properly to return charger and they will send out a new charger . I refused and returned item to Amazon . I received a replacement quad from Amazon and after 5 uses the quad is doing the same thing . I complained to a supervisor at Razor he sent me out a new charger and so far this charger is working.keep in mind however item has only been charged twice since receiving the new charger .
 I thought the dirt quad would be a step above the toddler type Power Wheels products . Our kids own the jeep and the 4 wheeler , and I wanted something with a little more power without having to jump in to the gas powered market . This unit seems very dinky , and it does n't even stay charged for an hour . We bought 2 , and one does n't stay charged as long as the other one . Also , I noticed the minimum age limit is 8 - I ca n't imagine anyone older than 8 on this dirt quad unless they are short for their age . My long legged 7 year old sits with her knees almost to her chest.If it would n't disappoint the kids and if it would n't cost me over $ 100 a piece to ship them back , I would probably return them and get the kids something better .
 This quad looks great and concept is great . However the battery and charging system is horrible . I read the previous reviews and read all the manufacturer 's directions to make sure I 'm charging it correctly . On a full charge they can only ride for about 20 minutes at best . Also , it should be known that the child riding it only weighs 40 lbs . The neighbors have an identical one and theirs seems to last longer and also goes considerably faster . I think there is a risk when buying this that you may get one with a bad battery . The batteries are way to expensive for me to justify buying a new to see if it improves performance . I would not buy this toy again and I do not recommend it because you could get stuck with a bad one like mine .
 Battery died in less than a monthThrottle has delay and often wo n't work at all.When battery worked , it only last 5-10 min . and my child only weighs 40 lbs.Foot peddle has a short.Tips very easy.Exchanged for another one just to have exact same issues with it . Way too much money for such a piece of crap .
 The tiers on this thing do n't keep air in them I thought it was just the one I bought from amazon so I bought another one from somewhere else and same thing after sitting a over night the wheels were flat.You would think for $ 395 there would be nothing wrong with it.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 This is by far the worst gift we have ever gotten for my son . Purchased last year for over four hundred dollars , got less than TEN HOURS of use . It stopped running and wo n't start . When we called Razr , we were given a complete run around and told that we would have to bring the TOY to a repair shop over an hour away to even get an estimate of what it would cost to fix . Horrible , horrible customer service and a horrible toy . Even when it was running , it was n't near as fast as they claim , the battery only lasted half an hour , and the thing tipped over every time my son tried to turn.I 'm very disappointed with this product and would n't want anyone else to make the same mistake . For this amount of money , you may as well buy the real thing !
 Unfortunatly this item broke after the first day that my son rode it on Xmas day ! I have been waiting on the new part from Razor now for 2 weeks , as it was supposed to be here in 7 to 10 days . I have not been successful at reaching anyone at Razor and can not even get through on the number that was provided.Needless to say I have not been happy with this purchase up to this point !
 I purchased this for my son 's birthday . It 's a lovely model , but it is NOT a toy and should not be listed in Amazon 's toy department . The trailer does n't stay attached to the cab ; the front of the cab pops off at the slightest touch and can not be securely reattached ; and the mirrors , tire mudguards and wheels break off easily .
 Being that yes this is an old figure i didnt expect much . Take everything that was wrong with the Xena figures -LRB- which are far better and an inch taller -RRB- like facial expression and coloring and you have herc figs minus and inch . In one word , this and most of the other htlj are ugly
 I got the batteries in and the music began ... yippee , BUT there was no motion . We took the arm out of the music box and back in and heard the click several times , no motion.Great idea for a mobile ... loved the design and possibilities , but not that much fun if it does n't work .
 My son was born at 29 weeks and has been in the NICU for 10 weeks now . I bought this mobile TWICE and each time , it did not work . It was the right size , moved out of the way for the nurses and had the remote . I am frustrated because my time is very valuable and I do n't have the time to go back and forth to return this item . Great concept , but I did n't work at all .
 When I purchased this mobile over other mobiles I thought I made a great choice . The remote and the music are great . It just seems to get a little boring after sometime . I think it is great that you can reverse the pieces for different designs . If only it had a soft light you could turn on or off it would be even better . But for now it will do . I wish I could have tried the mobiles out before I purchased any .
 Product was great at first - baby seemed to enjoy it . After three months and minimal use , the mobile no longer spins , but the music still plays . I 've replaced the batteries twice with new ones -- not the problem . Three months old -- no returns allowed.Either I got a bad one or this product does not hold up well . Made in China , like every thing we buy .
 The first one we ordered would n't spin . The motor whirred , but there was n't any `` motion '' in our music . Amazon promtply processed an exchange . Unfortunately , the second only worked for three days.Given the hassle of returns , I stop after two defective products . It 's a shame , because the stop start motion is captivating . The music is also rather decent quality.If I was comfortable with the quality , I 'd give this one four stars . But I ca n't recommend a product that immediately breaks two separate times .
 This was one of four different mobiles we bought in trying to find the perfect one for our daughter . The toys were stimulating which was not the desired affect when trying to have her sleep . It was nice that it had different song selections but they were all too loud . She would jump when we would start it and try to move away from it . A volume control should have been added . Needless to say it was returned .
 If it were reliable it would be perfect . This mobile is not well made . It was one of my daughters favorite toys , she loved to lie in her crib at watch it spin . However , after a month or two it stopped spinning , even with brand new batteries . We returned it for another one , which lasted a little bit longer but inevitably suffered the same fate . I will not ever buy another Sassy mobile again . The remote is terrific though , it goes around a door knob so we could just reach our hand in and hit a button to start it up , or stop it .
 I just bought this mobile tonight because I was in the store shopping and seen it for 6 dollars . -LRB- on clearance -RRB- Well , I am so glad I did n't pay full price because it 's not worth ... dollars at all . First of all the music is way too loud , I do n't know what people r saying that theirs is too low but this one is so loud . Second of all the remote control is useless , u might as well just walk over to the crib to use it . So I am gon na be returning it even though I got it so cheap . I would not recommend this mobile at all . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I bought this mobile to go over the changing table . Unfortunately , I encountered a problem even before I tested it . The compartment for the batteries is made very poorly . It is hard to get the batteries in and to keep them in place . I tried for 20 mins to get them in right and eventually gave up . I 'm sure the mobile is great , but first you have to get past this problem . I think it 's just a design flaw .
 All right . I 'll give you that it 's neat to have the remote control . And that the designs flip over to accomodate the baby 's maturing visual sense . But after three weeks , mine squeaks like a shoebox full of frantic mice . I 've taken it apart , tried silicone lubricant , graphite powder , even a little WD-40 . My husband suspects that our 11 week old likes the noise , but it 's anything but soothing . The plastic works are hopelessly flimsy , and completely unfixable . There 's got to be a better way !
 We recieved this through our baby registry , but after putting it together , we noticed that it would n't even fit on our crib !! I guess Sassy did n't consider that not all cribs are built the same . Our crib sides were too thick for it to screw on . It would lean over . And once we turned it on , we noticed that you can hardly hear any sounds from it . Since there is n't a volume adjust , you have to strain to hear it . If these two things were n't a problem , we would LOVE this mobile .
 I thought this mobile was great because it was designed based on baby 's development . My newborn liked it , as did her 6-month old cousin . I thought the versatility -LRB- teething toys , music box -RRB- was good . However , I had to return this twice -- the first one was missing parts in the teething toys ; the second one stopped rotating after a couple weeks . It was not worth the hassle of having to return it multiple times due to poor workmanship . And yes , it does make a funny noise when it rotates . The remote is cool , but basically useless , since I had to be right next to the crib for the remote to work . I finally gave up and bought a Fisher Price mobile for less money .
 I was very excited about this mobile and love developmental toys and stimulaters . Got it three days ago , assembled , put in batteries ... nothing . Put in different batteries ... nothing . Did not work at all . Returning it today .
 After reading the high praises for this mobile , I thought it would be a good choice . Yes , the ornaments are colorful and useful after taking it down , but I was concerned about the glue reisdue on the edges of the one I bought.Also , the music is REALLY bad . I 'm just going to use the music/vibrator from my Jeep playyard . It 's sounds are truly realistic and not static-sounding -LRB- the `` ocean '' -RRB- or so cheap sounding.Besides , several of my friends say their babies are more enthralled with the ceiling fan than their mobiles .
 ... i got another one and put in brand new batteries in both the remote and the mobile itself . it moved so slow that it got me nervous i wanted to just push it faster . sure its different and pretty and the remote is cool so i thought - ok ill just keep it . then 2 days later the remote stopped woking . then a day later the mobile buttons didnt work . i put in fresh batteries and it still didnt work . ...
 The first night the mobile broke from the arm -LRB- for a reason unknown -RRB- and fell right on our 3 weeks old face . It left him with a bruise and he cried for over an hour . It was devastating to me as a first time mother . I will never even buy this brand again !
 I really wanted this mobile and received it as a gift at my baby shower . When we tried to attach it to the crib , it would n't fit because our rails are too thick . We tried everything to make it fit but it leaned and was n't very sturdy . We had to return it for another mobile . I wish it was adjustable to fit all cribs because I really liked this mobile . If you have thick rails on your crib , think twice about this mobile .
 My husband and I could n't get the batteries to go into this thing . I tried for 30 mintues -LRB- while my baby was crying his little head off -RRB- to get the batteries to go in the dumb thing . My husband could n't get them in either , and he tried with a hammer . We thought it was a flaw and exchanged it for another one . We had the same problem again with the new one . We just returned it and got Tiny Love 's SYMPHONY-IN-MOTION MOBILE-GEOMETRIC SHAPES . It 's the best and my baby loves it !
 how do you install the 2nd and 3rd battery into the battery slot ? its so troublesome . i cant believe they designed the battery compartment in this manner . i want to return this item asap .
 We bought this mobile for our baby and he loved it and we loved all the features ... for one month . It slowly started developing a squeak which worsened over the week until the mobile does not spin at all . We took it to exchange but the store does not carry it anymore . The lady at the return counter says it was a common problem that happened all the time with this model . This unit is not built to last and you will be sorely disappointed when you have to deal with the hassle of exchange .
 I would like to say how well this thing works , but you see the screws to the battery compartment are screwed in so tight it is impossible to open . We took the first one back to Toys R Us and they could n't open it so they gave us a new one . Well guess what same problem . Last time I could get the remote opened , this time I can get one screw off the mobile . If it does n't loosen by tomorrow , it 's going back for good and I will choose something by another company .
 We purchased this mobile for the fact it was something our son could grow with . When we assembled it , we realized pieces were missing as well as it looked scratched and used . -LRB- as in someone else probablly returned it -RRB- Regardless , we got it mostly assembled and tried to attach it to the crib , however the bars on the sides of our crib were too wide and there are no other adapters you can buy . The box says nothing about what size crib railings it works with . On top of that , the mobile did not spin , as it said on the box . This mobile was really NOT worth the $ 30 they sell for . It will be returned ASAP .
 I read many reviews and decided to get this one from Sassy . First of all , we could not get the batteries to go in . So we went to BRU and exchanged the 1st one . This new one we got 3 weeks ago.I used it about 20-30 mins every day for 2 weeks and I must say that my daughter loved it . I liked the fact that it had a working remote and the music played for a long time.After 2 weeks of slight use the mobile stopped rotating . I gave it a few small taps and it started to rotate again . But a few days later it stopped again . It wont start rotating even after a tap any more . This is going back it to the store .
 We registered for this and recieved it at as a gift . We had to exchange it right away because after we finally had it all together the mobile rotated but the music box did n't work . When our son was less then two months old it started squeaking and now that he is almost three months old it has stopped rotating . It is now on it 's way back to Babies R Us and we will not be bringing a 3rd one home . It is a wonderful concept and would be a great product if it actually worked properly for more then a few weeks .
 We purchsed the mobile because it was automatic and same with a remote . After about two weeks it only worked on ocasion and when it did work it would squek . Very annoying to us and our baby . If the problem was fixed or fixable I would recommend this product .
 I -LRB- and my baby -RRB- really liked the mobile , until it stopped turning . Less than two months and the mobile does n't rotate anymore . Yes , we installed new batteries still nothing . For the price of the mobile I thought it would be made better .
 I received this as a shower gift for my fourth child . With all my years of being a mom -LRB- 13 -RRB- I have never seen so much plastic junk for $ 29.99 . I took it out of the box and the paint is chipped off the inside of all the toys . I installed it just to see how it works and yes the motor is louder than the music . There is no way of adjusting the volume and the ocean does not sound real either . The housing is also made of very thin cheap plastic . My opinion
 I just got this yesterday and after I put it together -LRB- almost hurting myself -RRB- and putting the batteries in , I was completely disappointed at the end result . I spent better money on `` regular '' mobiles with my other two children and will be returning this for one of those . Considering the money spent on this and the money spent on batteries , you would think the music could play a little louder and that the toys would actually go around on a regular basis , instead of once around every minute or so .
 I got this as a shower gift . I totally loved the fact that you could control this without entering the room . This was the best feature this thing had . After reading other reviews here and on other sites . . they were right IT REALLY DID STOP WORKING !!! Needless to say it went back and I got the Symphony Animal Mobile by Tiny Love . . It was $ 39.99 but the baby found it fascinating and made mommy 's life easier for 20 mins .
 I received this mobile and began using it when my daughter was a new born . She was mesmorized by it which gave me a little time . We turned the shapes over when she was about 3 months old and one of them was missing the beads inside . The remote stopped working after about 4 months even with new batteries and the whole thing has stopped rotating now that my daughter is 6 months . The only thing that still works is the music which is loud like others have said . I keep the bumper pad over the speaker . My baby did love looking at the mobile when it worked , but I 'm disappointed that it broke already .
 I bought this mobile after researching all the mobiles available online . I purchased this one after reading all the positive responses and considering the value . My daughter has not even slept in her crib yet , so we 've only turned the mobile on about half a dozen times . Last night , I realized it will no longer play the music , so I guess I 'm going to have to try and return it . Not sure what I 'll buy next time , but probably not this one .
 First it takes the skills of a mechanic to put this toy together!And it does n't even have a lightbeam features like other similiar mobile toy.And last , who knows the 3 C battery are going to last -LRB- 3 days or 3 weeks -RRB- ?
 My baby loved the mobile , but after 3 months it stopped rotating . And the batteries are difficult to replace .
 My baby loves all the Sassy products but this one missed the mark . Although my son loves the designs and music the beads and rattles make noise with the slightest movement . I have the mobile attached to the side of his crib and when ever I would put him to bed the beads would rattle and the noise would startle him awake . It would also make noise every time he would kick or move in his sleep waking him up . So although this mobile is pretty to look at I would n't get it if you want to get any sleep . I recommend a plush mobile ... something with out beads .
 I could n't wait to use this mobile . I loved the music and the mobile , but it does n't fit on our crib because of how wide our top rail is . This is n't mentioned on the box . If your crib has a top rail that is over 21/2 '' this is n't the mobile for your baby .
 I have sent 2 messages regarding this product . My daughter received the mobile , but when she put it on the baby 's crib the music on the mobile played , but the mobile did not rotate . Even though the product was NEW , there is something wrong with the motor . Please advise us as to what we should do to return this product . My daughter through out the packing box and only has the box the mobile came in , so we do n't have an address to return it to . Please advise.You have my name and e-mail address . Thank you for your assistance . Marie Goodmabn
 My little boy has quite a few other Sassy toys , and I had high hopes for this interesting product.Unfortunately , the music is working but the mobile does not turn . The motor whirs periodically , so I opened the housing to see that the small gear driving the rotation was cracked , so the post it was set in just rotated and was unable to transmit that motion to the larger drive year.I left a message on Sassy 's web site asking for advice but received no reply ... sadly , I bought this thing months ago and was only just now getting around to installing it.So , please do n't buy .
 Do n't buy this mobile . The remote is a nice feature and does work , but is the only redeeming feature . There is no volume control , the mobile stops often which is too long for a baby , and most irritating of all , the music is electronic/harpsichord sounding - I do n't remember that being on the box as a feature .
 I 've had this for 2 months now and the mobile no longer turns also . I 've replaced the batteries and still nothing . Music works fine though . I think it should 've lasted a little longer then 2 months .
 As a new mother , I thought the design of this mobile was a good choice . I purchased one for the nursery . First , it was difficult to put together . I needed to use the flat end of a screw driver to remove the piece that is used to hold the main arm . Once I got that off , I had trouble snapping in the little plastic arms to hold the mobile pieces . Finally , with pieces in tact I tested it out . It worked for one whole day . The rotating mechanism died . Frustrated -LRB- having tried new batteries -RRB- , I returned it with no trouble at Toys R Us . When I got a second one as a gift , I thought , `` Why not give it another try ? '' . Very , very dumb . After all that trouble putting it together , the second one did n't rotate AT ALL . Turns out , my little angel is quite happy with the old fashioned wind up model .
 Mi first impression when I got this mobile was very positive , but as soon as I put it together I noticed it was very loud without the chance to control volume and also the rotating mechanism is also very loud.After two months it stop working -LRB- rotating -RRB- . It is a rubber belt that falls every time now , to the point that I 'm going to have to buy another mobile for my baby.I do not recommend this toy to anyone .
 I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE FOR MY 3 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER MADISON , I USED IT FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES A DAY FOR LESS THEN A WEEK , AND WHEN I WENT TO GO PUT IT ON THE MUSIC CAME ON BUT THE MOBILE WOULD N'T SPIN ! SO MY HUSBAND AND I PUT NEW BATTERIES IN -LRB- THERE WERE BRAND NEW BATTERIES IN TO BEGIN WITH -RRB- . . STILL JUST THE MUSIC . I DIDNT BOTHER RETURNING IT , I JUST EXCHANGED IT FOR A DIFFERENT ONE . ALSO I THINK THE REMOTE IS A WASTE , IT HAS TO BE AT THE PERFECT ANGLE TO TURN ON THE MOBILE , PLUS THE MUSIC IS VERY SOFT THE MOTOR SOUNDS DROWN IT OUT , BEWARE OF THE PRODUCT ! ITS A WASTE !
 This is cheesy . There are only 3 lights that randomly blink and the the guitarist strum is more like a jiggle and does n't go with the beat . The head is like a bobble head but does n't do anything unless you jiggle it . I would not recommend this product .
 This is without a doubt the worst toy I have encountered in a long time . The ease with which the parts break would be laughable were they not so expensive . In putting the dragon together , a key piece broke making construction impossible . Do n't let the pictures fool you
 STIKFAS FEMALE BETA WARRIORI got this for my 11-year-old daughter , who loves it . After very little use , the joint used to attach the top half to the bottom broke , and can not be fixed . I suspect that his might be a known defect in this toy . I would like a replacement or a refund . I usually avoid buying toys that fall apartt after three or four days ' play.Lindsay Karabanow
 I ordered this item for Xmas for my son , age 7 . He normally is very good at putting things together -LRB- does large lego models by himself -RRB- , but this one was definitely beyond him . Tools -LRB- needlenose pliers -RRB- were required to push in the the delicate wing pins referred to below , and the legs are constantly coming off , which is definitely frustrating for a child -LRB- and the parent too -RRB- . Visually , there are small `` tags '' left on the model where each piece was detached from the plastic frame , which I find unappealing . Finally , after less than a week of play one of the key body pins broke off , which is pretty much the end of the Stikfas play value . I 'll go with the legos next time !
 i had expected the game to teach you dance routines to music . It only does it to an annoying beat , and the routines are not all that entertaining . Even my little sister who is 7 years old thought the game boring and useless .
 My daughter was very excited to get this game . We popped the DVD in the player and unfolded the mats . The video came on and the menu was in Spanish . I could not find a way to get the language to go to English . According to the instructions , it should come up with a screen of some sort when the disc is put in that gives a choice of languages . We never saw that . I 've tried powering down , unplugging , all DVD buttons with no success . Guess I will either return it or send it to a needy child in Mexico .
 At the price offered I expected to get four of these . I got that impression due to the fact that other offerings of similar products come in sets of four . I got one , and the total cost including shipping came to almost eleven dollars . It 's a little piece of plastic for holding playing cards . I returned the item for lack of value . I would expect them to be available in toy stores for around 99 cents apiece ... not $ 10.50 .
 This was the first playset that my daughter received for the Littlest Pet Shop series . Unfortunately , it has hardly been used , although she plays with her LPS figures quite often . This playset offers very little value . The small circular discs that are launched from the base are easily lost by children , especially if you 're not inclined to clean-up after they play . There 's basically just a few perches onto which you can place the figures , and the high-wire skateboard provides little excitement . This is not a required accessory for LPS collectors .
 This is the first LPS playset my child received . She barely plays with it ; this playset is hard to fit even little hands in it to play with , due to the crammed layout . The LPS pets do not stay well on their perches , they are too close together or too close to other parts and most lack magnets . If all the perches had magnets , the pets would possibly stay in place ; this is not the case . The disks that came with the set are long gone , and were pointless to begin with due to the crowded layout .
 With respect to the other reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- , for we each have different aims when purchasing items - I was very disappointed . I wanted it for a lesson on on making observations vs interences . So , I had very high expectations . This was a terrible purchase . It looks very little like any type of real rock . A waste of money , it is virtually square , completely uniform in design , it looks like a black and white sponge ... it could n't fool many .
 this looks nothing like the picture it shows . i got it to us it in a movie but i couldnt . if u need it for a decoration , then it is a good price but overall not a good item .
 This literally looks like a sponge painted black with a few white paint specks on it . It looks nothing like a rock and when you squeeze it you can see the paint start to crack . If you want something more realistic , go for something more pricey .
 Neighborhood animals and even basic zoo animals should be prevalent in this book to help small children learn and associate with the real world they will see . But this book has rare birds , `` outback '' animals and others ... would have been better with a better mix of animals that included regular birds , dogs , cats , elephants etc. . . again things a child will see in the neighborhood or at the zoo .
 After watching Dr. Phil 's Primetime Special on how to potty train in one day , I bought this doll as suggested . It 's a great baby doll for pretend play , but not for potty training . It does NOT hold the water so that you can show the `` trickling '' effect into the potty . The water goes straight through while you 're feeding the water from the bottle . So my search for the perfect potty training doll continues . The doll I find , needs to hold the water so that my toddler gets the idea when she sees it going in the potty .
 I bought this doll to help potty train my toddler . We 're starting tomorrow , so I took it out of the box tonight to try it . The tip of the bottle was too short , so when I tried to give the bottle to the doll , the water dribbled all over her , me , and the floor . A tiny bit made it into the potty . I tried and tried to make it work , but I just got soaked . I 'm an intelligent person who does n't usually struggle with assembling toys , but this stupid doll has been peeing all over me all night . Then , to top it all off , a really creepy looking bug crawled out of the packaging . So the whole thing went in the garbage outside , and now I do n't know what I 'm going to do tomorrow . I wish I had that money back . Buy something else .
 Maybe its me , but we purchased this doll so my daughter could have a baby to feed and play with and reinforce the potty training issue . Number 1
 I bought this for my almost 2 year old after reading the rave reviews . It 's pretty disappointing . It does n't do anything but float . The blue spray nozzle does n't really work . You 're supposed to squeeze it and it acts like a squeeze toy and is SUPPOSED to make the water run . Instead you get a airy spray of water . The only thing my daughter really seems to like about it is the orange cup that has holes on the bottom . She likes to scoop up water in it and watch it trickle out from the bottom . It 's an okay toy I guess , but do n't expect anything spectacular .
 Very cute , but not for it 's purpose ! You 're not supposed to make time-out-time fun !!! That 's the whole point ! It 's supposed to be miserable and boring ! How is a child supposed to learn a lesson by having fun in the corner as a result of being on thier bad behavior ! I receied this cushion as a gift and thought it was cute until I found out what it was for . My daughter wanted to play on this ... . how awful ! She would say ... `` Momma ... I wan na play on the naughty seat '' It 's almost as if she was about to do something naughty so that she could play on it ... Moms ... get a reality check !
 PROBLEMS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Controller does not work from more than 6 ' away . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Battery connector pops loose with even a low speed bump . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Will not work on even new , clean carpet , grass , sand , snow seem highly unlikely . -LRB- 4 -RRB- You will never use this on water unless you want to watch it drift away once it is more than a few feet out , then SINK when it runs out of battery power -LRB- says in the owner 's manual that it does not float -RRB- . SUMMARY
 My daughter played with this for 10min since Christmas . It moves really slow and does n't really turn or move that well . We have a pond on our farm and it can go on water , the box shows it flying over the watertop . I think a turtle can swim faster than this thing moves . It was a waste of money .
 This held my child 's interest for a whopping 2 minutes , and he refused to play with it any longer . Really , it 's a bunch of soft cars that do n't roll , are difficult to push and do n't stay stacked . Do n't waste your money .
 It 's an ok designed toy with flaps for doors & windows on the cars that a child can lift up . However , it makes no noise -LRB- no rattle even -RRB- and my bigger hangup is the wheels . The wheels are colored like a black & white target , so when you roll the car it does n't look like it 's spinning . There should be spokes so you can actually see the wheels moving which would engage a child more . I do n't think they are machine washable either , only spot clean -LRB- which I do n't enjoy -RRB- . My son got these as a gift when he was a few mos old and did n't play with them . He is now just over a year old & he STILL has no interest in them .
 Are these different from the IQ Baby Vroom Vroom cars which were recalled due to wheels coming off and becoming a choking hazard ?
 My brother and i had this game for about five years , never wanted to play after the first try , and a few years later we decided to give it a try -LRB- again -RRB- and we found the solution , we found the biggest possible shape to do and we both ended up tied anytime we played , so i guess it is predictable once you understand the highest score-shape !
 What !!! A 90 day warranty ??!! Are they crazy ? This is a kids toy . We 've had a Storyreader for the last year . It was great , the kids loved it . But then it started going haywire . It would start up and after a few words would suddenly stop , not to start again . Very frustrating for me and the kids . That 's when I found out it only has a 90 day warranty .
 This is one of the most confusing games we ever played . The first hint should have been that every player gets a ton -LRB- like 45 little plastic train cars -RRB- of playing pieces . It takes a lot of time the first time to set up the board and even longer to read through the instructions . I would recommend to find `` Explore Europe by Ravensburger instead.Explore EuropeWe own dozens of board games and play a lot of them , but this one is one of the worst we tried .
 this was a wast of money , i ` ve two of them , neither one worked , disassembled both of them , only able to get one working . They have a VERY small wire that was broken off the solar strip , the wire was almost invisible . dont waste your money
 I bought this playset for my son for a gift , but returned it right away after a trip to Zany Brainy , where it was set up for all to view and see how durable , I convinced my son that it was not even as closely durable to his old fisher price castle and he said '' I dont want it anymore '' I had only paid 38 bucks for it . Guess we will stick with playmobil castles which are much more expensive , yet is still played with after years and years of play , along with pirate and western set . I am so happy I saw this thing set up before being stuck with it !
 My son also got this gift from Santa this year and was very excited to see it as he wanted it very badly . However , the thing is very cheaply made . The doors do n't open more often than not and the trap door never opens without help . The jail constantly falls apart . My son tried to play with it throughout the day on Christmas and got so frustrated that it just sits in his room now .
 My husband and his father are both very handy . Together , it took them about 5 hours to assemble this toy . The directions are incorrect , the drawings depicting how to assemble this thing are backwards.I 'm giving this toy a low rating because it cost us about -LRB- ... -RRB- and for that price it should have come preassembled.The other thing we did n't like about it was the shape , my children were much happier jumping on a plain round trampoline . We returned this `` fancy '' one to the store , and got the plain round one , for about half the price . My children like it much more , and my husband did n't have to spend half a Sunday putting it together .
 Tried to follow the poorly illustrated directions -LRB- in French , by the way -RRB- . It was impossible to assemble either alone or with a second adult . The bungie type cable must be manually stretched and hooked with an absurd little metal ring , while applying upwards of 100-150 lbs of tension . Will return for refund .
 When I first saw this i knew this would be the perfect excercise toy for my 3 yr old . so i purchased it at the discounted rate of $ 39.99 . WHen it arrive i was was impressed . But my beef is not with the assembling of the toy . It took my husband and i 2 hours to assemble-but keep in mind there were no children home at the time . After less than 2 months of my 3 yr old playing with it , one day we heard a loud `` POP '' . we checked under the toy and saw that the bungee was almost split in half-just being held on by a few pieces of elastic . Plus the mesh was worn at each of the eyeholes and also the bungee at each lacing point . After calling the company one person told me to go to the store and buy another bungee that the item has been discontinued for over a year-i just purchased this dec o5-and it broke mid feb 06 ! I was very dissappointed and feel the item should have been recalled-not discontinued ! be careful ! our item was not abused in any way , it was jumped on - which is how it was meant to be used . I do plan to pursue this and i will never purchase anything from spinmaster again !
 Ordered this item October 26 , 2005 , have not received it as of December 27 , 2005 . Will never order anything through Amazon/Toys R Us again and will disuade everyone I know from doing business with them . It might cost a little bit more to go through E Toys & etc. , but I 've never had a problem getting something delivered via Standard Shipping within a couple weeks , not the two months and counting of Amazon/Toys R Us . Fully disapointed with my `` puchase '' .
 When I first saw this I thought it was awesome . A way to combine exercise and learning . Only problem is , it takes forever to set up , plus it is more helpful if you have another person helping you with the cord . The sensor/string attached it to fell off and rendered it educationally useless . We had to take it apart when we moved and both my husband and I are dreading putting it back together ... not worth the money .
 A real bust . Not what was described at all . I completely wasted my money on this purchase . It was too cheap to justify the postage necessary to return it . Live and learn . I wo n't buy a belt like this online again . I needed the color we saw in the description , like the photo above , but received brown .
 No problems with the seller . The package arrived quickly and the price could not be beat.Unfortunately , the Cardinal Red belts I ordered , which should have been a bright vivid red , and which appear on the website as such , are hardly that color at all . The belts are dark , cranberry sauce red , which , unfortunately , does n't come any where near matching our true Cardinal Red uniforms . Oh well . They will be relegated to practice belts and I will keep searching .
 If you were expecting Gold to be yellow , as in uniform yellow , the base color axiomatic regular old sunflower safety tape yellow - look elsewhere . The belt is orange . I do n't know how they sell an orange color that could look more orange than this.Also , if you have dark pants , this belt 's inside lining shreds like toilet paper and it will get all over your pants each time you put it on.The buckle is exactly what you 'd expect for this price.But , tt holds up my pants and the elastic works just fine . It was cheap and functional . Two stars for that .
 The only complaint I have is that the belt that shipped was the wrong color . It was a dark royal blue and I had ordered the Columbia blue . It was labeled Columbia blue but that 's not what was in the package .
 Fist and foremost , let me say
 They simply do n't work . Well , you can almost hear something from one walkie-talkie if you are a couple of feet away from the other one . Unfortunately , the sound of the person actually talking is louder than what comes through the set . I will be rescuing the 8 AAA batteries in those pieces of junk after my daughters get tired of pretending they work tonight .
 I bought these for my daughter last year for X-mas . They barely work and are flimsy plastic . We used them once and the battery was dead . Please do n't waste your money on these .
 We got a set of these as a birthday present . Girls so excited . Did n't work . Thought it was a fluke . Got a second set to replace . Did n't work either . Only valuable if you need a princess paper weight . We got Hello Kitty Walkie talkie which worked great . Some reviews did n't like it either , but we had great success .
 My daughter saved her money and bought them from a local store . Got home and they did not work . I called the company and they said they would send a new pair . They arrived in the mail yesterday after she waited 6 weeks . These work but only if you stand next to each other . I wish we had read the other reviews before making this purchase .
 These are horrible ! My 3 yr old daughter got these as a Christmas gift & was so excited when we told her what they were . Only one works , but it has loud static coming out of it . So I have 2 walkie talkies that do nothing ! My daughter was so dissapointed when she realized they did n't work . I am glad I did n't buy these , but if I did they would be going back ! Plus there is no phone number to call so we 're probably throwing them away ... what a shame ! Do n't waste your money !!
 These were a gift for my granddaughters . They were so excited -- but these are a total waste of money . THEY DO N'T WORK . Even standing a few feet away from each other they would n't work . I was so humiliated and disappointed . My husband went out the next day to try and find a different brand of walkie talkie to replace them .
 This toy is awful . My daughter was so exited to get it , yet she can not comunicate through it . What a waste of money.Somebody should ban to sell toys like that .
 These should n't have `` walkie talkie '' written on the package because that is false advertisment . Walkie Talkies are made to let people talk to eachother from several distances . With these `` walkie talkies '' , you have to stand next to eachother to hear one another and the static is awful . Highly NOT recommended . I would rather buy plain walkie talkies and paint them pink and purple .
 This whole toy is a waste of time and money . I totally agree with everyone else , do they even test these products anymore ? And Disney ? You think they would care about their branding -LRB- which is erroding , as far as I am concerned -RRB- .
 My daughter LOVES the disney princesses . When our Toys R Us was going out of business , we bought 2 of these . One for her & one for my niece . -LRB- ... -RRB- it was n't worth , we have n't had them work yet . I should have read the reviews . And I ca n't even return them ! UGHHH !!
 I should have paid attention to all the negative reviews , but my daughters wanted these sooo bad . They just do not work at all - how can they sell something like this ?
 like the reviews ... does NOT work !? How can they sell these ??? Santa brought them for my girls . They were sooo excited until they realized they DO N'T work ! We tossed them out for the garbage man to TAKE AWAY !
 This walkie talkie has not been used for it 's actual purpose by my children , no matter how many times I tell show them ! There is a button that is absolutely pointless . It just makes a ridiculous loud noise - I 'm going to wait until the kids are n't playing with it and give it away . ASAP . do not recommend .
 It 's too expensive considering that it 's nothing but a piece of plastic . It makes some noise and that 's it . I honestly would n't get it even for free . It looks cute , but no use at all . Just a huge disappointment for a child . I am surprised it was not recalled . Why is it still for sale ? I hope people will read reviews before buying it . Disney should be ashamed to produce something like this . With all the money they have , they could make something better . It goes in the garbage .
 Static is about all you can hear on these . These are terrible walkie talkies . Save your money and get something different than these .
 Got these from a yard sale for a quarter . They were eager to give them away . We put in fresh batteries and still they do n't work . Like everyone else said , you ca n't hear anything when someone talks . The static goes away when you push the button but you ca n't hear the person who is talking . I guess the people with the two decent reviews just got lucky .
 They work * only * when my daughter and I stand no further than a foot away and POINT the walkies towards each other . Even then , the sound is poor.A total waste of money ! I mean , how much fun can walkie talkies possibly be if you have to be standing nose to nose ??
 They pretty much do n't work . The static is much louder than who ever is speaking . Do n't waste your money !!
 What a BIG disappointment . They simply do n't work . You can barely hear the other person even a few feet away and the static is horendous . My daughter wanted these for her birthday and her little heart was broken .
 In case it was n't clear from the other reviews - DO N'T waste your money ! Wish it were possible to give ZERO stars . They just do n't work . The worst ever . Very sad
 My 4 year old received this for her birthday and they do not work ! The static is so loud that the kids ca n't hear anything else .
 My 6 year daughter saved up her money for 3 weeks to get these walkie talkies . When we got them home we had to stand facing each other toe to toe to hear anything . Then after an hour of tring to get them to work better , they stopped completely . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 VERY DISPLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT ... BOUGHT IT SO WHEN MY G ' DAUGHTER WAS IN MY BEDROOM AND I IN OUR FAMILY ROOM IF WE NEEDED EACH OTHER OR I WANTED TO CHECK ON HER I COULD ... DID NOT WORK.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE ...
 This toy was given to my daughter for Christmas and the idea is cute but we get better use out of them as radios than walkie-talkies . My daughter does n't understand why music comes through and not our voices . I hate that I wasted $ $ on batteried for these . Save your money !
 I am very disappinted in them as they have been very difficult to use . When trying to install the batteries , the screws in the battery compartments were screwed in too tightly and I could not remove them to install the batteries . The purple one I was able to get off after a great deal of effort , and on the pink one the screw stripped after only a few minutes of trying and then took a VERY long time to remove . I was able to get the batteries installed , but all in all it took 45 minutes of effort to do so . Now that the batteries are in , the walkie talkies do n't work . There is static when they press the talk button , but nothing is audible . And the ON/OFF switch on the pink one sticks and is very difficult to turn on and off . My kids are very disappointed as they liked the thought of them , but the product is definitely not worth the $ 14.99 I spent on them .
 I bought this toy as a gift for a little girl who loves everything disney princess and it did n't work . She had to stand toe to toe with us in order to get any reception which of course defeats the purpose . I apoligized profusely to the mom . Thank god I included a gift receipt . If you get this toy free , throw it away !
 What is this ?! Eric from the little mermaid ?! And I thought he was ugly in the movie!Note
 My children loved this toy a lot -- they had lots of fun with it and two and three-year-olds especially love watching the cars go down . Younger children many need assistance as you have to line the wheels up with the track for it to work . But it was not very well made ! Both the stand itself and several of the cars broke even though I supervised my children while they played with it and they did not abuse it . Other manufacturers make similar toys -- I plan to replace this with another brand .
 The cars for some reason to not stay on the track . They launch off the end of each ramp unless your hand is there to block it . I am very dissatisfied .
 Please be ware that the wheels can come off these cars and pose a choking hazzard to little children . While my then three-year old son was playing with the toy , two of the wheels fell off one of the cars . Within seconds , my 1-year old daughter grabbed a wheel and put it in her mouth . Had I not been watching , she easily could have swallowed or inhaled this wheel which can look like candy or large Cheerios to young children ! We put the toy away and will not take it out until our children are all above the age of 4 .
 We bought this for our son thinking this would be a fun toy . Unfortunately , there 's enough problems with it , that I fully regret the purchase . First off , the cars get stuck on the track , not even making it all the way down . Additionally , it 's smaller than it looks . There 's no way this toy is worth the 40 $ purchase price . Disappointing , because it looked good on the site .
 2 year old son played with it for 10 minutes after getting as gift and the cars rolled correctly about 10 % of time . He came back later to try again and got mad at it . Poorly designed . Wished in laws had asked what he needed . Oh well now we are stuck with it !
 Rainbow Rollers is a fun idea and I was so excited to give it to my son for his birthday . He had a blast with it ! But the second day he played with it , the track started to come apart . Needless to say , it did n't last long . Would n't recommend this toy , unless they revamp the way it 's held together .
 While I have no problem spending money on a nice toy , I was slightly disappointed . This is a sort of toy you could make yourself . When I opened the box -LRB- purchased at Learning Express -RRB- , it had wheels that had come unglued and was clearly cheaply manufactured in China . There was even globs of dried up glue on the bottom -LRB- not pretty ! -RRB- I felt it was asking too much for what it was - should have been like 15 bucks and instead I paid 40 . 2 of the cars come attached together and that 's not really clear on the box either unless you look at the picture closely . Save your money for another toy !
 First of all , there is no standard to the size of the wheel widths - they have to be short enough to go in between the wooden bars and out of 8 wheel shafts , only one was the right size . 95 % of the time you let a car go at the top , it gets stuck or just falls off the track . We had to saw off a portion of each wheel to make them the correct size to go down & even then sometimes they fall of the edge where they should just flip down to the next level . I paid $ 40 for this toy , & I would not buy it again . The homemade fix was time consuming & it 's still not perfect . There are better options for this type of toy - haba has a great ball track , although it is much more expensive & aimed at a younger crowd . Find a better toy , this one stinks !
 I purchased this toy for my Grandson 's second birthday . I was so excited to find what I thought was a safe toy made of wood . My son and his wife are in the process of switching all their children 's toys to wooden toys since all the problems came out with high led paint , garbage toys made in China , etc. . So , you can only imagine how disappointed I was to hear that on the very first day while playing with this toy , it fell apart . Not wanting to hurt my feelings , my son tried putting it back together and ended of having to do it a few times before I even knew of this happening.I loved the concept and principal of this toy for children but they manufacturer really needs to work on the duribility to be able to withstand average play . It 's too late now to return the toy but you can believe me when I tell you that when I purchase another wooden toy for any of my grandchildren which I have 4 , I will make very sure to test the toys first ! I assume that `` Alex Toys '' had no idea of the duribility of this particule toy just as I did n't . But the manufacturer truly needs to be notified of this problem.In the final analysis I would cleary say that this toy is not safe at all as the larger parts could be used as striking object.Sincerely yours , Katherine Augustson
 totally terrific item !!!!! my nephew just loved it . great construction , durable for little tykes . will turn back to this company again .
 I bought the abacus for my seven year old boy-girl twins to help them with their adding and subtracting.This particular abacus has two faults :1 . the ten beads in each row are identical in color . The abacus I remember using as a kid had the five beads on the left side of one row one color and the five beads on the right of the same row a different color . This makes a world of difference when sliding over various amounts . For example , lets say you want to slide across seventeen beads in total . If each row had five beads on the left in one color and the other five beads in the same row a different color , then you would easily slide across a complete row of ten in the first row , an easily identifiable 5 beads in the second row -LRB- same color -RRB- , and then an additional two more beads in the second row to make seventeen . With the Melissa and Doug Abacus , you would have to slide across a full row of ten beads in the top row , and then count up seven beads -LRB- all the same color -RRB- in the second row and slide them over .2 . The abacus is narrow . If you slide ten beads over to the opposite side , they do n't all go past the last bead in the next row . This abacus would be so much better if it was about 5 inches wider.The abacus that I prefer is Desktop Abacus by Learning ResourcesDesktop AbacusThe desktop abacus by Learning Resources has the features that I wanted .
 Our kids were 4 and under . The abacus fell apart , exposing 10 pointy metal sticks and dropping wooden balls all over the floor . Choking hazard . Toy did not work out for us . Maybe for older kids .
 This product is NOT a `` classical '' abacus ; the true Chinese abacus has thirteen stacks of beads with two each in an upper section and five each in a lower section ! This is a `` counting frame ; '' which is good for children to use to learn counting by ones and tens .
 I paid for a 6 pack of WWE figures -LRB- 3packs of 2 -RRB- , I only received 2 WWE figures . . where are my other 4 ?!?!? I paid almost $ 37 for this 6-pack . I am VERY VERY Upset and Warehouse Deals , Inc. should be removed from Amazon for fake advertisement . DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM !!!!!!
 This was a rip off . In stead of all 6 figures I only got 2 ! DO not buy this1
 Out of the package the rubber band in the launcher is broken and the propeller is not fixed on the drive shaft , so there 's no way it can be made to propel the plane .
 I do n't like these because both the color and the overall quality . Some appear to be flat - and do n't &#34; reshape &#34; very easily . Plus the white ball gets dirty very easy and is not easy to keep clean . Might try the black - but also might search for other alternatives .
 I purchased the Kelly Playland for my daughter about two weeks ago . Assembly was easy . Once my daughter wanted to move this toy to another part of the house , the purple slide fell off . Next as I set the playland down , blam , the rolling slide fell off . Each time my daughter plays with this toy , something falls off . Sure you can re-assemble it with no problem , but who wants a toy that is so much hassle ? I plan to phone Mattel with my complaint as this is absolutely unacceptable . What a complete waste of my time buying this toy and my money !
 I never received this product , I bought the bubble machine for my son 's birthday party but i never got the solution so i was not able to use the bubble machine . next time i will just have to buy some solution at walmart .
 Product was given as a Christmas gift and did n't work ! No instructions or paperwork accompanied product which would allow for it 's return . What a disappointment and a waste of a good deal of money for a simple alarm clock . Would never trust this seller again !!!!!!
 We bought several different sets for our son for Christmas and found that all of them broke while we tried to assemble , except for one of the dinaosaurs . Poorly made and a total waste of money . I should have stuck with those silly Bionicles .
 My son is in second grade and does well in math . Sometimes he reverses his numbers and letters , but not a lot . Even when he wrote his number backwards you could still tell his answer was 5 . That is why it was heartbreaking to see a child confident in math suddenly calling himself stupid because he was n't progressing using FlashMaster . Unfortunately , it took a month of odd failures and tears before my son 's teacher realized he could n't use the Flashmaster because the digital display uses all straight lines . My son could n't consistently tell the difference between the 2 and 5 ! You ca n't tell by looking at my post because of the numbers are made of curved and straight lines . However , if you look at the picture amazon shows of the FlashMaster the 6 x 7 = ? everything is boxy and made of straight lines -LRB- unlike the numberline at the bottom used for answering questions . -RRB- My son has never had a problem using computer programs and nothing had held him back until now . It was the first time he told me he thought he was `` stupid '' and cried . It was the first time he had to deal with his classmates looking at him like there is something wrong with him . It was the first time he was unable to participate in a class activity.If my son was n't good at math the teacher might not have realized why he was failing half his FlashMaster challenges . If the teacher had n't taken the time to sit with my son and watch him work he probably never would have realized my son thought 2 + 2 = 10 because he thought it said 5 + 5 . It took about a month of frustration before anyone realized why my son was doing so poorly . He did n't consistently mix up the 2 & 5 . So if he had n't done so well before FlashMaster was introduced everyone would have thought he just did n't understand math instead of not being able to read the display.If anyone at FlashMaster reads this I hope you consider upgrading your display . It 's not nearly as expensive as it used to be and it matters . Some people may think it does n't matter , but it does .
 This toy is junk . do n't waste your money on this one . My son thought it would be pretty cool . He received this and it was fun for about 5 minutes . The suctions do n't stick to anything and fall off the foam when they hit the floor .
 This was definitely not our best buy ever . The toy is cheaply made and all the little suction cups fell off the darts within the first week . Not that it mattered as they never stuck to anything to begin with . It took all of three weeks for the toy to break in another spot .
 I like that these are larger than most children 's maracas and my girls loved them immediately , but these are very cheaply made and split in 1/2 the 1st day . They need to be handled very gently .
 This is my first Hot Wheels in at least 15 years . I love the new Eclipse -LRB- and esp . the new Eclipse Spyder -RRB- so I bought this to put on top of my LCD monitor . The quality of this diecast model , made in Malaysia , is really poor . The item arrived new but the paint has already faded or chipped off , and the whole thing looks and feels no better than a couple of 99-cent generic diecast cars I bought in Brooklyn last year . Very disappointed . But the 2005 Eclipse Concept Coupe is a beautiful animal !
 Wow . Totally shocked @ how terrible this game really is . Video game graphics from 1995 were WAY better than this game ! The trackball is terrible , making it extremely inconsistent . 3 courses to play , no `` fly-over '' & the trackball make this thing worth the $ 1.50 they spent building it in China . I would n't GIVE this game away to anyone I know , its that bad . I never give negative reviews , but needed to let people know on this one !
 The graphics on this product are awful ! i wouldnt recommend it to anyone . It looks NOTHING like the pictures online , false advertising .
 This is sad . A game that had a ton of potential -LRB- who does n't want to play Golden Tee at home ? -RRB- yet is sorely lacking . I ca n't believe the Golden Tee people put their brand name to this . Hope someone at the company made a buck off this lousy game cause they sure cheapened their name with this junk.The fact that this game runs off batteries should be a warning sign . It 's just plain weak . Complaints
 I had been looking forward to this game for quite some time . I was so happy to finally get the game . After installing the 4 batteries I hooked the game up to my TV and was disappointed before I even started playing . The graphics were horrible and the screen was shaky . Besides the look of the control panel this is nothing like the real game you find in the bars . I am surprised Incredible Technologies was willing to put their name on this product . The trackball is a joke . It barely spins and you ca n't get any power on your shots . You never see the golfer like you do in the real game and when you are putting you ca n't adjust for hill , terrain , or anything else . Putting is too easy . There is no way to miss . Driving and fairway shots are unreliable because the weak trackball does n't respond to what you intend to do . I do n't have the money or the room in my place to buy the arcade version so I figured this would be a good substitute . Boy was I wrong . There is no course selection and the course you do play is absolutely boring . I am going to return this unit tomorrow . It is way too frustrating and there is no way to get any enjoyment from this game . I think I am going to head to the bar now , play the real game , and drink until the memory of this cheap imitation is long gone.As I side note
 I WROTE A REVIEW FOR THIS GAME ON TARGET.COM , BUT I JUST WANTED TO ADD ONE MORE NOTE TO MY REVIEW , OR MORESO , THE IMAGE THAT YOU SEE IN THIS AD . LOOK AT THE SCREEN ON THE TV , THIS IS NOT , I REPEAT , NOT !!!! WHAT THE GAME LOOKS LIKE . I CONTACTED TARGET.COM TO LET THEM KNOW THAT WHAT THEY ARE DOING IS FALSE ADVERTISING AND THEY RETURNED MY SHIPPING COST IMMEDIATELY . BUT NONETHELESS , DO N'T BE FOOLED BY THE SCREENSHOT , IT IS FROM THE REAL ARCADE GAME , NOT THE PLUG-N-PLAY YOU ARE LOOKING TO BUY . LIKE THE OTHER REVIEW , I AGREE WITH EVERYTHING ! GO TO THE BAR AND PLAY THE REAL GAME AND SAVE YOUR MONEY , FRUSTRATION , DISAPPOINTMENT , AND THE GAS MONEY TO GO RETURN THE GAME THE NEXT DAY . TRUST ME , YOU WILL .
 I bought this from Target and wish I had n't now . The images on the box are deceiving . I think Atari or orginal Nintendo may have had better graphics than this ! It 's not even close to the game you 'd play at the local tavern or bowling alley . What a waste of money , hope you do n't waste yours on this too because you will be GREATLY disappointed !
 I am now the laughing stock of my friends , why because I payed money for the lamest excuse of a 8 bit console tv plug and play ever . My atari plug and play has better graphics and feel than this . There are bars that have the projected GTEE screen that makes the game all most real I feel my little tv had to much resolution for this toy making it feel not so real in fact in two words `` it sucks '' .
 I suppose for a game based on 20 + year old tech it 's not so bad , but compared to the Jakks Pacific version of Golden Tee this thing stinks . Only one course , even worse graphics , no announcer , no scoreboard , no memory , NO FUN . Skip this . The JP version is the ACTUAL original arcade version of Golden Tee and is superior in every way.I 've given mine to Goodwill already after one round .
 The description about these invitations/thank you notes says `` 16 count '' when there are only 8 of each . I ordered these for my daughter 's birthday party expecting 16 invitations . By the time they arrived it was too late to order another pack so we were stuck going to the party supply store and buying other invitations .
 The ball had a ripped seam and thus was flat within a week 's wear . My 9 year old son used it daily at recess with his friends . Probably got kicked against a brick wall . Surely expected it to last better than this . Surely expected more from a `` size 5 professional '' ball . Had kicked an addidas around until it was almost fuzzy it was so scuffed ; it did n't rip or go flat . This Franklin was cheap
 Got this from another website because I had a store credit , and it was on a huge markdown . My 5 year old son and I were excited to try it but the graphics were horrible and it did n't connect well with the skateboard - I ca n't believe other people even gave it more than 1 star . Maybe we got a defective version but basically it was a complete waste of $ and we threw it out -- and he was n't even upset when I threw it out .
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas . He has never really played with it much at all . It does not respond as I think it should to the skateboard you are standing on . The graphics are n't great either . All in all it was a disappointment . Do n't expect it to be anything like the WI
 I hate this toy so much ! Hurricane -LSB- stinks -RSB- . And roseys a fat loser . Everybody thinks he 's cool . He 's a stinkin super hero . they should put him in a mental hospital . and rosey should go to jenny craig . In my conclussion i think he -LSB- stinks -RSB- . jake
 Hats were never shipped . Instead a ceramic dashhound -LRB- wiener dog -RRB- was shipped that was to be painted.Invoice and shipping notice had the hats but somehow no hats wre in the box . It was too late to reship and correct problem cause birthday party was scheduled and did n't want to take a chance on re ordering .
 After one use this toy broke . It was n't dropped or misused . . it just does not work at ALL ! I 'd love to get my cash back . This toy was the worst toy i 've ever purchased .
 I bought this toy from my son in June . It lasted two times at the pool . The inside rotted the batteries & is not at all airtight .
 The whole collection of Rose Petal Cottage are so cute ! And overall well made besides these products . These are cheaply made ! Plus the changing table does nothing . To me , Hasbro should make a draw to hold diapers and clothes for the Baby Alive wet and giggles and other Baby Alives . Then it would tie in and market better . Over all I would purchase all the other items that go with the rose petal cottage but would save my money on this item and purchase a different crib set . The crib is very cheaply made and does not come with a blanket or a mat at the bottom so you can see the cheap plastic at the bottom . Both me and a friend are reselling ours . Do n't waiste your money !
 When I put it together then I knew why it was on sale , however the sale price was too much ! The plastic edging does n't fit ; it is shorter than advertized . The baby changer has no bottom and both items are very cheaply made ! My daughter -LRB- 27 months ! -RRB- liked it at first then after a few hours complained that one of her 14 '' dolls would not fit . She thought she could put clothes in the baby changer and was disappointed when she was n't able to . She shortly stopped playing with it and I plan to return it to Toysrus ! Would not recommend . Will spend more money for a better set !
 its a candle , nothing exciting , ours came with the legs broken off which was a bummer . Amazon did refund after I shipped it back .
 These set screws are not a toy or part of a toy . They arrived and I am completely satisfied with the quality and the delivery process . Pricing was a bit high , but acceptable.D . Thomas
 Same here worked the first few times . Now the air just leaks around the red button . 5 minutes of fun now just sad faces and complaining
 A great looking rocket while it 's on the ground . Unfortunately , it stays there so you 'll have a lot of time to look at it ...
 I ordered this toy for my 4 year old grandson . The first one arrived and it was defective . The valve leaked and the rocket could not launch . Then I ordered a replacement and the replacement was just as defective as the first one . It looked like such a wonderful toy for an active little boy , but wound up being one big disappointment and nuisance with handling the two returns . DO NOT BUY THIS I had to rate this item and it really should be rated 0 instead of one star
 My grandson was very excited when he opened his Birthday present , but after the second blast off it started leaking air around the red button you push for blast off . Very disappointed . I was going to return the set , but my grandson would not let go of the rockets . My son improvised and made him a ` blast off ' anyway .
 This looks so much cooler than it is.It never worked for us . The air would n't get to the rocket . There was clearly a piece shaking around in the base that was broken.I know it looks cool , do n't waste your time and money .
 It worked for the 1st 5 minutes , but after that it broke . You pump and pump and when you hit the button all the air fizzes out and the rocket goes nowhere ! I loved it at first because my 3 year old son could operate it -LRB- with adult supervision -RRB- ... the rocket flies high and you have to make sure there are n't any faces in the way . He still loved making the rocket fly with his own arms so I guess it was n't a total waste !
 This toy seemed to have major potential , but actually it 's a piece of JUNK.You pump and pump and nothing happens . Do n't buy it , sad but true .
 I bought this for my son 's sixth birthday -- not worth it at all . It never worked , not even once . Both my father-in-law and my father tried to get it to do something and they could n't . -LRB- They are both extremely handy . -RRB- It seems sturdy and the airplanes look like they could withstand the impact of falling , provided you could get the thing to launch . Unfortunately , we never managed to get it to launch .
 The product arrived completely defective . The pump does not pump any air . There is absolutely no way to make it work . Inside the base , there is a loose piece , apparently . It 's obviously made with terrible quality control . I will seek a refund . I do n't understand why these toy companies insist on such low quality . I 'd be willing to pay more money , just do n't sell me a piece of garbage like this .
 This toy worked for under 5 minutes before it leaked air at the launch button !! Absolutely no way to fix it !! My son was devastaed !!
 We have lots of drawing pads , little ones for both cars & bigger ones for the house . The Barbie drawing pad gets a big 0 in our book . It does not Erase well and who wants to draw another picture over the remains of an old one.The tools fall out too .
 I got this toy to have onhand for my granddaughter to use when she visits . She used it -- gently -- only twice before the erasing feature quit working .
 My 3 year old daughter loves drawing on her magna doodle , we have also had other such toys which have all worked excellently . She also enjoys Barbie and pink so I thought this would be a perfect choice . It did n't turn out so great though . Firstly it broke in about ten seconds , we eventually unscrewed the back and reattached the magnetic strip which had come unstuck . Then I realised that if your left handed the cord which attaches to the pen is too short to draw comfortably . Also the little magnets that sit along the side fall out everytime my daughter carries it by the handle . So those are already history . I would recommend you invest in the old faithful Fisher Price Magna Doodle instead .
 My daughter had lots of fun with the barbie doodle . She only played with it for only a few times until the toy broke . The sliding eraser does n't work .
 I am surprised some say the durability is excellent . We bought one and within 15 min . the eraser detatched , so I returned it and the first time we tried to use the next one , we had the same problem . I am affraid to purchase another Doodle Pro item after experiencing this one .
 The only reason I ordered these soccer themed Wilton cupcake toppers online was because I really wanted something fun for our itty bitty soccer team 's last game party . I could not find these in any of the local bake supply places where I live -LRB- L.A. -RRB- - bad timing . The soccer cupcake toppers I received were clearly laying around in the back of some baking section for YEARS or for long enough period of time for them to become discolored -LRB- !! -RRB- . They were yellowed , DISGUSTING looking and impossibly stuck to the cardboard backing , of course , because they were so old . Shame of whoever sold them to me -- they had to have looked at these items before putting them in the box for shipping . Never use this vendor -- Thumbs way down !
 Really . How could this happen ? Was it not inspected ? This was to be a special Xmas gift . I am so angry I do n't even know if I will contact the sender . THE WINGS WERE SEWN ON UPSIDE DOWN . Lovecraft may have enjoyed the cosmic irony , but I am totally dismayed .
 We bought this for my son last Christmas when he was 13 months . He had no interest in it at all . I thought maybe it as because it was a little old for him , but a year later he could still care less . It will be joining the rest of Smartville in my next yard sale .
 My kids were n't very interested in this toy . I thought it was cute at first but the shape of the microphone leaves the adults feeling very uncomfortable to touch it due to its shape . Do you see what I mean ? Zoom on in !
 Normally I am 100 % satisfied with all the Sassy toys I have purchased , but this one I am not happy with . I found after several months of play , the paint on the fish has come off . As babies put everything in their mouth , the paint peel can be very problematic . I ended up throwing the fish away . The paint on the butt of the net has faded slightly , but has not literally peeled off as has happened with the fish .
 I am sorry to say that I had to throw this toy away just a month after I bought it . My one year old son had one of the fish in his mouth and the blue paint was all over his hands and mouth . I can not believe how easily the paint comes off of this toy . I am sure this is NOT safe for children . I loved the idea of this toy and am not happy it ended up in the garbage .
 This item do not work.i received it with leaking batteries inside the toy.we counld n't get it to work after replacing them with new battiers.Etch A Sketch gets a zero ! the owner 's are `` sixanimals2kids '' . refused to give a refund .
 Hard to follow instructions , I ended up throwing it in a drawer after trying to get the hang of it after 5 minutes . If you want to buy one , I will GIVE you mine : -RRB- TOTAL waste of money .
 The toy is a good idea , but it needs to be more user friendly , instructions are hard to follow , even for adults , maybe not quite so much activities at one time , could simplify some for younger players .
 The designs on these place mats are adorable , but the color comes off very easily . We got a truck one and I thought the ink came off because I was using vinegar to clean it sometimes . I tried getting another one and I 've used a very mild soap . The same thing is happening . It looks awful and I ca n't imagine it 's great for kids to eat the ink . I am very disappointed with this product .
 Got this in the mail today . Cute picture but totally overpriced . They are way too flimsy and feel cheap . Almost like a disposable placemat . I would not recommend this product .
 I love the educational value of this place mat . We had fun with it at first . But , every time I wipe -LRB- not scrape -RRB- some stuck-on food off of the place mat , It wipes the color off . It looks terrible and cheap now . Wish I had n't wasted my money !
 The placemats say `` avoid abrasives '' , and they are n't kidding ! Simply putting plates on them will scratch the design and chip the surface . After two weeks of light use & wiping off with a sponge , they 're ready to be thrown away .
 The first time you wash this placemat or try to wipe it down , the image of the dancers gets wiped away too . My daughter loves this , but I just wish it were laminated .
 First of all , the holes for the handle part did not line up with the holes in the main part it 's supposed to be attached to . Secondly it fell apart like a house of cards with just a little toddler handling by my son
 I do not recommend this ! If I could return it , I would . It is very lightweight , so when my son pushes on it , it almost accelerates out of his reach . Then , when he tries to pull back on it , it tips backward and he has fallen several times on his back . Furthermore , the blue paint is terrible . It gets everywhere . I have blue streaks on my walls -LRB- where he bumped the walls -RRB- and hardwood floors after he used it just a few times . Although my son loves the `` clacking '' sounds it makes and the spinning shapes on the handle , there is a real safety issue when using this and I really do n't have the patience to scrub all the blue paint off my floors after every use . I have never before reviewed a product online , but I am so unhappy with this that I felt I needed to let others know .
 I love Melissa and Doug toys , so when I saw this push toy I thought it was very cute . However , I only had the toy about three days and both back wheels popped off ! We barely even used it . So unfortunately I would not recommend this toy . I may have just gotten a random bad model , but it was not worth the money I paid for .
 Within two days of receipt the glued seams began separating . The wheels , which were warped from day one , stopped rolling and just slid accross the floor . Consequently the alligators stopped chomping and clacking . Trying to put this thing back together to a point where it functions correctly takes more time than it is worth . Our 22 month old has moved on and enjoys pushing his big plastic baseball bat around the house more than playing with this heavy wooden dust collector .
 I bought this walker for my Son 's 1st birthday , and it is really cute . But it only lasted for a dozen or so pushes around the living room before the wheel fell off ! I have gorilla glued it two times now and tried to nail it back on and that was very difficult . I think there is better out there and for lot less money .
 I was happy with this until the top bar came loose just a few days after we bought it ! My 20 month old fell forward and landed with his neck on one of the vertical parts . It was terrible , and all because their glue did n't hold . If you buy this , please screw the top bar in place so this does n't happen to you . This is not the only Melissa and Doug toy we have had glue issues with . Not recommended .
 Received this cool-looking toy today after my wife and I had `` stalked '' it for months in our local toy store . Unfortunately , we were unable to assemble it because the embedded nuts in the base of the handle were off-center -LRB- by about 1/8 '' on one side , a bit better on the other -RRB- . As a result the bolts would not seat properly in the nut and were difficult to turn -LRB- probably cross-threaded them -RRB- . Anyway , after attempting to get the bolts in for twenty minutes , the hex tool bolt heads finally stripped out ... GAME OVER . I 'm tempted to throw a couple lag screws in it and call it a day , but I may just send it back on general principle .
 This item looks great , but within 3 months of use by a calm 10 month old 2 pieces of wood chipped off in very dangerous choking-hazard sizes . I do not recommend and am hoping for a refund . We 'll see .
 This toy is nice looking and built with quality , but that is its downfall . A child can not turn it easily when pushing or pulling it because there is no steering capability . This toy is probably more appropriate for a two or three year old . I would not recommend buying this toy unless your child was at least thirty pounds or if your child is two or older .
 My Grandson loved this toy . He is 10 months old and was pushing it everywhere . Two of the alligators broke the first weekend that he had it . He still loves it but I was disappointed that it broke so easily .
 We borrowed this alligator push toy from a friend . My daughter -LRB- 20 mos -RRB- loves it , and it seems to be well constructed.I hate it!Every time she goes to push it I cringe . The thing is so loud , it 's unbearable . Maybe my apartment is extra echo-y . I do n't know .
 I was happy with this until the top bar came loose just a few days after we bought it ! My 20 month old fell forward and landed with his neck on one of the vertical parts . It was terrible , and all because their glue did n't hold . If you buy this , please screw the top bar in place so this does n't happen to you . This is not the only Melissa and Doug toy we have had glue issues with . Not recommended .
 We bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and she loved it during the first week she played with it . However , wooden slivers from the plywood side panel began flaking and breaking off almost immediately . Each broken piece is about an inch long and incredibly dangerous . We have taken it away from her and will be returning it as soon as I have time . What a shame . I previously loved Melissa & Doug products .
 My mother in law bought this toy for our 1 yr old daughter and one of the side alligators broke off almost immediately . We returned the toy , and got a replacement and the same thing happened with the center alligator . I ca n't understand why this keeps happening , but we will ask for a refund instead of a replacement . Although she likes pushing it around , this toy is bad news on functioning properly .
 Wow , what a bummer . We have lots of Melissa and Doug toys , and I 've always been very happy with their quality and durability . This one however , is shameful ! My first clue should have been as I was taking it out of the box , the top layer of cheap wood splintered off . Had I bought it in a store , I 'd have taken it right back . This was a birthday present for our daughter though , and bought online , so I thought `` Well , it 's just one strip of wood . '' Our child loved this toy right away ... that being said , within the first week the entire area of blue wood began splintering off . All over the floor . Not only could my daughter have choked on a piece , but she could have scraped or cut herself , etc.Cheap craftsmanship aside , my daughter has lost her balance and toppled over the top bar twice , and hit her head on the wooden alligators . Now , the toy did n't cause her to lose her balance , but considering this is a toy made for toddlers , and toddlers tend to topple , would n't they have thought of the possible injuries?Overall , an INCREDIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT and I 'm sorry to say that it 's made me a little wary of Melissa and Doug toys in general .
 My son loved this toy when he saw that he could walk with it . It was so cute and he was so cute pushing it . A simple trip and he hit his forehead on the sharp edged spinning fish and left a gash right between his eyes that the Dr said would leave a scar ! There was blood everywhere ! I see from the reviews that this has happened to others and I ca n't believe that they have n't fixed it by rounding off the edges since it 's a known issue .
 I had been admiring this toy for so long and was thrilled to get it as a gift . When I took it out though , it seemed rather flimsy . Initially it went too fast for my son . He prefers a plastic one that we got as a hand-me-down . It surprises me because I think that this one is so much more fun . The big issue , and the reason why I have put it away , is that he was investigating the alligators and got his finger completely stuck in the place where the mouth of one of the aligators fits into the blue base . I am still not sure how he did it . I was unable to get it out and he was screaming . My husband ran to help and finally just yanked it out . It was very traumatic . In the end , his finger just was scraped and bruised , but I would n't want it to happen again .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was starting to walk , and it is a nice-looking thing ; wooden and retro and the alligators are very cute and all that . However , I just do n't see how this can be any good unless you live in , like , The Overlook Hotel or some big modern loft with smoothly carpeted or concrete floors . Because this thing just does not work in a little Craftsman bungalow with wonky hardwoods covered in oriental rugs . It gets caught on everything -LRB- especially fringes -RRB- and causes baby much frustration with steering because of the wheels , you see . I 've found that my daughter -LRB- who walks well on her own now -RRB- much prefers to push around a $ 5 plastic laundry basket which has the added bonus of providing a place for her to ride when I push her .
 I was So dissapointed to find that this , and now I 've learned most other toys from Melissa and Doug , is made in chinaIt lost 3 stars just for that.That being said , my son loves it already at 5 months . He likes watching it when we push it or playing with the Gus on the back when he 's sitting next to it
 i never put reviews on these things but my son was 13months old & went to push this toy , slipped & his face hit the handle ... busted his lip & it required 5 stitches by a plastic surgeon . this toy is dangerous in my opinion . we threw it out immediately .
 I was so excited to buy this walker for my 11 month old son . When it arrived I was very pleased to see it only had two parts to assemble ! But due to poor craftmanship we could n't even screw the screws into place . My husband had to take it out to the garage and `` fix it '' so we could actually assemble it . After it was assembled we noticed that 1 of the 3 alligators that go up and down was n't working.However , my son does LOVE this walker . And I do like that it is made out of wood and not plastic .
 This walker was smaller then other ones we had tried . It was too small for our 1 year old who is learning to walk . This should be called a `` mini '' walker .
 It is adorable , classic and kids love it . Unfourtuantely it means when they are using it you hear this very loud clacking , like they are banging wood on wood . As they get older and run faster it is unbearable ! We were constantly hiding it . It was in the closet more than it was out .
 I thought this would be GREAT fun for my daughter ; however , it was broken staight out of the box ... There was a hole in the front NO patch kit to be found , and it was small . Another problem was it was such thin plastic , we live in 120 degree weather for summer , and it became very thin while we blew it up already . I would not buy this again !
 I was really excited to buy this toy for my 2 year old son . it looked like the perfect size for him . When I received the pool , it was not even usable . The seam of the pool was split in 4 places . To make things worse , I ca n't return the pool , the company only sends out replacements . I am now having to dispute through my credit card company . THIS IS NOT WORTH THE HASSLE !
 This is lot of pieces but it is good Yap.Its hard to build the KRUSTY KRAB Restaurant but I made it WHOO Its hard but it was fun .
 There were a thousand little pieces with very hard to understand directions . This is not good for smaller children . My 6 yr . old . gave up on it . It took an adult a long time to figure out how to put it together . Once together , the kids played for a short period of time and got bored . It is not something to take apart and put together repeatedly .
 This set was a Christmas present for my 5 y.o. daughter who is a huge fan of Legos and Spongebob . Parents should n't be too phased by the age recommendation of 7-12 if your child is experienced with Legos and willing to accept a little help from Mom and Dad now and then.This set was missing several pieces - literally , 79 pieces to be exact . The only thing we were able to build was the dumpster and all the characters -LRB- SpongeBob , Mr Crabs , Plankton and Squidward -RRB- . I had to go to Lego-dot-com and request the missing pieces one by one which was quite tedious . I just got an automatic email reply about Lego 's strict quality standards and how they weigh boxes electronically but occasionally 1 or 2 pieces may be missing . I question whether they will even believe so many pieces are missing , but the number of missing pieces is absolutely unacceptable . I 'm thankful my daughter is patient and distracted with other Christmas gifts . This could have evolved into a serious meltdown.Knowing all this , for any Lego set I buy now I will count all pieces before we begin attempting to build the set . This will be a huge PITA , but sadly one that I have resigned myself to !
 I bought the Go Go Video Vision for Christmas for my 6-year-old , and aside from needing TONS of light , it works great . However , we put the Whac-a-Mole cartridge in and only half the screen worked . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Wow . What a waste of money . This stuff stained my son 's brand new pants right off the bat . A piece landed on his pants and now he has a big brown spot on them . Yes , it 's pliable , but it comes in bags , not nice little resealable cups like Plato . How are we supposed to store it ? My 5 year old son got tired of messing with it and in five minutes told me to throw it away and get his Plato out . What a bummer !
 This is the worst toy of the sigma 6 . Duke looks bugeyed and unrealistic.He is A Real American Hero not a bugeyed robot.His weapons are so unrealistic `` PLASM '' in weapons how fake.The only good thing about this toy is IT LOOKS GOOD IN THE TRASH !!!!!!!!
 Obviously someone in the design department is out-of-touch with the entire concept of GI Joe as an action figure . The new 8-inch `` Sigma 6 '' figures are creepy and bug-like , not to mention unrealistic and disproportionate . Sure , you could argue that the 33/4 inch joes and the 12 inch joes are also unrealistic , but at least they bear some resemblance to actual people , and not deformed grasshopper/swamp creatures.A few months ago , I went to my local toy store looking for what new 33/4 inch figures might be on their shelves , only to find they had wiped out the entire Joe section . Needless to say , I was dreadfully disappointed , thinking Hasbro was through making GI Joe figures altogether . When I found out that they were actually replacing the small Joes with these 8 inch `` things '' , I realized it would have been better to not have any new GI Joe action figures at all.The only positive thing about 8 inch Duke is the durability . Accessories are limited , even moreso considering you wo n't be able to use any of your 12 inch figure accessories -LRB- which are interchangeable with other brands and figures , such as Ken dolls -RRB- . This limits Duke 's accessories to being only what comes in the box . Also his clothes are molded plastic and not changeable , which takes all the creativity out of having a large figure . Understanding that the purpose of this figure is to be a technologically aware militaristic toy ... still , is n't it nice to have an action figure that is versatile ? I find that play options with commando Duke are limited , and do not provoke the imagination as much as a 12 inch figure would.The biggest problem I have with Commando Duke is that he looks far less than human . The great thing about GI Joe figures is their presentation of military characters as `` real american heroes '' . What is `` real '' about the robotic body of commando Duke ? Nothing . I understand if the company wanted to do something to improve their sales but sometimes you just should n't mess with a good thing .
 This is a very expensive set . Personally I did n't think it was worth it . Very hard to follow instructions with very small , easy to lose pieces . Way too difficult for small children to put together . Once together it was fun too play with but still not worth the money .
 We used to really look forward to the Lego Advent Calendars . They were always fun and reflective of the holidays . The individual pieces used to always be about Christmas.So what happened this year ? We 're only 10 days into it and there 's nothing at all Christmassy about it . We 've gotten a welding cart -LRB- complete with tanks -RRB- , a dog -LRB- ho ho ho -RRB- , a wheelbarrow with pick and broom -LRB- that 's the Christmas spirit , eh ? -RRB- . I mean what 's next ... a shovel ? I guess Santa -LRB- or Lego -RRB- must think we 've been bad or something . Bah Humbug !
 We have been avid fans of the Lego Advent Calendar but this year , so far it has been a bunch of mini-figures . Previous year 's calendars had a variety of characters like birds , angels , etc. . This year 's version so far is pretty boring . I probably wo n't purchase these again if they continue to produce a calendar that is so non-exciting .
 First of all let me say I really feel like a sucker for purchasing this toy for my daughter ! It was a huge disappointment and a huge waste of money ... honestly!I was able to find it for $ 50 with free shipping . Got it for my 61/2 year old for Christmas ... I let the kids each open 1 gift a week before Christmas and the Fuzz Luv happens to be the gift she opened . It got played with for MAYBE 30/45 minutes immediately after she opened it and has not been touched since . # 1 The baby does not stay `` in '' the fuzz luv mom very well ... It just falls out constantly , and because of this it never `` birthed '' the baby , it just fell out and would n't stay in . # 2 The obnoxious noises it makes are LOUD , with NO volume control.You 'd by far be better off purchasing a Squackers McKaw , or even an old Furby ... they are much more fun and do a lot more than this toy that only make odd and loud clicking noises and squats up and down.Like the other reviews on this toy , no one in my family was entertainded by this toy , no adults wanted to play with it -LRB- only put it away -RRB- and it did n't even take 24 hours to become a shelved forgotten toy.They sure saw me coming with my debit card and the word SUCKER written across my forehead for this purchase!Please feel free to read my other reviews and see the I am not a regular writer of bad reviews , I only log on a review things when I think they are super great ... but this toy was such a waste I wanted to warn other parents !
 This toy is so not fun . Any reviewer who said it is fun and exciting for children and adults is obviously an investor in the ridiculously overpriced and underperforming product . Like others have said , I was a sucker for forking out $ 50 for this sad waste of time . My 7 year old daughter and I were alternately bored and irritated trying to get the thing to react and respond in promised cute ways . My daughter wants to keep the baby - which equals $ 50 spent on a pom pom with googley eyes . The toy itself will be stuffed into a box bound for GoodWill for some other kid to be irritated with , and ultimately to languish in a landfill where its chemical-laden , non-bio-degradeable parts will rest for eons to come . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this toy .
 This ugly thing was the # 1 item on my daughter 's christmas list . I bought it . Christmas day comes , she opens it , it works for 5 minutes and stops working completely . Ok . Everyone is completely sold out . Everywhere . Three months later I finally find one ... I drive an hour to exchange this ridiculous thing . So now we have a working one . It does nothing but stand up and wiggle it 's arms , and make this annoying noise . Totally does not do what 's on the commercial . She 's played with it twice . My 3 year old even thinks it 's dumb .
 I am shocked that this toy originally sold for $ 50 . It 's not even close to being worth that much . I got it for a vastly discounted price , so I do n't feel quite so ripped off.It does n't do very much for $ 50 , but for less than $ 20 it is a cute little source of amusement . My 10 month old is fascinated with the sounds it makes and how it moves , but I doubt a child much older would get very much enjoyment out of it , as it is very simple . Also , it is extremely hard to keep mine happy -- it scares very easily , even at sounds that are the exact same pitch and volume as ones that just made it coo with pleasure . I can rarely get the button on the top that makes it purr to work -- it 's very difficult to find and successfully push in . We 've played with it for days , and it has n't had the baby yet , I suspect either because it 's broken or it will only have it when it 's happy , and that 's impossible to achieve . I envy the people that said the baby came out to easily -- I want to take the thing apart and rip it out so I can see what it looks like .
 My daughter received this as a gift and it was such a disappointment . It is really really loud and it does n't grow like it was described . Also , the baby that was supposed to appear at a later date , was already loose in the box . She played with it for a couple of days , now it 's on a shelf in her room .
 I would not reccomend this it is a great house and very fun but not very durable the plastic joints break very easy and they dont make these anymore so you cant get replacement pieces so once it breaks its trash I wouldnt waste the money .
 Supposedly this is `` easy '' to put together . . sure teh frame is easy and as long as you have about 8 hands to help with the cloth part for on top , a genius IQ to figure out the picture directions , I 'm sure thats helpful but doing it on your own , forget it . I 'm still trying to figure it out and sitting here frustrated after an HOUR of velcroing these pieces to the frame to have it look weird ... its not fitting right . My kids have knocked over my attempts , putting it together a few times and for the moment while i sit here and type this out of sheer frustration the annoyingness of it all , I threw a sheet over the thing and they are just as happy with that . Have n't even attempted the stove , nor do I really want to at this point ... anyone want this `` fun '' toy ?? I 'll gladly ship it off to another person who wants to deal with it .
 My opinion of the product + Durable and easy to set up + large enough for both my girls to play in comfortably-The add on products are very not very good . They may look cool but they are not as durable -LRB- always falling apart -RRB- and are not much fun for the kids to play with-This toy takes up way to much room-Even put in the stored postition it still takes up a lot of roomMy girls loved this for about the first 2 weeks . Since they have totally lost interest . I believe that with better accesories it would be very good . They are not durable and really do not encourage play.The house is very durable and well made .
 This thing has been nothing but trouble from the moment we took it out of the box . It was a pain to put together . It 's huge . My kids kept leaning against the sides and knocking it over . Then , they somehow climbed on top and cracked the frame . Now , I have half a cottage and it sits in her room full of all her stuffed animals . I think they played nicely in it once before it got totally trashed .
 I bought this Cottage as a birthday gift for my 3-year old daughter . It was NOT EASY to assemble . You have to essentially `` build '' the frame with dozens of pipes and connectors then you have to pull the fabric cover pretty tight over the frame while zipping it up at the same time . Kind of annoying.My high-energy daughter was quickly bored with it except for using it to hide in during tag . After some rowdy play in and around the Cottage with friends , half of it was eventually ruined . The connector pieces for the frame broke and the fabric lining collapsed . We had to toss it out in the trash . -LRB- The other half sits in the basement and no one seems remotely interested in playing in it . -RRB- If you have a rough and tough , energetic kid , then this toy is definitely not for them . If you have a sweet , gentle kid who likes to sit quietly and play tea party with her dolls , then it is . -LRB- And as of this date , I saw the Cottage at Toys ` R'Us for $ 15 on sale ! -RRB-
 SO ADORABLE !!! BUT , OUR ARRIVED WITH FAULTY STITCHING AND THE PINK SIDE COVER WOULD NOT FIT . HAD TO CUT IT ACROSS THE BOTTOM TO PUT IT ON . WILL BE CALL HASBRO IN THE A.M. BESIDES THAT , THE MATERIAL FOR THE ACCESSORIES ARE AWESOME@@ I HOPE M LITTLE ONE LOVES IT !!!
 This may be a fun product ONCE it is put together , but putting the cottage together is a nightmare , and took both me and my husband forever.The cover was not going over the frame how the instructions showed.The rest of the stuff was easy , but the cottage was a nightmare.Hopefully once it is put together the kids will enjoy playing with it .
 I ordered this kit for my daughter who is interested in architecture . It comes with several sheets of printed paper and you have to cut everything out yourself -LRB- windows , furniture , sinks , tubs , etc. etc -RRB- ! This will take several hours to do -LRB- I 've done it along with my daughter -RRB- and we are not done yet . The instructions are poor and you have to use glue to put it together . It is very open ended which is OK if that is what you are looking for , but hardly a toy for a beginner !!!
 The kit would be ok if you know construction or home design , just a pack of paper , no floor plan , not a kit to build more of printed material to use .
 I was very disappointed in this item ! The word `` Cream '' is quite misleading . The color of the paper is NOT cream , it 's more the color of a manila envelope -LRB- light yellow/orange -RRB- ... look under the picture of the item being sold ... that 's the true color of the paper ! It also does n't feel heavyweight to me , I tore the first page trying to get it out of the ream . I would send it back , if it would n't cost more than it 's worth in shipping/handling . The size of the paper is also too long to draw comfortably on . I 'll probably let my grandchildren use it for folding some origami shapes , etc. . What a waste !!!
 My DD got it when she was 18mth for x-mas , she never was into it . The sound is too quiet , it doesnt do very much and all in all waste of good $ 25 !
 This is an older plastic model so I was n't expecting too much , it 's a very basic model but the plastic is very soft to work with so do n't sand it too much other than that it will look ok once finished
 What is not appealing to building structures that allow a child to have fun being creative in creating courses to see some marble wind its way around and get to the destination , everyone remembers the game Mousetrap -LRB- tm -RRB- right ? Kids make a course out of parts that glow in the dark to make it more interesting once the course is complete . However , the thing that plagues this product is its poor quality . Some children have a hard time building things to begin with as they focus to have a steady hand ... now add cheap components to the mix . Eventually , one will try to connect some parts together and the * SNAP * will occur leaving the child with two pieces instead of one ... both of which are now useless . Bottom line , even though it is neat to have a glow in the dark marble set , consider other alternative marble sets as there are plenty available . This one is lacking too much quality .
 I used to play with young kids with bristle blocks a lot about 20 years ago ; they were wonderful ; creative , fun , great.I was disappointed in these `` Krinkles '' ; which I just purchased . They look like the old bristle blocks I used to have ; but they just do n't stay together . It 's not fun to play with the kids and have their creations fall apart every time they try to build something.I 'm going to have to pay more , I guess , and buy the real thing that works .
 I wanted Bristle Blocks , but did n't want to pay the high price , so ordered these Krinkles , but I do n't like them . They do n't stick together right and the kids get frustrated because they keep falling apart . My advice
 Our local library had a set of bristle blocks that were amazing . I had never seen or heard of them before , but my then 2-3 year old son loved to play with them after story time , so I decided to get some for home . Well , this product was more than disappointing - the pieces just would not stay together at all . I do n't know whether it 's because they are softer and more flexible or what , but nothing he built would hold together , in fact most of the time it fell apart before he was even finished building ... what could be more frustrating than that ??? No one at our library could remember the brand / make of their blocks , but obviously they are not all the same . I would not recommend this .
 Our boys love blocks - all kinds . We were thrilled when they received these from their grandparents but were quickly disappointed in the usability . The blocks wo n't stay together . We tried to replicate the designs on the packaging and found we simply could not . In addition , while the idea of a carrying case is great , again , the function is not there . The clasp on one side fell off the first time it was opened . I would not recommend this product .
 Bag ball is cheaply made . Flimsy and unstable structure , plastic rods , poles and brackets to put together . The plastic poles broke while my husband was trying to put together . Very disappointed in the quality of this product . We will be sending it back for a refund .
 I bought this for my two boys to play with . It is only one board , I thought it was going to be two boards . So what happens is only person plays at a time . I thought it was going to be like other yard bag games , but it was n't . We were disappointed . It might say in the description it is only one board , I 'm not sure . I did n't remember reading it or I would not have bought it . The quality of the games was good .
 I was very disappointed . It ended up not being what I know as suede . I felt the discription was very misleading . To my knowledge this item is not suede but velvet , and while it is pretty , I do n't think that my father would like to play backgammon with his friends on a blue velvet board . So I will be returning this item .
 I just received this shipment of birthday rubber ducks . I open the package and was incredibly disappointed . These ducks are dirty with ink serial number all over them and not nearly the quality that is shown in the picture . I may have gotten a bad batch but my feeling is that they are NOT WORTH THE PRICE OR TIME !!!!!!
 They made nice pet toys and I 've always been a stickler on keeping my ducks in a row . Nice targets too .
 These are much smaller than I expected!They are still pretty cute and work for a small party favor bag as long as you do n't plan for these to be your only favor . We did n't need them to float but they do n't do that well . The bottom is printed with orientaltradingcompany.com which is a little tacky I thought but for the price these were still a fun addition to our party bags .
 These are the very small ducks and they are cute , but the paint job for the hats was n't very good . I wanted something for a mixed age group of kids and thought these would be good . They were just okay .
 I was really shocked by how small these actually were . And as other people have stated the paint job is horrible . I shouldnt have expected much but I expected a little more than what I recieved .
 We got 3 dozens different rubber ducks from Amazon and this group is the worst dozen . The paint feels like it is not completely dried and it rubbed off on the bodies of the ducks . Also , these ducks do not quack/squeak because the blow hole is not on the bottom , it is where the mouth is ; these ducks are more like water squirters .
 I bought these for my son 's 1st birthday party as party favors but when they arrived , I realized how small they are and that his baby friends could bite the little ball off the top of the hat and possibly choke . This would make a cute cake decoration but that 's about it .
 My daughter lovs music and received this as a birthday gift . Loved the music and songs it played ! We put it in water for 10 minutes and it has never played since !! The battery compartment obviously had water in it - NOT waterproof !! We are still trying to dry it out , hoping to revive it !
 A fairly good representation of a TR-3 . however , the model lacks detail , like a blurry word , you can see it but you have to think , a bit , to find out what it says '
 Love Harry Potter . Seriously such a huge fan of everything harry potter . I was about to buy this backpack but I just could n't because the eyes freak me out : / wish they had another model of this !
 Does not stay on the wall . Tried 3 different times with 3 different methods of mounting . Terrible product
 I loved this item . Yes , it 's big . . but I liked the scoop for the toys , the holes for air-drying , the ability to hang things from it and the fact that it can hold the baby wash . But , like many others have said , it will not stick on the tile . We have smooth tile in the bathroom . I installed Mr. Frog and was happy with him ... until he came crashing down with a loud boom and bangs as the soap fell . I was home alone with the baby and it scared me badly . I returned him.If you can drill holes in your shower wall -LRB- and want to ?? -RRB- then this would be great becuase it would n't fall . Otherwise -- pass .
 Every single parent with a kiddo under 5 seems to have one of these frog pods in their bath . Its bright , modern , cool design . It is also very large and holds A LOT of bath toys.However , there is one very significant problem . IT WILL NOT STICK . We have tried it on tile , on glass , on granite . We have used the suction cups and the sticky tape . We have patiently followed directions line by line . And its still comes crashing down after 1-2 hours.The only way this thing will work is if you use screws to permanently attach it to the bath . Very disappointing .
 Boon Pod Bath Toy Scoop -LRB- Green Frog -RRB- seems like a great idea , Right . Well it 's a really BAD DEAL , No matter what you do . The funny thing is you start thinking that you hung it wrong , and do it again , and again and again ... . What you can count on with this product is this frog hopping off the wall in the middle of the night , crashing down and scaring the hell out you and your entire family again and again and again . If you buy the Boon Pod you will need a professional contractor to hang it . Do n't do it to yourself and your family . THIS ITEM really SUCKS .
 I have had this item for a few years . It is attached to the side of the tub with the supplied suction cup piece . About once a month , I come in to find it in the bathtub with all the toys dumped out because it does n't stay stuck to the wall very well . Finally , last week it fell and the toes on the frog knocked a hole in the fiberglass tub . For the time being , I was able to buy a kit and repair the hole , but I 'm sure this will be an issue when I go to sell the house . I know I 'd be concerned purchasing a house with a broken tub . Needless to say , the frog is now gone .
 Fell off the wall after 2 weeks . I love the product ... but apparently to get the long term stickiness you have to screw it into your wall or tile . Bummer .
 We unfortunately bought this before reading the reviews . We followed the directions perfectly and it fell off within 10 hours . So we are going to try what another reviewer said , double sided sticky tape and see if that works . If not we will be returning it which is really a shame because it 's really cute and a big space saver for our small bathroom . They should really work on a design to make it stick better!Update
 Like the others before me , I too read the reviews and thought people just did n't mount it correctly or follow the directions . So , I bought it anyawy thinking I was going to beat the system . I was slightly horrified at the size of it when it arrived , but proceeded to install it EXACTLY as instructed . I waited the suggested amount of time plus 12 hours , and put Jumbo Pod on it 's mount , put a few toys in it and hung a little scrubby ball thing - not a lot of weight to say the least . Was n't it exciting when the thing crashed down in the middle of the night causing the dogs to bark , our 17 month old to scream , and us wondering if we had been shot.Tried the suction cup thing ... . Oh well.Now it sits in our hallway because Mommy is a dummy and threw the box away . It 's really creepy late at night just sitting there ...
 I followed the directions exactly and the Pod fell off after two days . I hope I can get something at the hardware store to help it stick , short of permanently attaching it to the wall .
 Cute idea . Followed the directions exactly and it fell down after 4hours without any toys in it . What a shame . The adhesive is not strong enough . I went out and bought the netted one with suction cups for $ 5.00 and that works perfectly .
 Had to return the product after it would n't stay on tile . Followed directions perfectly , since I was already skeptical about it staying . They should include a suction cup option . It is really cute though .
 This is the cutest , best idea around if it works for your shower . The company will tell you that it only works for certain surfaces . Keep this in mind when buying this product . It is large and heavy , and very tricky . Again , if it works for your shower it would be great.I have both tile shower surrounds , and smooth surface , and we could not get this to work . We tried several things sent to us from the company , and the last thing they offered was to screw it in the wall -LRB- which I would never do -RRB- . I think this is a great item if it works for you . For us it was a waste of money , and it was very expensive . The company was very easy to deal with , and was great with customer service , but their final solution to me was to screw it into the wall or pay to ship it back them and they would give me a refund . Shipping was almost as much as I paid , so unfortunately I put it in the recycle bin . It really has n't had another purpose here . I think the likelihood of it working is too slim for the price . I would skip this particular product .
 I still think this thing is soooo cool , but ... I followed the directions to the letter . Checked and double checked that I was n't crossing any grout lines . -LRB- I 'll admit I thought the others who said they 'd had problems had not REALLY followed the directions like I would . -RRB- The bracket hung on the wall with nothing attached , but within 72 hours of hanging the frog and basket with foam letters , the entire household was awakened at 2 am as it crashed to the floor of the tub . So the stickie tape attachment gets a big fat zero . I like the concept so much I am debating on screwing it into the wall or finding a better adhesive at my local hardware store . -LRB- Hence the 2 stars -RRB- Currently it still holds toys while propped against the wall next to the tub . I attach the scoop after the water has drained .
 This thing was a waste of money . I could not get this thing to stay attached to my bathroom shower tile for anything . Cute frog but too heavy to stay up .
 Followed the instructions re
 I got this as a shower gift and was really excited when I was finally able to put it up . That 's where the excitement ended . The first time I took a shower it fell off the wall with a loud crash , spilling the toys and shampoo all over . What a mess . I still was not ready to give up so I bought more double-sided tape and secured it to the wall again . A few weeks later , when I was downstairs I heard a loud crash . Sure enough , it was the stupid frog . When I called my sister to ask if she had problems with hers , she related the SAME type of story.Needless to say , I donated it to the recycle man . Let 's hope they are able to melt it down and make something less worthless !!
 It 's cute , it scoops , rinses and drains bath toys . This should be a really useful organizer - but it keeps falling off the tub wall -LRB- in the middle of the night , too ! -RRB- ! I tried using 3M tapes - still falls off after a few hours . Suction cup would have been better . However , I really like this and was determined to make it work somehow , so we ended up tying the frog by both its index toes with rope and hanging it from the towel bar .
 Luckily we have space in our bath for this frog but it is HUGE . I was kind of shocked when it arrived . Also , its just a big piece of light plastic . Seems very over priced for the quality . I also ordered the suction cup bracket so we would not use the sticky tape and that worked great . I just wish that it came with some toys -LRB- for the price it should -RRB- . Its just a hunk of plastic with nothing else . Not sure it I would have ordered it if I had the opportunity to see it in person .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this item . I followed the directions word for word for installation via suction cups . The frog was attached to the base for somewhere between 5 to 10 minutes before it fell off onto my 6 month old daughter , who was in the tub . Luckily she was not hurt , just very scared . After this experience , while I understand that Boon will send me new suction cups , etc. if I request it , I do n't want to risk traumatizing her again -LRB- although I 'm sure it was more traumatic for me than it was for her , she got over it pretty quickly -RRB- . I do n't even want to give it to Goodwill for fear that it will fall on top of another baby . Nor do I want to drill simply to hang up a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bath accessory . I would n't recommend this item to anyone .
 This was given to us at our last baby 's baby-shower . It was cute , but did n't stay up more than a week . Was n't even that loaded . I would n't waste the money on it - I was surprised to see the price and would have never spent that much money on it . It now sits collecting dust , just waiting to be put in the recyling bin . On second thought maybe the scoop can be used in the baby pool ???
 I bought this because it was the only cute solution to storing my son 's bath toys but I went through 2 back plates -LRB- with the stickers on them -RRB- and each time it fell off . I did everything that the instructions said but it never worked . I think it is due to the texture of the tile in my bathroom . I then bought the suction plate and it will only stick to the inside of the tube and not wall so it is not ideal . Once the tub fills with water the frog comes down . It is really a shame . The manufacturer needs to come up with a solution that will work for all tile types .
 I bought this item in the hope that I would finnally have something to put my children 's bath toys in . I tried using both the suction cups and the adheisive . I followed the directions and made sure to clean the area with alchohol and waited the recommended time for it to dry . With the suction cups as soon as I put the frog onto the holder it fell down . With the adheisive I had not even attached the frog pod itself to the wall attachment yet . I was still waiting the 24 hours for the adheisive to stick . But from one evening of everyone taking a shower/bath it fell down . Plus I was trying to attach the frog pod to the back of the bath as far away from the shower as possible . This product did not work for me at all . And I did not want to go so far as to put holes in my grout to use the screws . I wish it did stay because I have yet to find something to hold the bath toys .
 I loved this . I thought it was so cute and it worked really well for about 3 months.I followed the directions to the letter . As soon as it was exposed to repeated humidety it fell off the wall . The manufactuer said to screw it to the wall , but i really do n't want to do that kind of damage to my tub . So my frog has been sitting in the garage since then . It 's very cute and a very big waist of money .
 This is such an adorable toy holder ! I loved it and enjoyed using it for the FEW DAYS it stayed up in my shower . It fell in the middle of the night -LRB- scaring us to death - we could n't figure out where the noise came from because our bathroom shares a wall with our duplex neighbors , so we went to sleep thinking that maybe something fell down in their house ! -RRB- It now sits on the floor in my bathroom until I can return it . I already called the company once and followed directions given to me by their phone customer service representative ... they sent me new adhesive and even a new suction cup device they are trying now , but it fell even faster . We have the perfect tile according to them - large and smooth , but it still would n't stick for more than a few days . :--LRB- Bummer - such a cute item !
 Add me to the growing list of people complaining about this product 's inability to stay stuck to the bath wall . It lasted a year and a half for us before it came crashing down . Luckily no babies were injured . I was so enamored with this product when I first added it to my baby registry almost 2 years ago that I actually bought it for myself when no one else did . Now it sits leaning up against the wall in the bathroom . Thankfully I can still return it from the store I bought it from -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- . Save yourself the money and get a net bath toy holder with suction cups . I think the net will hold way more toys anyway . Do n't make the mistake of thinking the little foam toys that come with the frog are the only bath toys you 'll ever have . You 'll need much more space than this thing will provide . Also , the shampoo holder seems convenient but your little one will soon be standing in the tub , grabbing at that shampoo and trying to pour it all in the water . You 'll end up storing the shampoo either on a high shelf or on the bath counter . The Boon Pod is really cute but it just is n't practical and , unless you want to drill holes in your tile , it 's a potential safety hazard .
 I love the way this looks but it never worked for us . The sticky attachments it came with are not strong and it fell off our bathroom wall within the first day and it did n't even have toys in it yet . It 's VERY difficult to attach the little container onto the base . The container holds only tiny bath toys and ones that are squishable . This thing has basically taken up precious space on my bathroom floor since we got it . I keep meaning to throw it out but never do , I wish there was a way to salvage it . ; - -LRB-
 i bought the frog pod because it is so cute . it stayed up for about two months , then crash ! it sat on my bathroom floor for another two months because my daughter loves it . I got the suction cups - waste of money ! I finally went to the hardware store and bought double sided tape for permanent outdoor fixtures . I followed the instructions and so far so good . It has been two months and we are still good . I finally even put toys in it .
 I followed the attachement instructions EXACTLY and even waited the 24 hrs before hanging anything on the attachment piece before using . It worked great , for about 10 hrs . It lasted 2 showers and then came crashing down . Thank goodness no one was in the tub -LRB- especially kids -RRB- when it happened.Fortunately the attachment piece also has 2 screw holes and we will be able to attach it more permanently this way , but it needs to be done properly in order to avoid moisture problems with the screws and the holes created in the tiles in our bathroom .
 I read other reviews about this product not sticking to the tile . I bought it because I thought that people just did n't put it on correctly . Well , I can tell you that I followed the directions to the T but four months later it fell off . I will try to get some more 3M tape -LRB- it came with four pieces -RRB- and reapply it but I just do n't think it 's going to work . It is a shame because I would give it 5 stars for being so cute and handy ... but if it does n't work , what 's the point ?
 It does n't stick . It 's huge but it does n't hold much . It is n't as cute as it looks in pictures . Two thumbs down .
 First of all this thing is huge and hardly holds any toys . I put some foam toys in it ... followed the instructions exactly -LRB- like others before me who gave this 1 star -RRB- ... and CRASH !!! It fell off the wall after 36 hours . Now it 's useless , I still need somewhere to store all the bath toys and it is sitting on our floor taking up WAY too much space . I threw away the receipt and box too quickly , what an idiot . Do not buy this . Even if it does n't fall off your wall , it does n't hold very many toys .
 Yup , mine wo n't stick to the wall either . I do n't have tile , I have a surround . We 've tried other tapes and suction cups . I love the frog , but what 's the use if it ca n't hang . Booo .
 I bought this based on the pictures shown on amazon . It clearly shows the frog full of toys , surprise , no toys come with it just a cardboard picture of the toys . The ad for this item is clearly deceptive .
 I am incredibly frustrated with this product . When I received the Boon Frog Pod , I followed the instructions to use the adhesive strips included with the product . They held the pod on my ceramic tiles for about a month and a half before it went clattering down off the wall . I ordered the replacement wall bracket with silicon adhesive from Boon . I followed the instructions for mounting it to my wall carefully , even leaving the silicon to dry for an extra 12 hours -LRB- in addition to the recommended 48 hours -RRB- . Within TEN MINUTES of re-hanging the frog pod -LRB- holding nothing more than a few plastic measuring cups -RRB- , the silicon adhesive failed and the entire pod fell off the wall again . Maddening ! What good does this adorable pod do if it wo n't stay attached to the wall ?! I see nothing in the instructions that indicate that it will not work on ceramic tile . While the screws seem to be a sure-fire way to get the thing to stay on the wall , I am not willing to ruin my tiles to use them . So the frog is now taking up room in a closet , unused .
 I bought this for my grandkids . We stuck it on the tub wall and in a month it fell down.So ... we cleaned the wall and tried again ... fell down.Took alcohol to clean the surface to make sure no soap , etc. . Put lots of new sticky stuff on ... still fell down.Now it is in a cabinet . It does not stick to the wall with bath toys ... what a waste of money !
 This frog is adorable and I wish I had read the review about writing to the company for extra adhesive before I returned it . I followed the directions EXACTLY - cleaned area , dried thoroughly , used alcohol , waited a full 24 hours , did not cross the grout line etc. . It fell down in the middle of the night and woke up my child . It went back to Target the next day ! If you are willing to figure out a way to make this stick beyond the normal directions , it is a very cute bath accessory .
 I bought this product despite the reviews saying it would not stay on for some . I thought they had perhaps not followed directions perfectly , and that it would stick on my wall . I , like others , read the directions twice , followed them to a T , did not put the rest of the pod on for MORE than 24 hours to make sure it was done curing , and it still fell off less than 12 hours later . I do not know if it is a manufacturing defect or if it only works on some tile and not others , but there needs to be an alternate method of hanging it . I am going to try to rig it without destroying it , and if I ca n't get it to stay put , I am returning it . Very sad because it is adorable and I was looking forward to using it .
 I visited a friend that had the Frog Pod and it was attached just fine on her tile . I followed the instruction and it feel off the same night . Maybe it is the kind of tile ? I am going to try the suction cups ... if that does n't work I will return it .
 My parents had a little turtle in their bathtub to keep the grandkid toys . I loved it , but when I saw this frog , I thought about how much it would be better . After purchasing it , I followed the instruction to mount it on a clean surface , let it sit for 24 hours before loading it , and only loading up to 10 lbs on it because we were using the adhesive version . I came home the other day and found the frog fallen into the tub . I am very disappointed that this product did not hold up to the standard I expected of it . Now I 'm finding out that although the adhesive is not that expensive , the shipping is twice the cost ! I do not live near a store to do in-house shopping . I have to rely on shipping . ACK ! This does not bode well with me .
 I desperately wanted the boon frog to work ! I 've given the boon frog as a shower gift and was convinced it was the best thing ever ... until I received one as a gift and tried over and over to make it stick to the tile in my bathroom , to no avail . I bought the suction cup adapter and that stayed up for a few days but it fell down too . Now the sad frog sits next to our toilet unable to find work . While the boon frog is adorable -LRB- I gave it 2 stars because it 's so cute ! -RRB- , it just did n't work for us . We ended up with a skip hop tubby that is awesome , although it gets mildewy and moldy if you do n't wash it regularly .
 I followed the instructions carefully and gave it an extra 24 hours to dry . We never had a chance to load it up with toys -LRB- although it did n't look as if it would hold much -RRB- . The frog crashed into the tub while I was bathing my 1 year old . Luckily she was not hit , but that was the end of the frog . Since drilling into the tile is not an option for us , we gave it to a friend who was willing to drill holes . Now we just put her toys in a large plastic slated basked & leave them in the tub when we are not using it .
 At first this did stick but after a couple weeks we had to re-stick . After it came crashing down in the middle of the night twice ! -LRB- talk about waking up scared -RRB- we had to throw it out . This product fools you because like I said it did stick for a month but just would not stay . Big waste of money !
 I wanted to add my ten cents . Our first frog pod did not stick -LRB- we had it over grout lines -RRB- . I called Boon who were very professional and accommodating and then sent out new stickers , and gave me a warning about the grout lines , as well as sending me anchors and screws to secure it to the wall ! We were very careful about how we cut the stickers this time but again after three days this poor frog was on it 's back , in the tub with toys strewn everywhere . We made sure not to overload it , only light foam letters and numbers . I am at a loss as I love this product but we had n't planned to make the long-term commitment to the Frog Pod of drilling it into the wall ! As other reviewers have said , it 's sturdy , useful , well made and very cute . However , if it does n't do the one thing it 's supposed to , maybe Boon need to go back to the drawing board , or buyers need to steer clear until this annoying problem is fixed .
 I thought this was the cutest product and I was so excited to order it for my son . I followed all the directions and it fell off my tile wall within 30 minutes .
 The suction cups are not strong enough so it does not want to stay on the wall by itself when empty let alone when you feel it with toys . Its a great idea and looks cool but does not work : -LRB-
 I won this at Toys R US a couple years ago when I was pregnant with my twins . I had registered for one so I was super excited when I got if free . Anyhow , it is studry and looks really cute , but it is really useless . it does n't hold much and the stickers nor the suction work well . I think drilling a hole in your shower and using screws would have been the only way to make this contraption work well . It fell down ALL the time and it is LOUD when it falls . I did n't use it very long . I ended up freecycling it about 2 months after using it .
 This Frog pod was so cute and so practical for our small living space that we decided to get it for our baby daughter . . we followed the instructions perfectly , we have 4x4 tile , it was n't stuck to a grout line , we left it to cure for longer and once the frog was in place we added a few items , very light items . . after a short while , maybe a few hours there was a loud crash . . we knew what it was , and I 'm happy it did n't wake our baby!I ca n't even imagine what would have happened if this fell while she was having a bath !!! It 's not worth our time to call the company and get replacement adhesives , we are n't drilling holes in our tile , it 's going right back to the store!There 's going to be a few dissapointed people during the holidays , that 's for sure !
 As you 've heard from numerous others , this thing does n't stick . Our shower is completely smooth - I guess it 's fiberglass . I followed the instructions exactly . About 12 hours after putting the frog pod up , it crashed down . Nobody had bathed or showered in there in that time - it just worked itself loose . All it had in it was one bottle of shampoo.I 'm going to try to find the Command high-humidity strips like another reviewer suggested and will update here if they work.The frog pod itself is very cute and seems to be high quality . But if it wo n't stay up , that 's not good for much .
 Does n't stick.It stuck for maybe a couple of weeks w / the suction cups , then crash in the middle of the night . Tried the tape . Nope . Crash.Thankfully , I bought this on craigslist , and did n't spend much on it -LRB- new in box -RRB- . We have a very clean , non-tiled surround , and it just wo n't work . Not happy .
 Great at scooping up toys . Holds a lot of toys . Looks great . Falls off the wall at 2 am and wakes the baby up . The sticky on this thing is HORRIBLE . I guess you could go get gorilla glue and affix this thing to the tile permanently , but I 'd rather have something that I order come complete instead of having to fix it when brand new .
 While a great product it is huge . To get it in our tub we would have to drill it in . This is not feasible . Super cute and great idea , would be better if they shrunk it down a bit
 We bought this frog pod and put it in our little girl 's bathroom . About 4 months later at 2 in the morning , my husband and I were jolted by a loud crash . We looked all over the house looking for the source of the noise . It was n't until the next morning that I realized that it was the frog pod that fell off the wall -LRB- the sticky tape stopped working I guess -RRB- . This product is a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money .
 Could never get this to stick on the wall , very disapointing . Spent a good amount of money on it and was never able to use it .
 It looks nice and does keep toys in it , but if you have a boy that likes to play with boats ; the boats will not fit unless they are the size of a regular rubber ducky size!I read the instructions before putting up ... I cleaned the tile and waited like 3-4 hrs before placing it up . . I thought it worked nicely and even enjoyed it for about 2 days till I heard a loud noise come from in the bath room and found it had fallen down off the tile into the bathtub ... Thank Goodness my kids , my husband , or I was n't the shower/tub when it fell . I tried to return it but they would n't take it back so I had it in the box forever then just gave it away to someone who said they would nail it up ... They are using it now on a regular wall ... I suggest not buying it at all !!! You can find a big bucket and paint the kids names on it and put the toys in ... I did ... I wish I never bought the thing . . It really only holds little toys , it do n't grow with the child ... Sorry That 's just my opinion !! If you do end up just having to buy it I hope it works out better for you than it did for me !!
 Very cute but would n't stick at all to our shower wall . Tried many times with different sticky materials and would n't stay .
 We registered for this before my daughter was born without actually seeing it in real life . It is huge ! I do n't know anything else about it because we never used it and gave it to my sister-in-law . We have a small tub and it was way too big to try to put in there . So if you have a large tub I 'm sure it is wonderful , but do n't buy it if you have a small one !
 I bought this item looking for something to hang in the tub . I did n't like the net versions . I had wanted to install it in the tub so the toys could drain and they would be easily accessible . Unfortunately it does n't mount to a curved tub at all so I had to mount it to the wall and put a towel under it to catch the draining water ... bummer because it is very cute and better looking than the other options out there ... at this point it should just get a wire basket and put a towel under it . Ohhhh well !!
 I give this two stars for cuteness and for the practicality of it ... IF it would actually stay on the wall . After a week or two , our frog took the plunge . We were using the self-adhesive strips . The suction cup option did not work at all . I followed the instructions to a T , but maybe this does not work with the slightly rough textured tile in our bath -LRB- the kind that is supposed to look like tumbled marble -RRB- since from the reviews it seems to work for others ? I did n't want to drill into the wall , so I gave it away .
 We got this as a gift , but I would not buy one for myself . Its great idea - the scoop is wonderful for snagging all the toys at once . Except we can not get it to stick to the tub . When it falls off - inevitably in the middle of the night - it wakes everyone up with a very loud crash.The suction cup version worked ok , but does ultimately fall off -LRB- like , after a week -RRB- . Double sided tape worked better for longer -LRB- a few months -RRB- , but we have small tiles and as a result , that ultimately came off too . Second round on the tape and same story . After crash number three , we had enough `` nightmare noise wakeups '' and gave up . We now use the scoop as a scoop , but keep the toys in a a mesh bag instead that hangs over the side of the tub.That said , we get some use out of it , so its not a total loss . Still , not worth $ 20 + .
 I too had problems with the frog . I followed the directions exactly for using the stick tape but it fell off a few weeks later scaring the pants off all of us . It seems random as to who this product sticks for and who it does n't , I wonder if it has something to do with the relative humidity where you live ? We live in FL and we put it up in August , who knows . Anyway , it seems to be a gamble if this product will work for you or not .
 Same problem as many others have noted - we hung it up and it stuck for a few days maybe even a week or more . At some hour in the middle of the night it came crashing down and woke us all . Since then I have tried to reinstall it and each time it falls . I am only willing to go through so much for a product that costs $ 25 . It is more trouble than it is worth . Go buy one of those less attractive nets that suction to the wall - they are less expensive and work !
 Initially i loved the product . Was huge enuf to hold the biggest bottle of garnier conditioner bottle , shampoo bottles , loofahs etc. . But in a week or so , the sticker with which it was attached to the shower wall , came off and the whole thing crashed into the tub . . Now its jus sitting in the bathroom occupying the space n not of any use .
 We installed this toy holder and followed the instructions to the letter . It still fell off the wall . I could be a lot happier with it , to say the least ! Its not doing much good sitting next to my toilet .
 I am always skeptical when buying anything that claims to stick to the bathroom wall but the frog pod was given to me as a gift so I figured I 'd try it . I followed the directions exactly , put only a few things in it and it fell off three hours later !! The adhesive was not crossing any grout lines and it still fell off . I returned it the next day and got a simple net bag that has worked well -- and was a lot cheaper ! Do n't waste your money !
 This is a really cool thing for the kids ' bathtub but I ca n't get it to stay on the wall . I tried the tape that came with it , I tried the suction cup attachment that the company sent -LRB- which reduces the weight capacity to 5lbs from 10lbs -RRB- , I even tried automotive trim tape . It wo n't stay on the wall . I am not planning to use the last resort they suggest of bolting it to the wall . Maybe I can give it away as a gift or sell it on craigslist .
 I * LOVED * this product , until it fell off the wall after about a month . -LRB- I followed the instructions exactly -RRB- . I will try using 3M double-sided adhesive strips to re-attach it .
 I got this net to use as a second net as I have two friends joining me this year on fishing outings and figured they can catch some other their bait without me doing all the work . The net works yes but here is why I gave it the low rating I did .1
 Not worth the money . Order 1 and disappointed because the top metal plate is not attached to the 4 metal rods .
 they have this listed under the wrong title , so I ended up with the wrong product ...
 I sent this to my nephew for his 7th birthday . Less than a week later he brought it with him when he came to visit . It was THE cheapest thing I have ever seen in my life . The entire kit should be available at the dollar store , if that gives you any idea of how bad it is . You ca n't feel any sensation whatsoever with the so-called buzzer , the fake vomit was about the size of a silver dollar . It should be called fake spit . I could go on and on , but why bother . Please do n't waste your money . That 's all I can say .
 We bought this for my 8 year-old daughter 's birthday . She aspires to be a `` prankster '' , and had had her eye on this kit for a long time . For the price , I expected something ... better . The fake vomit is about 1.5 '' diameter , totally clear . Is it just me , or does anyone else expect the fake vomit to be a healthy brown splat of a thing ??? None of the water tricks really work . The dollar bill trick is ridiculous
 I ordered this prank kit for my grandson who was very disappointed with the quality . Most of the items were miniature size . I did n't expect top quality , but certainly expected better than what I received .
 I was so exited when I bought this car for my son1 . it stunk so bad2 . was very hard to pedal3 . broke after couple of uses4 . keep the box , I am trying to send it back and can not find the right boxjust pain in the behind over all
 We purchased this car for our 4 year old grandson for Christmas . The car is so poorly designed that there are large bolts through the seat - the child ca n't miss sitting on them . When we tried to assemble the pump pedal to the wheels , the wheel repeatedly came off and could not be tightened enough for it to remain attached . Tighten the wheel enough to keep it attached and it would not turn . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Pedal car sucks and company suck . Ours broke a few times and company could care less . We paid for the car , paid to have it fixed , , y kids still can not use it ,
 I bought this car last Christmas for my three-year-old son . I really do n't recommend it . Assembly was a little difficult as some of the pieces are held together by small screws and bolts . A couple of these screws snapped when I was tightening them . I had to compromise when attaching the rear wheels to the pedal assembly . If I tightened the wheels too much , it was impossible to move the pedals . Even now , it is still difficult for my son to pedal . I would look for this item in a bicycle shop , and take a test drive before buying it online .
 I 'm sure these little bugs link together to make an attractive chain . That 's supposing you can get past the smell . They absolutely stink - I mean heavy-duty reek of something akin to polyurethane.They say in the description they 're chewable , they show a picture of a baby chewing them on the box . All the materials are supposed to be nontoxic . So what is that horrid smell?Despite all the many safety claims , I just ca n't bring myself to hand them over to my daughter . Something like this that reeks of heavy duty chemicals just does n't seem safe on the common sense front , no matter what assurance the package gives.We 'll be returning our set for the good old fashioned Fisher Price variation . I certainly would n't recommend this to any child .
 Only got a couple good cards even though I ordered like 5 booster packs . Also , please be wary of the shipping ! I ordered like 13 booster packs and they charge 2 $ per booster pack which is ridiculous ! -LRB- They all came in one shipment . -RRB- Get a collector 's box , the packs are much better and in return the pulls from it alone are worth it .
 We did not receive the item we ordered . They sent something we did not order I guess to replace it but never informed us of the change . What they sent us was not appropriate for the age and skill level plus we were disappointed because we were expecting something else . There was no information of how to return the item and I have not gotten any response after sending the item back with a letter . I would not recommend ordering from this company . I know I wo n't again .
 This toy is not four inches as advertised , it is an inch and a half . Very disappointing .
 Did not last as long as I would have liked them to last . Started sticking after using for a few weeks . Not worth the $ 15 .
 We have a poker game thats been going on for 20 years now . We decided to try a set of plastic cards instead the Bee cards from Costco . I bought the Da Vinci cards . We were happy with them . They lasted nearly 2 years . All they needed was a washing , but the instructions on washing them made it seemed time consuming . So , I thought I 'd try a different brand based ont the reviews . They arrived and they are VERY thin and flimsy feeling . I returned them and ordered a set of the Da Vinci cards .
 I own four sets of these cards . For whatever reason , these cards tend to warp slightly . One particular set has warped to the point that there 's about a 10 degree arc along the short side -LRB- making it even more noticeable -RRB- . My guess is that these cards could n't handle the heat -LRB- it reaches 90 degrees in my room , where I stored the cards -RRB- . The other three sets are warped to a lesser degree , but there 's still a bit of a curvature.This was n't a problem with my KEM cards , which were stored in the same area and have not had any problems.If warped cards are n't an issue for you , go ahead and buy these over KEM cards . They 're both extremely sturdy and the copags are a bit cheaper to boot .
 This looks cute and plush on the computer screen , but it 's actually far from that description . It comes attached to a cheesy cardboard backing as if it had come from a dollar store , and the quality is of dollar store standards also . The fabric is thin , the stuffing is scarce and floppy , and the face looks sort of like it came out of a horror movie . It looks like something you 'd get as a cheap consolation prize at a carnival game booth after spending 20 bucks trying to win something better . What a piece of crap !!!!!!
 my son got this for his 4th birthday . he played with it once and the next day it was broken . one car didnt even work . the other , the switch would not stay in the on position when we reloaded it with batteries . i called the company and was told it was discontinued and their testing showed there toys only work with duracell batteries . that 's utter rubbish . what a waste.avoid this at all costs .
 We purchased a very similar one called the Cypress Mallard , 1000 pc from same maker . The only difference between that and this one is Cypress Mallard has smaller birds flying over the bigger birds , as opposed to Cypress Swamp Mallard which has none . After spending 2 months to complete the puzzle , we were missing 2 pieces.Amazon advised me to deal with wholesaler instead and they sent us a replacement box . Same pieces were missing . They sent another one and it was still missing 2 pieces . Therefore , the whole batch is defective . Now , I am trying to get a refund . That one was defective so watch out when you buy this one .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 The toy come with scratches surface for Autobot Jazz at the top part of the car roof . Left handed part assembled in right handed part for Bonecrusher cause it can not be transformed to vehicle mode . Repeated same left handed part on right hand site . Some of the joint is pretty loose . If these toys are for collection purposes , you can judge for yourself . Not sure why the QC is so `` loose '' before it reach consumer .
 My son begged me to buy this toy . He played with it one time and it ended up with the rest of the uninteresting airplanes . . helicopters and other toys that are suppose to take flight ! Needless to say . . waste of money .
 I am soooo pissed . I ordered this as a present and it came all in pieces in a plastic bag . No box like described . No instructions . This company I will NEVER order from again . And I was planning for this to be my go to gift for all my son 's friends . Not anymore . My son even told the little boy what his gift was going to be . Now I ca n't gift it to him and have to get myself up and out with the flu to get another gift . Mom to 4 kids under age 5 . This was supposed to be a convenience . Like I have time now to return this mess of a present to UPS . But I will be ... How dare this company really send out something like this ?!! If I gave this for a gift , it would look like I perused my kids ' play room , grabbed a bunch of used stuff and threw it in a bag . Bad business .
 The quality of this product was very poor . My 3 years old son could just play with it for an hour and the holder broke down .
 We had another rocket launch toy that my son -LRB- 5 and a half -RRB- loved but was just about worn out . We got this as a replacement , but it is VERY hard for even me as an adult to get good height because the `` pillow '' you stomp on is very large .
 I 'm amazed that anyone would give this toy more than one star . We received it as a gift . It is very poorly designed , awkward to assemble and flimsy . We received it as a gift and within about a month every piece of it was broken in some way , including the rockets/arrows -LRB- the cheap plastic cylinders on them cracked and the fins/fletching on every one of them had broken off -RRB- . The `` pump '' part started out with a lot of force , but after a few weeks did n't work well anymore . And the `` stand '' snapped apart.We once had a similar kind of toy made by Air Hogs that was MUCH better made with higher quality , thicker plastic . It required no awkward assembly , was easier to aim and lasted about 3 years . My kids love playing with this type of toy , and I am going to try to find that brand again .
 I bought this toy for $ 5.99 for my daughter , I would n't pay anymore for this toy ! When it arrived I was somewhat disappointed , the keys stick ! So it takes a lot of force for the keys to work . My daughter is only 11 months old though but I doubt a month would make that big of a difference .
 I bought this because we wanted to purchase a xylophone for our little guy , it was a `` Hot Deal '' and offered free shipping so we could get it delivered quickly since we were ordering baby gates too . It 's bright and attractive and our little guy likes banging on it ... but it is out of tune , which drives us nuts . I do n't expect the world from a kid 's xylophone , but it would be nice if the different keys made different sounds -- ideally , progressively going through some type of range . We should have spent the extra $ 5 for the one from Fisher Price -LRB- $ 14 w/shipping on eBay -RRB- . My SIL has one of those and it sounds just fine after being well-used for two years .
 I gave an overall of 2 stars only because the buttons are not working well . The red and the blue buttons are okay . The orange button supposes to pop up when you press it to one side , but it feel like it will pop up once you slightly touch it . The yellow button would not twist back to its original position . Therefore , you need to turn the yellow button back to the original position again before it pops up again . I suspect that this is a manufacture problem . Other than this , it 's very fun . The pop up moves in a very fun and interesting way -LRB- instead of sitting still there -RRB- . However , I would not recommend this product .
 Very sturdy but somewhat poorly made . The pop-ups stick a little and 2 of them are hard to push all of the way down . This is the first item I have bought from this manufacturer and I will not buy anymore from them .
 It was chinsy and broke too fast . Buy the more expensive name brand that wo n't suck .
 Well ... If you have a car and have a time to visit Disney Shop near your area , I would not recommend to buy this toy.This toy 's original price is $ 12.95 -LRB- You can find the price on package 's back side-bottom -RRB- . The seller charged too much shipping rate on this toy.Figures are good . But painting is not so good.Anyway , my 3 and 1 years boys love them .
 This product is very , very low quality . It does not come assembled and the main board is made of flimsy cardboard . I 've had several of these before and realized quickly that this unit does n't even hold up being assembled , let alone being played with .
 I found the product to be cheaply constructed and a little weak on the content side . I 'm amazed that the prior reviewer gave it such high marks while at the same time explaining how he had to modify it in multiple places to make it durable . I 'm not sure I would recommend this product for a classroom .
 First off , this set is not interactive . You set it up and the trains run around on the track loading and unloading balls . Fun to watch for 10 minutes , if it worked.There is a design flaw that causes the balls that drop from the hopper into Percy to miss his bucket . They end up scattering all over the place . I guess you could consider interactive since you have to chase them and put them back in the set.Second is the size of the balls . The set is for ages 3 + , but I have caught both my 2 and 4 year old with the balls in their mouths . These are definite choking hazards . Do not let your kids play with it unsupervised.The set was given to us as a gift . I would not buy or recommend this product to others .
 No more motorized toys for my preschooler . The beauty of Thomas the Train is that my child can emerse himself in the Thomas story . He can manipulate , chug along , chat with the other trains etc.When something is on auto-pilot like this toy , the child is n't inspired or even interested . He looked at it for 5 minutes and then asked , `` when do I get to play ? `` Put your money into the `` manual '' Thomas toys like the wooden trains or even the less expensive plastic trains with the blue tracks . The * magic * of Thomas the Tank Engine is too special of a time for your child to sit passively on the sidelines .
 This toy is awful ! It does not stay on the track , the directions are terrible and do not show you how to arrange pieces ! Track comes apart too easily with the tiniest bump . WASTE OF MONEY .
 DO NOT buy this toy . It is a complete waste of money . My son received this for his 3rd birthday from his great grandparents and I feel terrible that these sweet people went out of their way to a store to buy a toy that is truly garbage.First of all , the directions , or lack therof . There is only one diagram , which I used along with the picture on the front of the box , to attempt to put the track and toy together . The plastic tracks are flimsy and could not be put together by a child . Also not included in the directions - the location of the on/off switch . It is located above Thomas ' front wheel , in area that is awkward to locate and turn on even for an adult , never mind for a preschool-age child . There is only one set of train wheels , which are meant for Thomas and Percy to share . When you put Thomas ' body on top of the wheels , it is very difficult to then reach down and turn the toy on without knocking Thomas ' body off the wheels.Next , the mail chute . The `` mail '' consists of eight small plastic balls -LRB- about the size of peas -RRB- . While my son is pretty good about not putting things in his mouth , the size of these balls is unfortunately the perfect size for a toddler to swallow , or stick in their nose or ears . If you have a younger child in the house , these balls are truly a choking hazard . And it does n't get any better . Here is how the toy is supposed to work . You start Thomas at the base of the T track . He drives over to the switching station where the wheels switch from Thomas to Percy . Percy drives over to the mail chute where the the mail balls should fall into the cargo hatch on Percy . On average only a few of the eight balls made it into Percy 's hatch . The rest bounced off the track and rolled everywhere.Worst of all , your child can not interact with this toy AT ALL . They can only sit by and passively watch . If your child attempts to play with the trains while they are in motion on the track , the top of the Thomas or Percy falls off . Even if your child tries to play with the trains off of the track it does n't work . Because Thomas and Percy `` share '' the wheels , they do not lock into place on either train , so if your child tries to push Thomas or Percy when they are not on the track , the top of the train falls off . Also , these toys are not compatible with either the classic wooden Thomas toys or the travel Thomas toys . My son 's great-grandparents would not know this ; they bought the set because they thought it would work with his regular trains on his train table . Sadly , this toy does n't work with anything else - and does n't work well on its own either.Save your money - ANYTHING is better than this toy .
 This toy is a wonderful idea ... when it works , it really is amazing to see Thomas , Percy , and Harold working together . However , that does n't happen often
 When I got the toy , the first time I used it the spring came out and could not be replaced . I contacted the company and they said they would send another , which they did . That one was broken also , the pull back was off kilter or bent and it would not send the marbles all the way through to the buckets . I contacted the company and said I wanted my money back , they said they would issue a refund but have not done so as of yet . It 's been several weeks .
 The first thing I noticed is the marbles are not as pictured on box . The 5 different buckets are supposed to correspond to the same colored marbles . This is crucial cause you can receive a bonus of 200 points if you get the same colored marble in the same colored bucket . My set had a red bucket and NO RED MARBLES , the colored they subsituted was black , and one of the buckets is a dark blue , but the matching marble for that is a light blue . The worst thing about the design is the bucket that is closest to loop , sits so low to the shooting track , that 75 % of your shots hit the bottom of the bucket , which either sends the marble down to be shot over again and again or flings it out of play ; therefore , any hard shot is never allowed to go any further than the 3rd bucket ! Kind of defeats the purpose for the game !!! Let go toy makers , take some pride in a product you put out to the public . This is getting ridiculous !!! I am gon na return this product to Amazon . I hope that goes well ... I do however give HIGH PRAISE to the seller of this product !!! When I told them what was wrong with mine , they refunded me my ENTIRE cost to include S&H and told me to keep the product , they did n't want me to send it back . WOW ! A company with integrity . Even though my first exprience was not so successful , I definitely wo n't hesitate to buy from them again . They take care of their customers !!!
 The `` music '' setting does not allow my toddler to play the piano freestyle ; instead , it constantly tries to get her to play the songs it chooses by giving instructions to follow the lights . I ca n't figure out any way to turn off the directed play and have it be free play.The Pooh characters on top are cute , but the piano tells the child which one to pick up and tells them they got it wrong if they pick up one other than the one that was instructed.When the child is done playing with it , it keeps talking to the child for several minutes before shutting itself off.It does not have a low volume setting and is quite loud.I had very high hopes for this toy , as my daughter loves other music toys , and I love Pooh , but I have been disappointed . This toy just sits on the shelf .
 Disappointed ... When I bought this I was excited about the piano feature , but was disappointed to find that it only plays the preprogramed music . It also keeps prompting the baby to follow the preprogramed lights -LRB- VERY IRRITATING -RRB- over and over . No young baby could , or would want to follow it . Would be much more fun if the baby could just bang on it and make music , and then have the characters respond .
 I just purchased this toy from Amazon based on the great reviews it had . Unfortunately I must have received a lemon . Upon opening the toy , I noticed that the red button on the front was broken , it does n't press down , and it does n't make any sounds . The other two buttons seem to work fine . Secondly , the shape sorter is next to impossible to use . There are these small blue buttons in the openings for the sorter that activate various sounds and learning for the toddler . The buttons on the toy I have , seem to be sticking out too much , so when you try to push a shape through , the side of the button blocks the opening so that the shape does n't go through . Like other toys I have , I believe that when you push the shape through the opening , it is supposed to push in the button to make the sounds . This just does n't work on my toy . I have contacted Vtech regarding these problems and am waiting for a response.Other than those problems , the toy seems pretty cute . There is a rather long pull-along string that your toddler can pull , which you can also hide in the battery compartment . You can also push it along , and the wheels turning make the dog in the driver 's seat sway side to side . There are also two modes , learning and music , which you can select on the top part . The three buttons in the `` hood '' of the van teach shapes and colors . The shapes are supposed to fit in the back of the van , which also opens in the back so the pieces can be taken out.The only other downside is that there is no volume control . I guess I will probably put a sticker over the speaker part to muffle it a bit.At this point , I am not considering giving this toy to my daughter at all , since the sorting is next to impossible and I do n't want to confuse her when she puts the correct shape in each opening , only to have it not go through because of the button.Hopefully Vtech will respond to me soon , so I can update this when it happens.Okay , Vtech did not reply to my first email , so I sent it again , and after a couple days , Vtech sent me a basic email telling me to replace the batteries and then rapidly slide the on/off switch back and forth 40 times . That seems useless as this product has a push button on/off . Also , this wo n't help the fact that the red button sticks . The email also said to call them to get a return label if the problem persists .
 Maybe I misunderstood how this doll was supposed to work however when my granddaughter opened it on Christmas morning , it just barely moved at all . I changed the batteries -LRB- thinking that would be it -RRB- however it was the exact same thing Needless to say , she was disappointed and just gave the doll back to me .
 Parents , I am just an 11-year-old little girl , who knows what she 's talking about . Why would you buy this `` Lil Dancer '' for your little girls ? What do you want to teach them ? That dressing like a girl who sneaks out of the house at night to go to a bad party is okay , and taht it 's okay to look like a hooker ? Sorry , this is just a really bad doll . I obey what God says , and He says that this is n't appropriate . Thanks.-disgusted horse-crazy
 I bought this for my grandsons . They like to play with hotwheels , filling them up at the gas station . The specification for this toy is for the box and not the actual toy . It 's much to small for their use .
 As far as novelty items go , it 's great for kids who like dinosaurs . That 's about where it ends . The pieces themselves are so small , it 's very difficult to distinguish between one piece and another , even for a dinosaur fossil enthusiast ; for a person who 's just trying to play chess , it 's infuriating . If you 're buying this as a toy for the sake of buying a dinosaur-related toy , a gateway to actual chess , then great . If you 're intending to actually play chess with it , look elsewhere .
 My son absolutely LOVES Diego and I was looking a Rescue Pack for him for Christmas . He is 2 yrs old . This was the biggest waste of money . First of all , the backpack cant really be used as a backpack . The music it plays is way too loud . The stethoscope is awkward and difficult to use . My son only plays with the baby jaguar and the other baby animal that came in it . Do n't waste your money !!
 My son likes his rescue pack although it stops working for a few hours at a time . Also , it requires batteries that look like they would fit in a watch -LRB- not AA like this website lists -RRB- .
 This toy lasted great for the first few months . My son loved it , and the sounds it made.However , it started to go downhill from there . When you hit the button to play a sound , it would only play a little bit of music , then stop . I immediately thought it was the batteries , but even after replacing with many new sets of LR44 batteries , it still exhibited the same behavior.I 'm thinking it might be a loose soldering joint on the inside , but I have n't opened it up to check the connections .
 This is a hard plastic and is not a back pack at all . The volume of the talking pack is deafening ; really bad for young eardrums . The toys are n't easily removed or placed back the pack . The pack is also difficult to open , even with adult hands .
 The battery died shortly after purchasing ... like within a week . Therefore the backpack does n't talk anymore , and we are forced to simply sing the song ourselves ...
 I was very excited to buy this for my 21/2 year old , but the excitement dwindled once it arrived . It is a very well made toy -LRB- like most Fisher Price toys are -RRB- but it lacks the entertainment needed to entertain our on the go kids . As much as he loves Diego , the toy did n't entertain him past 8 button pushes . He 's an imaginitive boy and plays pretend , but this did not spark his imagination or creative play . He 's gotten way more entertainment from the box it came in -LRB- he pretends it 's a cage for his little people animal -RRB- than the toy itself.This toy has been tossed in the toy chest since it 's arrival day and has n't left since . It 's position has slowly moved down to the bottom of the box ; I occassionally dig through the toys and move it to the top in hopes that he 'll play with it again . I have now lost all hope and the next time I go to dig it out , I will be removing it and dropping it off at Goodwill . -LRB- The 2 stars is for craftsmanship -RRB-
 My wife bought a Diego Talking Rescue Radio on Amazon for $ 31 for a nephew . I found it later online for $ 6 . Box and website descriptions clearly state toy has `` 16 animal rescues . '' That 's incredibly misleading , as other purchasers have noted . It has a simple Diego intro recording and 4 very brief Diego/animal recordings that occasionally mix in two words in Spanish , so I suppose there may be 16 -LRB- extremely minor -RRB- variants . They 're all scratchy and poor , with two animal names truncated -LRB- caiman is pronounced caim , dolphin is dolph -RRB- . The case seems strong enough to handle abuse . Too large for small hands . Has a belt clip . On-Off switch on the rear prevents battery from running down if the push-to-talk button on the front is pressed , say , in a toy box , but there is no auto shut-off . Changing batteries requires a standard phillips screwdriver.Packaging states `` Says phrases in English and Spanish . '' Spoken Spanish is five words ; hola , a rescate , & ayuden me . A lamp shows each animal as it 's referenced . Diego 's voice is excited , and encourages kids to imitate four animal sounds.Only instructions included are how to change batteries . No instructions online at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- just in case I was missing something obvious -RRB- . Item was manufactured from 2006 to 2008 , so the included batteries are over 2 years old.We 'll return it immediately . We expected much more from Fisher-Price/Mattel for an expensive electronic toy . My opinion of all F-P 's products ' value just took a nosedive .
 nice sturdy cap gun well built and strong only one problem the handle is poorly designed , it hangs on the gun . no part of the metal part of the pistol is connected to the handle if it was the gun would be very durable and would be a strong gun but the designers of this gun didnt think about this when they made this pistol.as i said a nice gun but crappy handle design
 I am sorry to say , but this little cap gun which my son -LRB- and I -RRB- were excited to receive broke after 8 shots . Like the other review , the hammer spring stopped working , and made the gun unable to fire . Made in China - big surprise ...
 My son bought this with his own money and was broken-hearted when it stopped working on the second day . The trigger would no longer pull back the hammer . Attempts to fix it did n't work because you ca n't take it apart without breaking it .
 Cap gun & caps where shipped in two orders had to pay shipping on both . Cap gun broke on 2nd day of use .
 this cap gun breaks it would be lovely if the company can make it sow i can fix the trigger mechanism so it wo n't break .
 The item say they have a gasket but there are non . These are useless without the gaskets and kinda pricey for what you get .
 This doll is so creppy i 'm terrifyed please exit this doll off the computer . I have a doll of my own it even creeps me out . Thank you for your time . Sorry this doll is gay
 THIS IS THE WORST REVIEW I HAVE EVER GAVE A BRATZ!I bought this for my daughter for her birthday , as well as a rock angelz big babyz cloe . THIS PONY WAS A DISGRACE ! THE HAIR COMPLETLEY FELL OUT AFTER MY DAUGHTER BRUSHED IT . THE HOOVES CRACKED , AND THE PAINT CAME OFF . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!! I RECOMEND THE DOLLS NOT THE PONIES1 !!!!
 Well , these are quite weird , they are from Cincinnati Ohio , but they are not of the UV 500 finish ... disappointing . the cards were also chipped , and uneven with the positioning of its card borders
 The pen is okay , but the questions in the manual are ridiculously hard . Definitely for adults who are Star Wars buffs !
 Can not recommend this product . Blasted thing 's plastic clip -LRB- one of two -RRB- broke when putting it on the basket hoop . Only thing I can think that might have contributed to this was that it was stored in the garage before putting it on -LRB- temperature probably 45 degrees -RRB- and I guess that contributed to it `` snapping '' when I put it on . Hard to believe . Maybe they should tell you to only install this product during the summertime ? Tried to follow up with Mfg but no response so $ 30 dollars later I am stuck with a broken product .
 Bought this for my sons . Sounded like a good idea . My husband installed it and it broke the second time the ball hit it . We literally had it one for ten minutes . Not worth the time it took to order it .
 I bought this for my son 's new basketball hoop . The plastic broke within the first 10 minutes on the hoop . I would recommend getting a metal ball return .
 My 11 year old shot no more than 10 baskets for each side started cracking then popped off . This is junk .
 whole thing is plastic with hooks that clip on the rim . the clips wont stay on and it is very flimsy , Not worth more than ten bucks ...
 Clips to the back of the rim both broke within the first hour and during normal shooting - no horse-play was involved !
 This is terrible . Broken first time my son used it . It is made of cheap plastic . Do n't waste your money
 It actually broke during the installation . I used some wire to secure it.I do n't think it is going to last very long.When it ships , it comes in a flat package .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I am a preschool teacher and today a 3 yr old girl brought this doll to school . First of all , why is she wearing A THONG ? That is disturbing to me on so many levels ! She looks like a prostitute and I would be mortified if I ever saw a real baby/child dressed so provocatively . The makeup is intense and ugly . All day long , the girls at preschool were playing with this doll and doing `` the booty dance . '' When I asked the girl why she liked this doll , she responded `` Because she 's sexy . '' This is coming from a 3 yr old , mind you . Very cheap & tacky ... A terrible role-model for little girls .
 I was very disappointed with this instrument I bought for my 4 year old . He has a set he uses at preschool that he likes very much , but the Rhythm Band product makes a huge mess ! I did n't even give it to my son , just returning it - it rubs sand pieces off and makes a huge mess . I could n't believe it - what kind of a toy/instrument is that ? I have seen several other sets from different companies at schools or friends , but none of them makes the mess this one does .
 Thank goodness I did n't have to buy this toy for the listed price , I got it a a garage sale almost brand new for 50 cents . I was soo excited with my garage sale find and could n't wait to get home and let my daughter try it out . It is the most worthless piece of plastic ever . What a dissapointing toy . It is so hard for my 1 and a 1/2 year old to push around . It is even hard for me to push when I am playing with her . It only gets one star from me for the cuteness factor and for the fact that it has an off switch . I do not reccommed this to anyone !
 This is a very short toy and is akward for a child to walk and push . Also goes off easily so if you are walking by be perpared for it to go off . It does have an on and off switch but i like to keep toys on so if my daughter goes to play with them it will make noise .
 For $ 25 this toy does n't do much . It is loud and only says a few things . My 18 month will play with it for a little while but it 's not too exciting . I was kind of disappointed and glad I did n't pay full price .
 This toy was bought for a 18 month old child . The child was excited when he saw this toy but when he tried to use it , it was too short for an 18 month old to push around . Therefore , the child did not want to play with this toy . Money wasted .
 I was so excited to give this vacuum to my 2 almost 3 year old for Christmas . She loves anything Elmo . When my husband and I were putting it together Christmas Eve I could n't believe how small it was . I was sure my husband had missed the top part of the handle somewhere in the box , WRONG ! This vacuum is meant for babies . It is so small my daughter has to hunch over to vacuum with it not to mention it is hard to push . I would not recommend this to anyone with a child over 18 months .
 This toy should be about a dollar . It would make a great toy in happy meal . Very small and few pieces . I would not buy at this price -LRB- 8 $ -RRB- again and will be returning .
 My son , 21 months , loves it . Personally , I 'm going deaf . There is only one volume setting and I feel like I 'm stuck sitting next to a massive speaker at a rock concert . This gift was opened 30 minutes ago and I 'm ready to hide it . The decibels are brutal .
 This is my first review of any item I have ever purchased . I thought for this price I better warn others . My 17 month old son loves the Backyardigans and so do I but this toy is a waste of money . Loud like the other reviewer commented , and heavy so all my son does is drag it along the hardwood floors . Take an aspirin or hide it !!
 Would have helped if there was a measurement description . Way smaller than what I exepcted . Wo n't get fooled again .
 I used this thing for a couple jobs here and there , but after a while it failed . The auto-shut off does n't work properly anymore . It turns off when it reaches its max PSI , but then it turns back on and starts shaking violently and I have to turn it off and back on for it to work . As long as I am spraying my airbrush it works , but as soon as it shuts off , havoc wreaks.The moisture trap is like ... disintegrating . There are chunks of plastic that are falling off into the trap cup . I do n't know what is wrong with this thing , but I do not recommend it .
 With regular use the compressor stopped working after just over two months . We have tried to call the support phone number on the unit multiple times with absolutely no response .
 I 've owned this for a little over a year and it 's seen very light use . I 've used it to prime and base coat models and I do small batches every month or so . It recently failed on me and will not hold air . I did n't have any trouble with the moisture trap or regulator like another user and it seemed like a solid unit , but considering the other reviews and my own experience , I would n't gamble with the quality of this unit . I want something reliable that , if taken care of properly , will last ; this is not it !
 Worked fine for about a month , but now it will not hold air and the compressor cycles off and on . Have contacted the manufacturer , but going through the warranty process is a hassle . If they respond in a positive way this review could go up , but for the moment I would recommend avoiding this unit .
 I purchased this item under the impression that it would fit my Paasche air brush . NOT !!! Nor will it fir my Badger air brush . When I contacted the company about it , I was , for all practical purposes , told `` tough luck `` I realize it is only a few bucks , however , because of the attitude displayed by their customer service I will NOT deal with this company again and strongly recommend the same to anyone .
 i bought this item as a gift & i was v disappointed by the lego pieces it had . there were just 12 pcs for $ 10 & even those were no fun to assemble & play . i wont recommend anyone to buy it .
 I bought it as a gift for my son , and laughed out loud when I opened the package and saw how small it was . Not much bigger than the cap to a felt marker .
 The description of the car was deceiving . The measurements advertised was for the box that it came , not the car itself . Very disapointed . RIP OFF .
 While it looks like fun and does float , we found that the pole that the sail is on does n't fasten correctly and so as soon as the child grabs it , the sail & pole pop off of the boat and does n't fasten back on well . The characters that come with the ship have room inside for storage but must be placed in an exact & specific way usually too complex for a toddler , While there is an area to snap the treasure chest into that will secure it , there is no way to keep one of the characters behind the wheel . If you are looking for all of the peices to be apart & floating in the tub , it works.This product did n't meet our expectation though and we are returning it .
 My son got this for Christmas and used it for the first time today . There is a molded piece of plastic inside the boat where the figures are stored . It is balloon like -LRB- hollow but enclosed -RRB- with indentations for the figures . It attaches to the bottom of the boat by two screws . But there are also two holes all the way through to the bottom of the boat -LRB- which I did n't see until it sunk -RRB- so when you put it in the water it fills up with water and capsizes . Now there 's about 1/4 cup of water inside this balloon like thing that I ca n't get out . I do n't know if I received a defective one or what as other reviewers have said it floats . If you take your chance on this toy , be sure to look for and seal the holes with silicone or something . Also , the sail does not stay attached and the treasure chest looks like it should scoop and sprinkle water but it 's pretty much useless . I am very disappointed !
 This was a great idea , very poorly implemented . First of all , the sail will not stay on and is a constant source of frustration for my daughter . Next , only Pablo and Uniqua are included . Third , Uniqua and Pablo do not stand on the boat , but constantly fall over . Plus , the paint started chipping of the figures about a week after we got them . Finally , where 's the plank and why have a treasure chest with no treasure inside ??
 This toy seemed great from previous reviews , but it has far too many pieces for the suggested age range.The characters , mast , sails , treasure chest and deck of the boat all come apart , making it more of a hassel to get it all together for bathtime enjoyment .
 My duaghter -LRB- she just turned 2 -RRB- loves the Backyardigan 's -LRB- as do I -RRB- so I think that she love 's just having this as a toy . However , we can not have a pirate adventure in the tub , because the figurines can not stay on the boat unless it is totally immobile , and even then you have to place them very carefully . They slip and slide as they are plastic and so is the boat deck . The sail constanly comes off . I have had to glue it on . We mostly play with this on the bedroom floor.Also , it would be nice if the other pirate characters were available , even at an extra cost , but I have not seen them anywhere . Argh!All in all , I am disappointed . They should be made to walk the plank for this .
 Lousy quality . Horrible black paint marks . Do not recommend . Do not buy , unless you do n't mind a real paint mess . Also , Uniqua and Pablo shed their paint rapidly . -LRB- -1 Star -RRB-
 the boat does not stay together in the tub . my 2-year-old son enjoys the little characters but not the boat .
 The green tempora paint was just put into a box with other items such as Goldflsh crackers ... and the paint top cracked opened and I had green paint over everything . My son loves the paint , but I did n't so much love the mess I had to clean simply to use the paint for the first time . After it was all cleaned , I only had about half the bottle left of usable paint as the rest was all over the box and crackers . I wish Amazon would have packaged this better .
 This is ridiculous , you all praise a multi-billion -LRB- that 's right -RRB- dollar corporation that donates $ 100,000 to the Susan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation when you clearly know this corporation is capable of donating millions . The Mattel Corp like many other American corporations main concern is to generate great revenue before anything else . This task is accomplished through publicity stunts like this , creating a pink ribbon Barbie with few of the proceeds going to the Susan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation has created large publicity and increase in sales for their products . In turn , they 've received more advertising than actually paid for through this tactic . And as if that was n't enough , the majority of Mattel products are made in third world nations such as china where most if not all their resources have been obtained . The estimated actual cost of this particular Barbie with packaging is around $ 2.50 -LRB- a pair of Nikes that retail over $ 100 USD costs less than $ 3 to make -RRB- , given that $ 2.50 was donated for every pink ribbon Barbie that was produced and sold and the total Mattel Corp donated to the Sunsan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation a total of 40,000 pink ribbon Barbie 's were produced and sold -LRB- I honestly believe there were more than 40k units produced personally -RRB- . So the math is as follows , the doll sells for $ 25.00 , Mattel spends $ 2.50 on each unit and an additional $ 2.50 in donations , the profit total for Mattel Corp for each pink ribbon Barbie comes out to $ 20 being 800 % profit from the total cost . But lets be more realistic , say there was additional costs that have n't been calculated at all , with an estimated calculation of these additional costs Mattel Corp still brings home 700 % profit per doll . Mattel Corp in no way is a philanthropist .
 I am a breast cancer survivor and I find this pink dressed , blond `` doll '' of perfection rather insulting to my female self , the perfect perky boobs , the long blond hair , the body that does not exist on a woman after the ravages of chemotheraphy . I can perfectly understand Mattel wanting to support breast cancer research and donate a portion of proceedes towards funding -LRB- and thank you for your generosity -RRB- , but to do it under the guise of selling a `` doll '' which does not reflect the community of women who have experienced the challenges of recovery and survivorship ... a doll which does not look like a survivor is literally painful and insulting ! Why does n't this doll have a wig ? Why does n't she have a breast removed ? Why does n't she have a bra fitted with a form to mimic the shape of a breast ? What is wrong with reality ? Why ca n't Mattel acknowledge the true nature of this disease and make a doll which comforts , not insults the sensibility of women who have suffered from this disease . I will purchase this doll , just because I am horrified by the product itself . I will disrobe her , and with a saw , cut off her breast so that she will look more like me , a survivor , a woman of pride . I will dismantle the construct of supposed beauty and make this image more like my own - because I am what is woman , not the facade of a false construction .
 I had this new in the box , paid $ 100 for it , Special School Edition , Intel Sold their responsibility of it to Digital Blue , they refuse any helpin getting it to work . Windows Vista or Windows 7 are completely incompatible.If a company is so willing to abandon all responsibility for their productline , they are not making quality , have no ethics and are only their to takeyour money . Thieves is another word that comes to my mind , crooks , charlatans , con artist , generally the type of people that are the problem with this world .
 I spent two hours getting this to work on my computer . I kept getting a message that I did not have all the necessary files . After numerous reinstalls & reboots I tried to go to the website listed in the readme file . That website no longer exists , but eventually I found some helpful information on the Intel site . I had to download and install a new codec file . After installing the new file the software did finally run , sort of . It periodically freezes up and requires a hard reboot.My monitor resolution is set at 1920x1280 , but the QX3 software resets it to 600x800 . This would not be so bad if the original resolution would be restored when exiting . Instead it stays in the low resolution requiring it to be reset via the control panel . This is really annoying!The microscope does seem to work well as far as viewing things goes , and it could be a lot of fun for the young scientist in your family . But , if it does n't work properly it is probably just going to gather dust.My recomendation to anyone considering this microscope would be to get an old computer & just dedicate it to the microscope . It is a very good value if it works .
 As a well-paid professional Software Tester with 30 + years of varied experience from well-respected companies ... I must say this is the WORST product installation I 've run across in years ! It takes hours of repetitive searching , rebooting , etc. to get this product to work . On the contrary , the computer microscope user interface is EXCELLENT ! It is apparent this product received little if any installation testing before being released ... probably to cut costs thereby using the customer 's time and money as the test lab ! Shame , Shame ! Shame ! Do NOT waste your money on this one like I did . The sad part is I use to work for Intel .
 I just returned it . The image was so poor that above minimum magnification I could n't even tell what I was looking at.It would have been a fantastic item if they had just used a better CCD . The plastic moving parts were very imprecise also.I gave it two stars just because the idea is excellent.I would gladly pay 20 dollars more for a decent image sensor.Oh well .
 SKU # 00-A3AN-OFJ3 , ISBN/ASIN #Booo 59TF3 , ListingID 0725F36248purchase6-12-09The microscope came with outdated -LRB- DOS -RRB- software . when we unkowinglky installed the disc it crashed our computer , costing $ 300.00 to repair it.What is AMAZON goiug to do to make this right . At this time the microscope is of no use to us . I expect a full refund or an upgraded microscope at no charge.Your understanding is apreciated .
 This was the big gift my daughter wanted for Christmas . She is 10 years old and wanted a Microscope . ... I thought it would be nice to be able to capture the images on the computer . First of all the microscope does not go to the molecular level . It is difficult to focus and basically is n't even good for a paper weight . It 's only the end of February and I was taking something out of the closet and it almost fell on my head which made me visit the website to post my review . I was n't surprised to see the price had dropped considerably for this piece of garbage . Save your money .
 In my opinion this item is not worth the money . Very crude focus controls . Magnification seems to work but you ca n't focus . Just when the item starts to become clear you reach the end of the travel . Also at this time the unit will not work on any of my XP Pro PCs . It did at one time but I expect the drivers are now outdated for XP .
 The dog is really good looking , and looks realistic . The only problem is that , it is n't really a stuffed animal . The head is really hard , its filled with a hard substance . The legs are rods in them . The body is really firm . The Basset Hound resembles more of a real , dog that was stuffed , as compared to an actual stuffed animal that a child could cuddle and play with . It is a little to realistic for my tastes , or the person I bought it for . They were really creeped out by the dog .
 Other than chewing of the little animals , my grandson does n't play with this toy at all . He 's had it for months and still no interest . He has his favorite toys but this is n't one of them . I wish I had n't spent the money on it . I 'm not even sure how a baby is suppose to play with this toy . There is no car to go down the road or bridge or what ever that blue thing is . You ca n't put the letter in the mail box , there is no place to put it `` in '' . You can push it through the large hole in the top , but it 's not the shape of the letter , and the mail box does n't stand up on it 's own . You 're suppose to put the animals on the center magnet and it will tell you what it is , an owl and a couple others having nothing to do with mail . It 's even hard for me to make it work , but it does n't seem like much fun .
 I put this toy on my son 's first birthday wish list and it 's completely forgettable . It is n't engaging , interesting or fun , and the pieces just lie around - there 's no way to conveniently store the pieces when not in use . Do n't waste your money . There are so many other great things out there !
 This toy seems okay , but my 13 month old son is n't that interested . The music and sounds are also somewhat annoying .
 I do n't know if it 's just how the seller packaged this toy or if it is poorly made , but the toy came squished up and really deformed ! The box/package was n't so much as dented.I was going to give this to my nephew for a birthday present . I certainly did n't - that would be incredibly poor taste in its condition ! I donated it to a toy drive . I 'm sure that it 'll make * someone * happy .
 Cute idea but if nothing grows , what 's the point ? I typically have no issues growing any kind of plant but was able to grow nothing but a few measly seedlings that would n't grow - and most of the seeds never even germinated . My 5 year old was upset but it was n't anything we did - probably just lousy dirt and seed quality . Do n't waste your money , make one yourself at home .
 When I received this product , the plastic dome was cracked , so I was going to return it , but my husband tossed it , thinking it was ready to throw away , and not realizing that I was going to return it , so I was n't able to use it as the gift like I had planned and I was n't able to exchange it because it was tossed , but the item was very cute and it was a cute idea .
 I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present . We just put it together and I have to say that it is n't very much product for what you spend . The dome is made of very lightweight plastic ... the `` fairy figurine '' is nothing like what is pictured -LRB- it was even cheaper looking if that 's possible . -RRB- The dirt and rocks are minimal as are the seeds.In the future I think I 'd do this the old fashioned glass terrarium way but it was about 15 minutes of fun with her . Now , I just hope those seeds grow !
 The main part of this gift I ordered for my girlfriend was missing from the package -LRB- the seeds -RRB- . Without them the whole terrarium was nothing more than a doorstop . I just got the seeds in the mail today -LRB- after contacting 2 companies -RRB- , and even if the seeds manage to germinate into seedlings , the excitement of the gift has lost its luster .
 My 5 year old daughter received this as a gift . She was very excited and we quickly went to work on creating our fairy garden even though we were both very disappointed at the quality of the product . It is all plastic . The fairy statue is a tiny little purple thing . It is n't at all as cool as the box makes it look . We even had to use most of the seeds during the first planting . We quickly had some sprouts , but within 2 weeks we had mold and the entire thing died . I tried everything to revive it , however I think that the $ $ spent was not worth it . I will add that I have a green thumb and know a great deal about plants . We placed in the perfect spot in the house and I watched it like a hawk to make sure that things would go well .
 Followed all driections . Placed near window will good light . The soil is still moist so dont really know what the prob . is
 Looks like it would be a nice little tararium for a little girl soI got it only problem is when we tried to set it up and start the seeds growing there were no seeds to grow in the kit . States on the box that you get 4 packets of different seeds but there were none and this made for a disappointed little girl . Not happy with this purchase .
 We gave the seeds the perfect amount of light and the perfect amount of water and the ideal temperature and this bio dome produced only one viable plant , if that . A handful of sprouts sprouted , but it was all down hill after that .
 I bought this for my daughter as a thank you for working so hard in the house and at school . That was a grand gesture considering the terrarium is nothing more than a lightweight plastic bowl with an even lighter weight clear plastic dome lid . Her kit was missing the seeds . We prepped the dirt , placed the cheap looking all-yellow-fairy in the dirt , positioned the colored rocks and pinwheel with bells and headed to Lowes to get seeds -LRB- as close to what they were supposed to be as possible -RRB- -- I was NOT going to contact the company and wait for seeds to arrive . My daughter placed the stickers on the sides of the bowl and we are now waiting . The plants better grow . Hmmm .
 So we bought this for our 5 year old 's birthday , who does believe in fairies . She was very excited to set it up . We were disappointed at the poor quality of materials . The bottom is pretty cheap plastic . The bell and pinwheel -LRB- to alert humans that fairies are near -RRB- really do not work . The colorful stones were not very colorful . Pretty sad .
 I was seriously disappointed to learn that this product is Made in China of dubious materials . I attempted to call customer service , which operates at very limited times -LRB- 9-5eastern , I live on the west coast -RRB- , and got a scripted response about meeting safety standards instead of assurances re
 I bought this for my son last Christmas . He was 20 months old then . What a disappointment ! Do n't get me wrong , we LOVE Elmo ! I also have a very high tolerance for `` noisy '' toys . It just repeats the same thing over & over . Very annoying ! He also flaps his ` wings ' and wobbles forward . That works OK if he is on a flat surface , but if he is on carpet or runs into ANYTHING he falls over and squirms . My son played with it for about 3 minutes & would never play with it again . I felt guilty selling it in my garage sale for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Okay , it 's a TRANSFORMER right ?? It should change into something ?? NOPE . It 's a `` robot replica '' and is just a robot . BOO !! HISS !! Why would you even produce a NON-TRANSFORMING Transformer ?? Plus , you take off his whole arm to put on the gun . Like you are n't going to lose either the arm , the gun , or both.That being said , my son got it as a gift from a friend , and he really does LIKE the toy , it just does n't transform .
 My son was ecstatic to receive this Iceman , but within a week it fell apart completely ! Total bummer . Super glue not helping .
 Many -LRB- over 40 % so far -RRB- of the dice have quality defects . Among the defects are some sides rounded while others are flat , holes halfway through , bulges and some sides being lopsided -LRB- causing some of the faces to actually be different sizes -RRB- . Since these are advertised as `` perfect for ... games '' and not as ` perfect for jewelry or decoration ' these defects at such a high rate is problematic . If you are looking for fair dice or even medium quality dice then keep looking.Playing with a pair of these is like playing with a deck of cards that are different sizes , folded or torn . What would you do if you bought a deck like that ?
 I also got a batch of what appears to be the rejects from a factory . Lots of defects and extra paint I spent about 40 min scratching off . Not perfict dice .
 These dice are totally wonky for the most part . over half of them either have messed up sides -LRB- aka arent flat -RRB- or the dots look weird . if you dont care for quality then i guess buy them , otherwise stay away
 Bought these dice for inclusion with a game that I have developed . They were priced right . Upon receiving the dice , I noticed that some of the white dots -LRB- Known as PIPs -RRB- were smeared or off center . The plastic cubes also had indentations , or sink holes on a side probably from the injection process . What these dice looked like overall was that they were factory 2nds bought from the manufacturer at a dirt cheap price -LRB- no doubt from China -RRB- and used for re-sale to people like me . They are okay for little kids , but definately low quality . It was not worth it to pay to ship them back , so I bit the bullet and now sort through the bunch looking for good sets of 2 . Would I buy these again ? No . The return policy was great , but it was n't worth paying the freight .
 There are 100 19mm 6 sided red dice . They are in crappy condition . The look like they 've been rolled around in sand and gravel , covered in chips and scratches . They are also very poorly made . The pips are already losing paint and they are out of proportion with the rest of the dice . I would rather not have these dice . I would rather have a box of rocks .
 These dice are awful ! They are not square , all of them are rounded or have dips and they chip very easily . Save your money .
 As some other reviewers said , almost all of mine had defects . They appear clear in the picture but they are not when they arrive . They seem all scratched up .
 Incredibly bad quality . Many dice were mismarked -LRB- e.g. had more than one of each number , and as a result were missing other numbers , one even had a &#34; 7 &#34; -RRB- . Many were smudged . So bad it was laughable !
 I ordered these dice to play with dice cup for a fun night of liar the game . Sadly when they arrived to my home they appeared to have been used . The dice were warn & scraped up . Also they are very large barely fit into a dice cup . Much larger then the ones that would come in your average board -LRB- 16mm -RRB- these are -LRB- 19mm -RRB- much larger then what I was expecting . I did my research never realized there were different sized dice . So I hope this helps the normal dice I 'm used to & you may be used to are 16mm these that I am speaking about are 19mm much bigger I noticed the difference when I first took them out the packaging . I ordered some other dice 12mm much smaller but they look great & are a perfect size for any dice cup u might have .
 Super cheap so I cant complain as these were essentially table decorations for a casino themed event but man they are lumpy and crooked . I would be embarassed to use these in a game of anything .
 The dice are not all new . Most of them are used and have missing faces and extra faces . But if used carelessly for outdoor or picnic games , these dice will do the job . Just do n't expect all of them to be in perfect condition .
 Buyer beware - this seller cancells orders weeks after purchase ... do n't count on them if you 're hoping for a gift in a timely manner . Right now it says they have 2 in stock even though they JUST cancelled my order ... and therefor ruined my christmas gift !
 Our nieces wanted these Bratz dolls -LRB- and it was grudgingly OK 'd by their mother -RRB- ... far from my choice of toy but the kid liked it ... whatever .
 This broke soon after we started using it . It was fun and easy for a 3 year old -LRB- and my 2 year old kind of got it too -RRB- , but then it just stopped working . We 've replaced both sets of batteries several times to no avail .
 WHY IS THIS THING SO EXPENSIVE !? I DO N'T GET IT . ITS JUST A STUFFED ANIMAL ! I WANT TO GET IT FOR A FRIEND AND ITS SO EXPENSIVE !
 I read all the other comments here before ordering this 20X magnifier from Bausch & Lomb . I also ordered the 10X . I was aware of the tiny size of the 20X so I knew what to expect . Well my first impression was that the plastic is cheap quality material and the metal is not as polished as shown on the picture . While disappointing it is not the reason i returned it . There are incursions of the plastic over the edge of the lense and since it is already a minuscule aperture I think that is unacceptable . Using my 10X magnifier I looked at the surface of the 20X lense and there were micro black dots of what seems to be molten plastic encrusted on the glass -LRB- see my picture -RRB- . The lense part itself seemed good . If you do a google search as I did you will find that this 20X hasting triplet from B&L used to be shiny and different looking . I suspect these guys have outsourced to china the assembling part and from the copy I got there is zero quality control on this product . This trend was further confirmed by another online retailer who posted a warning that 40 % of that model are being returned by customers . I got a refund . The 10X glass is really nice but the 20X either missed the quality target or was too expensive for the poor quality .
 For most applications the 20 power Hastings Triplet is a little too powerful and too small to use and is lost easily . I would suggest the 10 power Hastings Triplet which is larger and has a greater field of vision . I have purchased many `` triplets '' during the last 25 years and find that it is wise to get a Bausch & Lomb or better 10 power triplet . Some cheaper ones have one thick lens and therefore are not triplets which should have 3 lens for optimal field depth and less distortion . Other cheap loupes fall apart almost immediately or the lens section falls out causing dirt and grease to accumulate . B&L is a fine loupe but the twenty power loupe has very limited applications .
 The seller should warn the consumer that the picture is not the actual size , cause the merchandise was much more smaller than the posted picture . You need to read the details carefully . Difficult to use . Beware .
 I received this today and it is no bigger than the tip of my pinkie . You need a magnifying glass to see it . I put it up to my eye and saw nothing but blur . Why would anyone sell this ? It 's good for nothing . A total ripoff !
 This toy was VERY difficult for my son to use . It was also quit difficult for me to use too . So I do n't think that it is a fine motor skill or age problem . The one or two times I could actually get the marble to the finish it was only after muttered curse words and a lot of patience . Unless you are looking forward to frustration skip this toy .
 I do n't understand what the other reviewers saw in this toy . You are racing against the clock to complete the challenge in 60 seconds . None of us -LRB- ages 5 , 16 , and adult -RRB- were able to complete the challenge at all . While it might be fun to try parts of it , it seems impossible to make it through the whole maze without making any mistakes and having to start over . We are all bewildered as to who would try to market this to children who will quickly become homicidal playing with this . Maybe I should have given it more stars for educational value since it will teach the kids how to swear .
 I was so excited to find this game . I remember my sons having so much fun playing it over at my parents home . I never bought it , because it made it such a special treat for them to go over to Mawee and Pawee 's to play this game . My dad would race the boys to see who could be the fastest.I decided that I wanted my grandsons to have the same special memories when they visited my home . I patiently waited for the arrival of the game with thoughts of how my grandson would look back fondly at the fun they had at their Grammy 's home.BURST ~ That 's the sound of my dream popping.This game is so cheaply made , so flimpsy , so difficult , and almost impossible to nagivigate due to the construction , that it 's hard to explain my disappointment.I found , and bought the original game on e-bay . I would n't waste my time and money on this sad replica of the 1979 game ` Running Yourself Ragged ' , it 's just not worth the pain .
 Complete piece of junk . The build quality is a on a par with what you might win at a carnival . The plastic is brittle and flimsy . The controls are badly weighted . The response is inconsistent with the player 's input . Somewhere , Tommy is rolling in his grave . Spending good money on this is pure foolishness .
 i like the concept . But it is definitely overpriced and not worth it . I bought it for my daughter and i wish i could return it but its a christmas gift from &#34; santa &#34; so we are stuck with it .
 Loved the product but it was damaged . Wood was cracked . He was disappointed . Sending it back today . Will order another one .
 This item is not what is pictured . Be sure to read description . I did n't .
 maybe two out of the 10 will give the right temp all others will range from about 30 to 40 degree differences
 I bought two boxes to use with my sixth grade science class . NO two of them agree on a temperature when they were put into a tub of room temp water.Some of them registered a temp below freezing in our heated classroom .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 I was ver disappointed by the outright lie . It is called a Staunton Set but in fact it is no brand . I would not have purchased it . As I live overseas , postage is too high for me to return . Amazon has a lot to answer for .
 The info says that you can use Blue 's paw as a stamp , to put paw prints -LRB- that wash off easily -RRB- on the bathtub walls . We got soap ink and attempted this and it does not work at all . Blue is cute and fast drying , but his paws do n't stamp at all .
 I choose this product for it 's design . The burgundy coloring and lizard looking appearance . I searched long and hard for a small attractive set . Excited to find this one in particular , I purchased it . To my extreme disappointment the product I received did not match the product 's image as shown . It was Pewter lizard top and bottom with burgundy vinyl along the seams and pewter lizard dice cups . Not cute at all ! -LRB- personal opinion -RRB- Customer Service was great . They sent a replacement immediately , thinking an error in style selection had been made . I was let down a second time . My end result was having to return both sets .
 I bought this toy for my brother who is Autistic becasue it came HIGHLY recomended . It 's a good concept , a ball that can stack and has a smaller ball that can be placed within in it . Good , simple fun for much younger kids . Small problem ; it 's made out of nerf like material so lasts about five seconds . So , the kids ca n't play with it becasue it 's destroyed .
 I thought I 'd get this for my son to use when he is brushing his teeth . What a BIG disappointment ... I used a digital timer and the second hand on the clock to calibrate it . The 1 minute timer was timed at 11/2 minutes , the 2 minutes timer was timed at either 11/2 minutes or 3 minutes depending on which side the timer stands . Good and simple concept , but really BAD and defective item .
 These two timers are very small , very poor quality , and filled not with what was shown on the picture . It was not worth paying for the shipping , and I was so-o disappointed . It is absolute waste of time/money .
 My 2.5 year old loved this toy , until he figured out how to take it apart , and slide the glas out of the plastic cover . He broke it in no time.Otherwise the timeing was off 5-10 seconds.It was fun for what it costs .
 Both sand timers arrived with broken plastic edges . The blue one had a piece stuck inside the plastic casing that protects the sand timer . The quality is below acceptable . Shipping back the product will cost equal or more that the price of the item . Only buy it if you have some money that you want to waste
 This Suduko handheld game was not user friendly . I returned it for a full refund .
 You have to squint to see the numbers on the screen . Directional buttons are too small for adult fingers . You have to search for the cursor - too small . Get the puzzle 98 % completed and discover an error and you have to `` undo '' every move you 've made since you used that number . The game should have a `` delete '' button in lieu of `` undo '' so you can simply place the cursor over the number you need to change . Save your money - these Sudoku electronic games are not large enough or developed enough to enjoy . I 'm sure changes will be made after enough bad reviews but for now - forget it !
 I totally agree with the other reviewer of this game . The numbers are very hard to read , and many sellers show the screen as being backlit with a blue light and having very easy-to-read numbers , so when you buy the game you think you are getting a decent product but are really just getting a piece of junk ! Definitely save your money until the game is greatly improved !
 Well I bought this for my mother-in-law who is hooked on Su Doku . I bought it just as a small token . The price was cheap and I thought why not?Well it is hard to see the screen . It is also a bit impractical in that if you realise that you got a number wrong 20 turns ago , you have to go and delete all the 20 turns you just spent time doing to get to it and amend it.The price was cheap , so I was not expecting anything fancy but to be honest I was disappointed with it.When I realise that I have gotten a number wrong I do not bother trying to find it , I just start a new game . But the fact that is is so hard to see the screen and find the curser is very annoying and in fact no one even bothers using it now . We just print out the sheets from the web and do it the old fashoned way with pen and paper on a clipboard.As I said , no harm done , it was a cheap thing anyhow .
 The screen , buttons , and cursor are so small that you have to have very good eyesight and small fingers . It gave me eyestrain and a headache each time I played it . After using it twice , I gave it away . I prefer the puzzles in magazines , etc. .
 The cursor is so minute it is difficult to see it.Makes the game unplayable in most suitable environments.Design issue could be fixed easily !
 This product is terrible . The very essence of Su Doku is logic & reasoning . This product leaves everything to guesswork . I returned it , ate the postage , & was happy to be rid of it ! I then downloaded shareware from the Palm Store to my Palm Pilot for $ 10 . Could n't be happier !
 This timer only counts up and it is confusing to work , It was not what I was looking for .
 What a disappointment . We live in America and speak English . From the Amazon ad it looked like the Barbie did too . She was so excited when she opened it . Then when we put the batteries in to find out that the Barbie spoke Spanish , a language she does n't understand , she put it down and went on to check out her cousins toys . We also have never been able to make the ipod work with it . Nothing like a sad little girl at Christmas . This was her present from her Grandmother that I sent the link to order from . I guess it is either Amazon 's fault or the distribution house .
 I bought this doll for my Grandchild 's 6th birthday . I made arrangements to make sure she had her Ipod with her when she opened her gift . The doll said only 2 phrases , over and over again . When we hooked it up to the Ipod it would start to play a song and then quit . I changed the batteries , but it did n't make a difference . IT JUST DOES N'T WORK . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ! A VERY DISAPPOINTED BIRTHDAY GIRL .
 My daughter wanted a talking Barbie and this was the only thing I could find . She only says two phrases , or rather says one phrase -LRB- `` Love it ! '' -RRB- and sings/raps the other . You can plug in your iPod , but she does n't sing along . She only repeats her two phrases . That being said , my daughter does play with her , in the same way she plays with any Barbie . Could have saved myself some money and bought a regular Barbie .
 My Child recieved this game for Christmas from the Cancer society -LRB- 2011 -RRB- ... . upon opening the game she was horrified ! not only was the clay -LRB- in its plastic wrappers -RRB- dried up but also infested with dead bugs -- winged of some kind ... . and white mold . When I contacted the company the costomer service denied my request for a replacement game . And told me I was rude for asking for one .
 While the premise of this product is fine , the box that I received contained clay that had hardened into colorful hockey pucks - useless for its intended purpose . While I understand that this particular instance of the product was produced by a now defunct company and that the new versions have better quality clay , THIS IS THE JUNK THAT AMAZON SENT . I detect a trend here . Retailers foist their outdated junk on consumers through Amazon - and then everyone involved pretends its not their fault . Just watch out and make sure you inspect each Amazon product before your credit card dispute time runs out .
 The game came on time and I thought it would be fun , but the clay was so hard that after my husband and I added water to the clay as the instructions said to , we just had a mess , he had green hands and I had blue hands and the clay still did not get soft enough to mold . I will never buy the game again it is stupid
 Bought this game this summer for a family reunion , but it did not arrive on time.So , we just opened it last night to play , and ALL of the different color clay portions that you MUST have to play the game were as hard as a rock and completely unusable . I have waited too long to return the game , so stuck with it.Apparently , newer versions of this game do n't have this problem . However , Amazon is still clearly selling the defective product . Shame on Amazon and Northstar games .
 Did n't really like this game . Sounded good , but it was pretty lame . We made up our own rules but then donated to charity .
 I was VERY disappointed with this product . The picture that it shows is a lot more characters in it . The product only comes with 3 characters . My 10 year old son was very disappointed . The characters are also extremely tiny compared to what the product is advertised . I will NOT buy another product from this store again .
 I bought this for my 3 year old and he lost interest very quickly . The buttons to make Superman punch are difficult for a youngster to use .
 I was very disappointed when I received this toy and it did not work . I placed new batteries in the elmo and it worked for about an hour and then stopped working again . I returned the product and was then notified that they were no longer available so now I am elmo-less .
 I bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter 's birthday this month . Elmo sings and when you pop his binky in he hums the song instead . I think the product would have been better if Elmo has made continual sucking sounds while the binky was in his mouth and tried to say different things that sounded garbled until you took the binky out . All in all , my granddaughter and I were both not impressed and it did not hold her interest .
 Terrible game . What do you do when you cant find the item ? And what a mess it makes ... the kids didnt even care for it-it got only played once before it got shelved and never touched again .
 This was the worst idea for a game . The kids have to run around as fast as they can to bring back items like `` table clothes '' , `` ugly shirts '' , etc.So , when my 9 yr old twins were trying to quickly get an ugly shirt they destroyed the closet . Retrieving the table cloth was a even bigger mess.It was a nice try having the final round be the `` clean up '' , but how is a nine year old going to re-fold a table cloth as fast as she can . They hated it . Maybe this idea would be okay if it was an outside game .
 If you play this game at home with your own kids , some cousins , some neighborhood kids ... your own kids will win big-time . Huge advantage.How will the other kids know where you keep stuff ? Do you want these kids to destroy your house while they 're at it ? Best to purchase if you have at least 2 children -LRB- of your own ! -RRB- over age 5 .
 If you want a mystery game , play CLUE . If you want a strategy game , play Settlers of Cataan and its derivatives . If you want a headache , play Mystery of the Abbey !
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 I bought this flashlight for my 2 years old son who love switches and lights . This product is really poor quality and broke after only a few uses . I wish I had just bought a regular flashlight .
 Got this for my daughter for Christmas and did not work - even after exchanging the batteries many times . My complaint is not so much on the toy as it is Etoys . After contacting them , they said they would send another one . It is January 9th today . My daughter has forgotten about her toy now and I still do n't have another one.I contacted Etoys about a refund instead - well , they have not answered back
 I had to return this puzzle set even though my son -LRB- age 21/2 -RRB- loved it . The pieces kept breaking apart with splintery wooden shards that were very unsafe . I glued the first few breaks back together but at least one piece broke every time we played with it ! We used it only about 5 times . I returned it with no problem . I 've had better luck with the `` Melissa & Doug '' puzzles sets like this one , unfortunately they do n't have a `` Curious George '' set .
 I was looking for some game chips . These are like scrap material with sharp little edges . I was not expecting much and got even less . Save your money and buy some bingo chips at Walgreens . The learning value comes from the fact that I should know better by now .
 I hope that someday Mattell realizes that kids like to play with Barbies . They cant even brush the rats nests they call hair without the head falling off . My kids play with my old Barbies because they were made better . Mattell needs to stop making -LSB- stuff -RSB- . Even the more expensive Holiday Barbies fall apart . I would pay more for a better made Barbie but as it is when my kids get them for presents I dont let them take them out of the box because it is the only place they wont fall apart .
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas and it was usefully when she began walking -- she would pus it around and move about slowly . But now that she is more active , they toy just does n't move and the wheels just see to be stuck . You are better off buying something with wheels that turn and do n't make your kids become frustrated .
 I recieved this toy as a gift for my then 8 month old daughter . She was more interested in the box it came in than anything else . Like many have said , the base is too narrow , and she was always tipping it over which caused her to tip over as well resulting in lots of crying . They could have at least put more activites on the toy , music or lights . Maybe , then the toy would be worth the money . As is , this toy is n't worth a buck .
 We bought this when my daughter was 8 months old . The base was way too narrow for her to try to walk with it . She constantly tripped over the wheels and fell . It was also difficult to convert it from a riding toy to a walking toy . We would have to be extremely careful to make sure it was latched , so it would n't collapse with her . After a couple of weeks , I left it down in the riding position so she would quit tripping herself on it . She enjoying crawling and pushing it in front of her for a little while . She never could ride very well on it . It was too low for her to be able to push herself . Overall , I 'd say spend your money on something else . The little pleasure she got out of it certainly did n't justify the price .
 The toy is great ... If it had some way to make it safer . It rolls way to fast when there supporting there wait one it ... It causes it to roll forward way to fast . Especially on hardwood floors but even on our carpet . If it.had some kind of device were you could ajust some kind of breaking system that weight and surface of floor , i believe it would.be.much.safer , easier and teach them more quickly
 This is the worste walk and ride toy ever !!! Its is to flimsy and wobbly , no toddler will be able to safetly use it . Should be recalled .
 I bought this for my 9 month old daughter to encourage walking . It is cute but that is all ! The plastic is very flimsy and flips over very easy . It flips over if she tries to pull up on it or is just pushing it . She is rather small so I can not imagine a normal sized baby having any luck with it either . The wheels also do n't turn very well . I do not recommend !
 We returned this the same day we got it . It is n't sturdy in the least . It slid forward very fast whenever my son tried to take a step . It fell over when my son tried to turn it . The gadgets on the front are n't all that exciting either . Probably the only thing this could possibly be used for is the `` bike '' .
 This toy is cheap , unstable , boreing and doesnt encourage walking . If anything This toy is ok for the ride on function , but definitely useless as a walker . My 11 month old doesnt even exspress an interest in this toy . He likes to sit on it and play hide and seek with the back compartment for about two minutes at a time and thats about it . The walker is so light weight that its just a bad fall waiting to happen . If you do purchase this you should only use it on carpet . Really this thing is nothing but a dust collector and im sorry i waisted the money .
 This toy does n't really do much . Did n't hold my daughter 's attention for more than a second at any time . Plus , it 's just too light and wheels move too fast . Even when she was walking unsupported , it would fly ahead of her and cause her to fall over , or she would tip it over . Buy a more expensive one with more bells and whistles and a bit more weight to it because this thing is n't worth the $ 20 .
 We received this toy for my daughter 's one-year birthday and were disappointed . It is sturdy when used as a walker , but she already seems too big for it -LRB- and she is not an abnormally large child -RRB- . I would not recommend spending money on this toy .
 I could not get the toy to latch so my son can stand and walk with it . It clicks in and then pops back out . Not worth it .
 Neither of my children -LRB- up to 2 yrs -RRB- were interested in this . Poor design . The only use we got out of it was for one of them -LRB- at about 6 mo -RRB- to sit next to it and play with it . Otherwise , they never used it . It is not ride-able at all ! Not sturdy enough as a walker . Too bad , it 's cute ! No educational value . Not worth the money ! I gave mine away for free ... could n't bring myself to sell it to anyone . I would NOT recommend it !
 Bought this for my grandson when he was just starting to walk at around 10 months , he 's 1 now . While the toy itself is brightly colored and has some movable parts he did n't stay engaged with it for too long.As a walker it works decently , although it moves a bit unsteady for babies/infants who are just starting out . Now that my grandson is older we have tried letting him use it as a riding toy but he can only effectively sit on it and that 's only after you set him on it . The seat part in the back is too wide for him to swing his leg over and the antenna and the other toy -LRB- on the back -RRB- also make getting on it by himself a task . Getting off is a whole other disaster waiting to happen for the same reason that he could n't get on.Overall I would not say that this product is a recommended buy it looks cute but it 's just not functional , it can be pushed pulled and otherwise dragged but that 's not it 's purpose . my grandson has more fun flipping it over than actually trying to ride it or push it .
 As a walker , this toy too slippy for hardwood floors . Every time my 12 month pre-walker pushes it , the wheels skid on the floor - they are very light plastic and they do not even roll on our floors so most times the toy slips across the floor with my son ending up belly down on the floor . I think it would work better on carpeted floors but it 's too dangerous if you have wooden floors . My son has no interest in the toy anymore , does n't even play with the attachments on the front of it .
 We received this toy as a gift . Actually , we received two of them ! Very nice of the people who bought them for us , however , this is not a durable toy at all . It 's very flimsy . My daughter fell over on it immediately . And what 's with that thing sticking out of the back of it ? It has `` put an eye out '' written all over it . It 's not durable as a car and it 's flimsy as a walker -LRB- there 's absolutely NO resistence , so unless the child 's an excellent walker already , he or she is going to fall -RRB- . The plastic even feels thin . There 's a little thing on it that spins and every few days or so when my daughter passes the toy , she spins it for a few seconds and then moves on . Definitely not worth the price !
 I am sorry but I have to write a review again on this ... Most parents already have the common sense to assist your child when starting out with this toy and supervise them with it ... that does not need to be told . Bottom line is that this toy -LSB- stinks -RSB- in my opinion ! My daughter who is 10 months old and walking along furniture and everrything was walking with this toy -LRB- WHILE BEING SUPERVISED ... THANK YOU -RRB- and next thing we knew the walker fell sideways and landed on top of her ! It rolls too too easily and we have decent carpeting here too . This purchase was a mistake ! I am sorry I bought it . There are much sturdier walkers out there and also equipped with better activities than this one !
 I bought this for my son when he was 10 months old . He enjoyed pulling up to it and being able to move it around , but it is not sturdy and tough enough to be a riding and a push toy . The wheels are very taught , which made it difficult to steer so he could only really enjoy using it when he could push it a long distance , like our driveway . I would save my money and just buy one that they can push around and has other neat stuff on it . He only weighed 16-18lbs and it was very hard for him to get it moving when he sat on it especially with the way it sits so low to the ground . The wheels did not want to budge and it would not glide what so ever when he sat on it . So he was not to fond of riding this toy .
 I will not let my daughter use this for walking . It is very shaky .
 I love Amazon , but seriously ... it 's less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at WalMart and about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at Target . Durability is good , but it does n't really have any appeal to our son . A friend has a Winnie the Poo one that has Poo sitting on top and he spins when it 's pushed ... our son LOVED that one , but I ca n't seem to find it anywhere .
 I got this for my son when he started cruising , and it just did not give him a secure support for walking -LRB- even on carpet -RRB- . It ended up sitting in the corner of the room , and he would occasionally play with the gadgets on it , but he did n't trust it to support him -- and I could n't blame him . Some relatives bought him a truck style with 3 wheels and it was much more stable .
 I would n't recommend buying this . It does n't roll well on the floor at all . My daughter -LRB- 1 year old -RRB- was sitting on it with my husband calling for her to come to him . She could n't push it , but ended up falling off cause it would n't roll . Do n't buy this one .
 After one day of buying this toy , I noticed that when it is set up as a push toy , the wheels are too close to each other and it makes my son kick it and lean forward too much while walking . Also when in the ride on position , the handle is too close to my son , making it hard for him to use . I will be returning it !
 This toy is quite fun for my daughter but it 's basically a stationary toy that I have to place against a wall so that it does n't tip over . When the toy is pushed sideways on my wood floors , it easily slides really fast that my daughter sometimes falls flat when she 's holding on to it . The wheels are so flimsy that when the toy is moving forward or backward the wheels do n't turn , thus it just slides on the wood floor.I definitely do not recommend this toy for wood floors as it has become more of a hazard for my girl than fun .
 We bought this toy for my 4yr old when he was learning to walk , but it did n't last very long . My son had a hard time using it as a ride on , he kept bumping his legs on the side , the bar was right up against his chest as well which did not look very comfortable . I had a hard time getting the toy to lock in the upright locking position as well . It actually collapsed on my son once and resulted in a cut mouth . I ended up sticking it out in the garage after that and it still remains there . I never even bothered to bring it out for my other kids , I am looking into a new walker/ride on combo for my 12 month old twins . This one just did n't cut it for me .
 I might have gotten this for my son when he was getting a little too old for it . But he never really seemed interested in it . He is tall for his age and this toy is really short when put in the option to ride it . It has been durable , although he does not really use it .
 The quality of this toy , it is not that I want it . My boy just used for one afternoon and give it some one else who have a boy of four year old and this person give it some one else .
 We were very excited to receive the Playskool Walk n ' Ride as a gift for our -LRB- at the time -RRB- 11 month old dd . She was n't quite walking yet and could n't wait for her to be able to use the Walk n ' Ride to keep her on her feet.We did not find it that difficult to put together , however it did take some time -LRB- I might suggest putting together before actually giving it as a gift to child -RRB- - dd was uninterested by the time we finished putting it together.Our daughter was able to push toy without the problem that some other reviewers listed as `` not enough room for the feet '' . She did however have some difficulty turning the toy in a different direction . Because it was so heavy , she had to use all her might to turn sideways . And do to it 's bulkiness , we found that she could only play with it in large open areas . Since she was a winter baby , this meant moving the kitchen table to the side of the dining room , just so she could play.As she progressed we thought maybe we 'll give the `` ride '' part a try . I was equally disappointed with this feature . Due to the `` bulkiness '' of the toy she had a difficult time swinging her little legs over the toy to get on and off . Also when she sat on it correctly the handle was so close to her chest it really did n't look comfortable and did n't allow for her to get much leverage to push the toy forward.On a positive note , some of the sight-touch-sound features -LRB- such as the flexible antenna , spinning drum , clicking gear -RRB- did provide some pleasure for dd . Also , the toy seem to be sturdy enough that dd very seldom tipped it over.All-in-all I would save your money on this one .
 My 10 month-old grandson received this toy for Christmas . It came to grandma 's house as there was no room for it at home . Although Jake has limited toys to choose from at our house , he rarely plays with this as it is so poorly designed . When he tries to push it from behind , there is no room for his feet so he walks to the side and soon trips over the wheels . His favorite part is the little green door on the front . He likes to open and close the door and put things inside , but the door is hard to open and once he does get it open , it does not stay open -LRB- you have to hold it with your other hand -RRB- and so he gets frustrated and soon loses interest .
 My daughter received this as a birthday gift when she turned one . The walk-behind part of the toy is fine . When you change it over to a ride-on toy is where we had a problem . The toy is shaped so that the sides flare out in the back . It runs over my daughter 's feet . If the sides had been straight I think the toy would have been fine . The concept was great but I 'm not sure they tested it .
 After struggling with this thing to assemble it correctly , I tried to lock it in the upright walker position . I had to use excessive force , I still was unable to get it to lock . I took it apart , reassembled it trying to follow the poor black and white illstrations . Even worse now it will not close or lock . I put it together the way I had it , still ca n't make a walker out of it . -LRB- ... -RRB- I guess some work and others do n't . It seems unsturdy with low grade materials , -LRB- ... -RRB- Very unsatisfied with it and I am not looking forward to the headache of assembling it again !
 This toy as a ride on spreads a little kids legs too far apart , so they ca n't really push themselves along on it and its also unhealthy for soft , developing hip joints . It is also easy to slip off the sides . The wheels do n't turn very well either while the weight of the child is on it . As a walker , this toy does n't turn at all , and falls over easily , which was very frustrating for my kids who were learning to walk . There are better ride ons and walkers out there , so I would suggest getting something else if you are serious about an enjoyable walker or ride-on . If you have an older toddler who is already a steady enough walker , he may enjoy pushing it around and crashing it into things and playing with all the touchy features . Mine made it thru 3 kids and the only thing that wore out were the stickers . Its very durable in that respect . But my kids were very petite , so by the time they were able to comfortably push themselves around in the car position , they had lost interest in riding on it.I would actually suggest the Pottery Barn metal toy shopping cart -LRB- or similar product -RRB- as THE BEST WALKER you can buy a child . It is heavy and sturdy enough not to topple over , even when empty ! And it is a breeze to push and turns on a dime with its 4 castor wheels that can rotate 360 degrees ! I bought it for my child who had muscle coordination problems and hypotonia , because he needed something more like a real walker and none of the walker toys on the market were stable or maneuverable enough for his special needs . But I 've leant it to 2 other babies who used it to learn to walk since then , and now its back teaching my son 's baby sister to walk . :-RRB- Greatest walking toy PERIOD .
 This thing is ridiculous . As a walker , it moves SO FAST that there was no way my little would-be walker could even begin to catch up . I had to stand behind her -LRB- crouched over , hurting my back -RRB- holding the handle to slow it down for her . Even then , she slipped and bumped her chin on the -LRB- unpadded -- um , hello ?? -RRB- handlebar and ended up in tears . Sure , she liked zooming around the room ... but it 's no different than us helping her `` walk , '' when we have to stand behind her . We 're returning it .
 I must say I am very disappointed I spend my money on this . I bought it for my 10 month-old daughter , who is already `` cruising '' around the house and I thought this was going to help her make her first steps . In the walk behind mode my daughter almost planted her face on the floor for when she tried to push it the wheels did n't even move , they just slide -LRB- on tile floors -RRB- . It tips over , it 's too light to support her weight if she 's trying to stand holding onto it . Also , the space for the feet in the base it 's way too narrow for their feet . She did n't even wanted to it again.In ride-on mode it 's OK , still too slippery but more manageable . This is toy for SMALL BABIES !! The handle bar is way too low , my daughter is 28 inches tall and she has to bend a little when holding the toy . And when she 's riding it she barely fits!I gave it two stars because even though it 's awful for its ' supposedly purpose it does entertain my daughter as she likes to play mechanic with the wheels and every single screw hole . And she loooves the little compartment in the front . She hides her binky there .
 This was a decent toy but it is for babies in the early stages of walking . My daughter did n't much like it . The wheels move quickly and she ca n't keep up with it . . yet .
 I bought this walk n ride for my youngest when she was almost ready to walk -LRB- about 11 months -RRB- . She would n't fool with it too much but instead use the shopping cart I had when my oldest was young . She preferred the shopping cart even though it moved more quickly but she would always reach for the shopping cart first . I still have the walk n ride but its sitting in the backyard . I seem to remember her feet tripping on the wheels while using as a walker . I think there are better walkers out there .
 Bought this for my 13 month old as she has started cruising . Turn out the walker is so light , she could not hold on to it and walk without falling forward . She would play it for less than 5 minutes and not take a second look at it for the rest of the day.Overall , I would not recommend this for toddlers learning to walk .
 I got this toy for my daughter 's 1st birthday , hoping that it would help her learn to walk and then be a fun ride-on toy for awhile after that . At that point she was too young to ride it but she was n't really fond of walking it around either . She would kick the wheels and trip while trying to walk , and it seemed to roll too easily so it would just roll away from her faster than she could walk , leaving her flat on her face!Now that she 's old enough to ride it , it 's too small ! When she sits on it her leg movement is so restricted by the yellow handle in the front and the wheels that stick out in the back that she ca n't push with her feet very well and she just gets very angry.So she 's enjoyed putting toys in the little compartment in the front and spinning the toys attached in the back , but we did n't find it to work very well for either of its intended uses .
 It took about 30 min to put together . Not a pain , but not a snap . The toy is overall just OK
 This toy is somewhat cheaply made . It has n't broken , but it is light and flimsy . The wheels are just plastic on plastic and do n't turn well . The concept of a non walking baby walking behind this in the upright position is not a good one . They ca n't do that . and after they walk they wo n't either . My grandson just pushes it like a giant car , from the side . and crawls up to it and pushes it again . and that is about it . Not much to do for a baby .
 I bought this for my son and I had a couple of problems with it . First when he tried to walk with it , there was not enough room for him to walk . The wheel part of it is either too wide or not wide enough . Second when then toy is in the `` ride '' position , my son would pull it in the `` walk '' position , but because it was not made to secure in by me it would crash down and startle him . I would not recommend this toy at all . My son never played with it .
 My daughter received this toy for her 1st birthday . The trunk and other little extras are fun , but she ca n't make it move when she sits on it . Her feet hit the back end because it is so wide . It did n't help her as a walk behind , either , because the handle is low and forward of her feet -- she 'd end up leaning over her toes . She also has the Little Tykes Speed Racer and she LOVES it - at about the same price , it 's a much better choice .
 I bought this because of the brand name and the commercials for it I saw on t.v. . I was very excited to buy it to help my son while he was taking his first few steps
 We bought this for our daughter when she was 8 months old -LRB- she 's now 11 months -RRB- . It is one of those toys that sits by itself and collects dust . It does n't seem to be very sturdy and the base of it is a bit difficult to switch from a walker to a rider . They need to design some sort of control -LRB- like a brake -RRB- to slow down how fast it moves once your child is behind it using it as a walker . Our daughter busted her lip while using this product because of the lack of control with the wheels and the fact that it is n't very sturdy . I would n't recommend this product at all .
 We bought our 11 month old this walker and found enough flaws with it to return it to the manufacturer . Our daughter has practically fallen over it because of its unbalanced design . There is n't enough room between the wheels for her `` waddling '' feet . It does n't lock in the walking position very well . In the riding position , she has opened the front compartment , leaned over , and pinched her fingers as it closed . The antenna pulls off very easily , which can be dangerous in the mouths of babes .
 In the photos , this toy looks sort of cute , but in our home , it looked incredibly incredibly ugly . Also the wheels are just injection molded plastic which you press onto molded plastic axles ; that is to say , they can slide easily if you have wood floors , and also , there is nothing to regulate the speed at which the wheels roll -- not ideal for beginning walkers . We had to catch our son from face planting a few times before we decided to return this toy .
 We thought this would be a good idea for our 13 month old granddaughter who was just learning to walk last Christmas . But because she spread her legs to balance she kept banging her legs on the side every time she tried to push it . The way it is designed makes it hard for the child to get up close , it tripped her up and in the end it was hardly ever used . It turned out to be a big disappointment and a waste of money .
 My daughter received this walker/ride `` toy '' when she was 10 months . She did n't show much interest in it at all but I figured when she rounded her first birthday she 'd show more interest . - Well she did n't . There 's hardly any room for baby 's knees ... it 's hazardous that baby tries to reach ` round to play with stuff in the front ... most kids do n't have balance mastered yet . It 's also UGLY . DO N'T BUY THIS !
 We have had this toy for a while , we got it when my son was about 9 months old , now he 's 16 months . I think he has played with it for a total of 15 minutes in all that time . He plays with it for 30 seconds or so and then gets bored . Even when he was first learning to walk , he did n't find it helpful . It really just takes up more space than it 's worth .
 This toy seems to be a good idea , but does n't perform . In walker mode it tips too easily for learners and in ride-on mode the child 's foot gets stuck on the little antenna on the back . Takes up space and never got played with . I have twins and babysit triplets and still it did n't get much use .
 I do n't use the car portion because it 's too small for my children -LRB- my 14 month old is 33 inches tall -RRB- . The walker seems better on carpet , but slides too much on hardwood floors . There is n't enough space between the base of the toy and the baby 's foot so the walker part is n't really functional either . I 'm going to have to give this toy up .
 I really did n't like this toy . It is nonfunctioning as both a walking toy and a riding one . As a walker , there is n't enough room for a child 's feet when they are walking with it in front of them . As a rider and walker , it does n't roll very well . I just did n't like this at all . It also does n't have as many activities on it as many other walking and riding toys . I would not recommend anyone buy this .
 Our son showed no interest in this toy as he was learning to walk . He much preferred cruising with furniture . Now that he is fully walking , he occasionally pushes the cart around , but still does n't enjoy sitting on it as a car . I do n't think its a particularly bad toy , its sturdy , colorful , and does what it is suppose to do . It was just something my son was n't excited about .
 I liked this toy a lot at first . The idea of being able to push and ride was great . But twice my son fell while using it and cut himself . The not-so-sharp plastic edges of the toy cut him above the eye and on the lip , both times leaving cuts that I debated getting stitched . The toy is now in my garbage can . Live and learn .
 We bought this toy for my daughter as Christmas gift when she was 8 months old . I have always been a Fisher Price fan and was extremely disappointed with the design of this toy . My daughter showed no interest in it when we gave it to her . As she grew she rarely played with it to ride or walk behind it . When The toy was not designed with enough room for her to hold onto the handle and walk behind it without her hitting her toes on the toy in front of her . She tried to walk beside it but she was too unstable and she would fall frequently . Though she is a tall child , this toy was too small for her and probably most children her age . Look elsewhere for a walk-behind toy ! This is not the one you want .
 With the Walk 'n Ride , Playskool attempts to provide two toys , but ends up with substandard results for both . My son got this for Christmas when he was a year old . It seemed like it would be a great toy , but we quickly discovered that it has many shortcomings.First , as he tried to walk behind it , his feet hit the wheels and base - there just was n't enough clearance -LRB- and he 's by no means tall or long-legged -RRB- . In the riding position , the plastic antenna makes it very difficult for him to swing his leg over the toy to get both on and off , plus the fact that back is wide also hinders his attempts . Another problem is that because the back is wide and the wheels stick out , when he did finally get on -LRB- with help -RRB- and tried to ride it , his feet would bump into the sides and back wheels as he tried to push . Needless to say , he never rides this anymore and if he does use it as a push toy , he is constantly kicking and tripping over it.If you 're looking for a good riding toy , the Fisher Price Ready Steady Ride On is a much superior choice . The narrow rear wheel base not only makes it easier to mount and dismount , but your child 's feet wo n't hit the wheels or other parts of the toy as s/he pushes .
 My 10 month old sons Grandparents purchased this for him to help with his learning to walk . However , it was really just a waste on money . When converted to walker , it is not steady enough to help him . It is to lightweighted and he can more less just pick it up while trying to walk . It wants to tip over . The only thing he likes about it is hiding his toys in the trunk compartment . I was very disappointed .
 I would not recommend this walker . Although it is quite durable , I gave it a low rating in all categories since I would not recommend it to anyone . The biggest problem is that the base where a baby walks behind it is too narrow . It tips over so easily . My son is quite sturdy on his feet now and constantly trips on it . He has decided that it is easier to walk beside it and pull it along . Several of my friends also have it and have the same opinion . One friend is an early child development specialist and also dislikes it . We purchased an another one -LRB- after seeing our son fly across the room with other walkers that belonged to friends ' babies -RRB- by Fisher Price . He loves his new one -LRB- wider base and all four wheels in line with each other -RRB- . The multi-use functionality of the Playshool one is attractive , but not worth the money -LRB- or bumps and bruises ! -RRB- .
 This makes a decent walk-behind toy , but it 's pretty bad as a ride-on toy . The rear wheels are set further apart than the front wheels . This design makes it easy for the child to walk behind and not trip over the wheels , but it makes it difficult for the child to keep their feet clear of the rear wheels in ride-on mode . If you 're looking for something that 's truly dual-purpose , look elsewhere . Also , not the most important thing to consider , but it 's really ugly . Unless you live at the circus , this thing will stick out like ... well , like an ugly piece of plastic . If everything else was top-notch , I could overlook the vomit-inspired color scheme , but there are many better-looking options out there that probably work as well or better than this .
 The fun parts of the toy are the clicky toys on it and the trunk.It 's not good for a new walker because it pushes too easily and runs away from the slowly walking kid , who then falls.It 's not good for riding because the back wheels stick out too far . The kid 's feet hit/get run over by the back wheels . My kid can only get it to go backwards . Older kids can ride it , but it 's pretty low to the ground for them.We 've had it 3 years and it 's durable . Nothing 's broken off and the locking mechanism between walker/rider function is still reliable . My 1st kid never cared , but now that the 2nd really wants to ride it I 'm going to buy a different one .
 We bought this for our daughter when she was around 11 months and standing but not walking . She used it mainly in her room on carpet . The toy is really light so in the `` push mode '' she managed to build up a lot of speed in a small space . A couple of times she tipped it over . She really seemed to prefer to push around a jumbo sized pampers box . Now she is walking she hardly looks at this toy . She is tall so when she does sit on it in `` car mode '' she is too big to push forward - she can only push backwards which seems to get old really fast . Considering all this and the amount of space this toy takes up , if I had to do it over I would probably pass .
 I bought this for my daughter at 9 mos . She was already pulling up and cruising on furniture . I thought this would be helpful for her to get around the other areas of the house with my help . Unfortunately , it 's very unsturdy and the wheels go quickly . There is n't any resistance for beginning walkers , so they will lean on the walker and it will shoot forward . I thought using it on the carpet -LRB- rather than our wood floors -RRB- might help , but no difference.By reading the description , it sounds like a great transition toy . I think you should save the money and just use an overturned box or laundry basket . Same effect.The only upside is that she enjoys the car mode when I push her . Perhaps she will grow into this toy once she walks independently . However , I think that defeats the purpose and description of this toy . It 'll sit and gather dust until she wants to ride on it .
 Bought this for my son when he was starting to learn to walk . When it is in the up position for use as a walker it was n't as stable as we hoped for and it kept falling over . The other thing we did not like was the wheels on this were stiff and did not roll easily when he would sit on it and push with his feet . When we have our second child we will buy the other one that we looked at when we decided on this.MRC 06-21-02
 I admit , our version of this toy is a couple of years old , but as far as I can tell , it has n't changed . The wheels do n't turn well , and in walker mode , it tips over VERY easily . My daughter got hurt a couple of times , and I threw it out . The kids do like the spinner on the back , though .
 I was surprised at so many positive reviews for this product . It is cute but the design was terrible . the back wheels come out too far so our daughter was constantly tripping over them . also , as a scooter the front bars roll forward so there is little room for the child to sit , plus not back so children easy slip off the back . also hard to get on the scooter with the little purple thing sticking out of the back . we have a tall child so maybe that is why .
 My 9 month old son loves to spin the barrel . That 's it . It is not durable enough to actually use as a ride on or a walker . It is a very dinky toy . Not worth the 20 bucks !
 We got this as a gift , and I originally thought the concept was cute , however it is too difficult for my kids to use . I have a 1 year old as well as a 2 year old and they both get frustrated with this toy . When it is in the bicycle position , it is too low to the ground and almost impossible for them to move . The wheels do n't turn , they just slide . They only like it when I push them because it is too hard for them to do themselves -LRB- but this gets too tiring for me -RRB- .
 This is by far the worst toy we have ever bought our son . He got it at 8 months old and it was a lousy walker and ride on . Our son would slide off the side every time he would try to ride it . -LRB- we have tile floor ... which really hurts when you fall down on -RRB- When you put it in the walker mode -LRB- which is also very difficult to do -RRB- ... the wheels have no resistance so they take off leaving your infant to fall on the floor behind it . This is a very bad design . I think it could be improved by making the seat more square and not so round , placing some kind of non slip material in the seat and by adding some resistance to the wheels . We returned this item to the store and I strongly discourage anyone who has tile or wood flooring to stay away from this item . I ca n't believe such an item would be allowed to be sold !
 We bought it for our son , and I must say , kid does not like it at all . You have to make sure baby does not twist his/her ankle .
 Our now 10 month old got this toy for Christmas , and it looked fun at first . However , once he was at point when he was mobile and pulling up on things to `` cruise '' , he kept trying to walk with this and it kept flipping back . It is just very lightweight and does n't really support leaning on the handle . Also , the wheels do n't turn very well , more like slide . So , it definitely would be better on carpet than hardwood , but still not good . After falling once and bumping his head , and then falling a second time and having the toy hit him in the mouth , we gave up . As a ride on , it is safer , but it is pretty small . Our 10 month old is pushing the limits -LRB- he 's on the average to small side -RRB- . A disappointment .
 I do not recommend this walker for children who are taking their first steps , as the wheels are nothing stable , and we want to trust something that our children do not scare him . about the apparently very nice and bright colors but not what I expected , is very small ...
 i bought this because i liked the two in one . its great for the riding part . but as a walker . . not so much . it 's wayyyyy too slippery . i have wood floor and carpet . my 10month old cant use it as a walker . now i have to find another one
 We received this as a gift when our daughter was 11 months old . She was already at that time quite proficient at `` cruising '' , that is , walking assisted by furniture , etc. . She was basically walking on her own two weeks after we got this . I was hoping it would be a big help to her , and fun , until she got to the point where she could walk steadily on her own -LRB- you know , around 18 months or so -RRB- . The thing is , this toy , as a `` walker '' is very poorly designed
 I am not impressed my this toy ... Here are the negatives
 We have had this toy for almost a year now and have n't gotten the use out of it I 'd hope . First , the walker part does n't roll that easily . So by the time my son was old enough to push it , he was n't interested in pushing it . The car is very small . My son is an average size toddler , but is already to big to sit on the seat . I do n't recommend getting this . There are much better walking toys out there .
 We got this based on the recommendation of a daycare teacher . I can not even believe that such an unsafe toy is being even allowed to sold . My 9 month old has ,1 . Pushed this thing without support to land squarely on her chin .2 . Pulled the thing and eventually fell backwards with this thing landing on her.Both while I was sitting next to her within an arms reach . The only reason she did not get hurt seriously was my intervention in softening the falls in both occasions.Avoid this product and save yourself the trouble of a visit to the urgent care .
 My baby received this toy as a gift , even though it 's a good looking toy , I am concern about my baby 's safety , He does n't walk yet , so I used it in the sitting mode , today my baby was riding it and he tried to reach the front toys , in a flash the car roll over itself getting upside down , my baby 's forehead went straight to the floor , thanks God our floor is carpeted and he was far away from furniture . If it was n't for the carpet my son would have a big bump on his head . I was happy with this toy before this happened but I am not let my baby to play with it anymore .
 While I have no real problems with the toy itself other then the fact its made in China -LRB- which is why I would NEVER have bought it on my own -RRB- we received this as a gift that my in-laws purchased at a charity event -LRB- it was not purchased here at Amazon -RRB- . When we went to assemble the toy a couple of pieces were missing , the front handle & the decals for the `` spinner '' . I went online & found parts were readilly available through Hasbro -LRB- they make Playskool toys -RRB- . I ordered the parts & they came in a few weeks then the `` fun '' began - the dolts shipped me the wrong decal sheet which I figured could be easily remedied with a single call yet here we are several months later & half dozen phone calls to their customer NO service dept. Every time I call I get a new excuse -LRB- lie ? -RRB- as to why the replacement hasnt even been shipped yet , you would think this would be a simple fix NOT ! I think my wife has the reason we havent gotten the decals pinned down - they probably have to come from China ! Anyway I know it seems petty but when it comes time to give the toy to a needy child or charity -LRB- which we do with all of the baby items we no longer use -RRB- it would be really nice to give it to them 100 % complete .
 After opening , my baby played with it only once or twice , I had to return it after a few weeks .
 I DID NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT I FOUND IT CHEAPER AT TARGET and was going to go to the store to buy it.I am NOT happy , and I do not know how this happened . Now all my gift cards are used up by something I did not buy.I also need it in a boy friendly color and that 's why I did not buy it from Amazon.I am SO MAD
 I got this for my son for christmas . He was n't yet walking so I thought it would be a good toy for him . I was wrong . Time after time -LRB- till the next day when I took it away from him -RRB- he was getting hurt on it . Sitting on it as a `` car '' , he flipped in it and hit his head hard on the floor . Standing and pushing it ... flipped it and fell ! I mean , how will kids learn to walk with this thing if all it does is hurt them ? ------- Mind Scarring Storiesavailable now .
 This was scary for me watching my just learning to walk baby tip back & fourth while trying to push this on tile . She had also had a Fisher Price Hippo that was sturdy & wonderfull as pre-walker in comparison and less harrowing to watch her play with . not ideal if you want it for a pre-walker I also read that kids even just riding this thing when reaching over front into trunk can tip it over . Really unsturdy toy ; my daughter did like the trunk too , I 'm just greatful she never tried to reach for it while in the drivers seat ; I do n't even want to imagine a head first on tile floors .
 I was excited to get this toy for my 11 month old son but when I did I was disappointed . You have to assemble the toy yourself and it 's not easy . The wheels do not spin and the multiple parts fall off . I was uncomfortable having my son use it to stand up or push it while walking .
 I 'm a nanny and I bought this thinking it would wonders . NOT ! Kids stumble on back legs while trying to walk and riding it is near impossible . It does n't take the burden off of the parent/adult of helping a new walker wobble around . You spend the whole time helping them or picking them up after the poor things fall off . My nephew would cry so much from frustration that I just threw the darn thing away . What 's worse is he recieved it twice as a gift ! Got rid of them both ! No thanks I 'd rather strain my back and help them learn to walk the old fashioned way . I know it 's not meant to teach them completely and perhaps it only works for tiny babies . I 'd spend my pennies elsewhere .
 First the good . This walker is very brightly colored and my son loves to play with all of the gadgets and hide blocks under the hood . It will do very well when he 's old enough to use it as a riding toy . As a walker , it fails miserably . It 's far too light and the wheels give no resistance so the second my son tries to use it to stand up , it falls over backwards on top of him . If I help him stand up and grab the handle , it flies out from under him the second he takes a step . It 's not a complete waste of money . It 's inexpensive and he plays with all of the toys on it , but as a walking aid , it 's useless .
 The design of this walker is awful . For a toy built to assist a baby starting to walk should be designed so the baby does n't trip over the very thing that is supposed to assist them ! The bottom wheels come out so far that as the baby holds on to the handle , the legs constantly gets tangled with the wheels . I do n't know why the wheels have to come out so far . As for the car version , it works fine . But used as a walker , it is terrible .
 Do n't buy this toy unless you want to waste your money !! My husband-to-be assembled this toy and my son was so excited . The moment my son sat on it we knew we 'd been scammed out of the money we paid for it . The main problem is the back end is too wide . The wide back end interferes with the backward movement of his legs and therefore there was no way he can propel the scooter forward . The narrow front seat with wide back end is a major design flaw and I find it hard to believe that this toy made it out of the design and testing stages at Hasbro Playskool.Additional problems
 This toy has been through both of my kids now and I 've had the same experience with both
 Returned it immediately . Such a junker ! Fell apart as soon as my daughter tried to use it .
 My 9 month old got her thumb stuck under the short handle when this toy was in the upright position ! She was screaming & her little thumb was stuck for 5 minutes until her dad and I could figure out how to get it out ! I put this toy together myself and it was put together correctly . Her thumb could be broken ; her doctor said there is not much you can do for a broken baby thumb if it is indeed broken . Hopefully she will not lose her thumbnail , but it is crushed and very discolored . Save your child the possibility of what my baby endured this afternoon . Do not buy this toy !
 I would n't waste the money on this product - luckily I did n't ! It was a Christmas gift from grandma . I feel bad that she spent the money on it . I have twin girls age 13 mo. when they received this ride on . I wanted to take it back after it was put together because it just looked cheap and poorly made , but my husband said I would hurt his mom 's feelings . So we kept it . It 's been almost 3 mo. now and the girls are not intreasted in it at all ! As a push toy , it tips over too easily and barely moves . As a ride on , it 's so low to the ground that they ca n't move it without getting their feet wrapped up -LRB- and my girls are average size -RRB- . So it just sits in the corner and every few weeks they come up to it and spin the green face on it once or twice and walk away . I have tried to get them intreasted in it but I do n't blame them , it 's not very much fun . -LRB- I hate the fact that it just sits there , maybe I will put it in the attic and bring it out when grandma comes to visit ? -RRB- They did get another ride on from my parents for Christmas too - the john deer gator . Now that one they really love and play with all the time . I would seriously consider spending the extra money and getting something that is useful before buying this one .
 My 10 month old needed another walker to help him get around and he has only found disappointment in this non-sturdy , dangerous toy . The antenna points straight to the childs eye when it is in walker mode and it tips over so easily , we put the toy away until it could be hopefully used as a scooter in 6 months . Not worth -LSB- the money -RSB- .
 I may not argue the ride part is OK , but as a pushing cart this thing is just a disaster.First the wheels should lock ... they DO NOT ! This thing took away so fast my baby had no time to keep up with it -- I am glad she still has all her teeth ! Then the wheels do not work on hardwood floors , they slide to the side . And last the gadgets are distracting ... this should promote walking , it should not distract with antennas , and other purposeless things . I have retired this thing and got a wood push wagon I found online ... a really simple design that will help her with her walking , that has wheel lock , and rubber under the wheels for stability . Save your money and your baby teeth ! Do not buy this thing !
 This toy is ok for one to ride on , but did n't really work too well for walking with . The problem is it fell over when my son put too much weight while trying to walk , he tried to pull up using it a few times and it fell on him . As a result it was never really used for walking which was what I bought it for .
 My 9 month old is starting to walk and I thought that this would be a perfect toy for her . I was wrong . She likes to play with the activity toys on the outside , but when she pulls herself up , the handle falls down . It is not sturdy at all . When she tries sitting on it , she wants to play with the activity toys and she falls off . I 'm going to try another toy and the Step Start/Walk N ' Ride is going in the trash .
 I purchased the Step Start Walk 'n Ride because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it is convertible , -LRB- 2 -RRB- its activities are accessible while walking and riding , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- appeared to have extra leg room in walk mode . I was going to get it for my 10-month-old daugher 's birthday , but it was apparent she 'd already be walking by then , so I bought it early . She waited impatiently while trying to `` help '' me put it together , and before it was completed , she was clicking the gear shift . -LRB- I was rather anxious to see her give it a whirl myself . -RRB- The assembly was fairly easy , although it took a little elbow grease to snap some of the plastic pieces into place . But it was soon time to take it for a spin . Once assembled , it 's in `` ride '' mode , so we sat her on it just to see how she looked . It was very low , and looked uncomfortable with her knees up so high . I said to my husband , `` By the time she learns to ride it , she 'll be too tall for it . '' Moving along , we converted it to `` walk '' mode . Our next disappointment was the handle was n't as wide as other walking toys she 'd played with . Additionally , the little curve in the back that appeared to be `` leg room '' was too narrow . Each step she took hit a rear wheel , leaving her crying on the floor.I immediately decided to exchange the Walk 'n Ride for the more expensive Fisher-Price Stride-to-Ride , which I 've seen her enjoy . However , although easily assembled , the toy was impossible to disassemble . The parts that snapped in place were not meant to be un-snapped . Thankfully , when I called the store they said I could return it as is , along with the box and receipt . It 's going back tomorrow !
 I bought this for my daughter because she was just beginning to cruise and needed to develop some confidence . As a walker this toy works pretty well . My daughter pushed it all over the house , and it seemed to help her gain the confidence to become a walker . Once she was walking fully , she pushed it all over for the fun of pushing.As a rider , this toy has real drawbacks . Like another reviewer said , the wheels are too close together , so her legs hit the back wheels when moving forward . Also , they do n't spin very well . This is great when walking because it slows the unit down , but my daughter found it very frustrating to ride because she could n't go anywhere without a lot of effort.The gadgets are a mixed blessing . The spinners and clickers are great , but the antenna on the back gets in the way -LRB- especially when you convert it to a riding toy -RRB- , and my daughter was actually reduced to tears on a couple of occasions because her leg kept getting stuck when she tried to get off.If you 're going to get it , do n't pay full price . I donated mine to daycare .
 I HAVE A 9 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER WHO IS STARTING TO WALK ON HER OWN , SO I BOUGHT HER THIS TOY THINKING IT WOULD HELP HER WITH HER WALKING . AFTER PLAYING WITH THIS TOY FOR NOT EVEN FIVE MINUTES SHE FELL BACKWARDS AND HIT HER CHIN ON THE HANDLE . AFTER CALMING HER DOWN SHE WANTED TO PLAY WITH IT AGAIN , SO I LET HER AND IT HAPPENED AGAIN . NOW I ONLY LET HER USE IT AS A RIDE ON TOY . IN MY OPINION I DO NOT THINK THE TOY IS WORTH BUYING .
 The attachments are of great interest to my son , but this toy is n't a big help as far as mobility goes . When he was first starting to walk , he would hold on to the handle , and if he fell at all and did n't let go of the handle , the toy easily tipped on top of him . Now that he is older -LRB- 18 months -RRB- , he is bored with the stroller aspect of it . We never did find a time that it seemed appropriate for him . As a sit-on toy , it is REALLY hard for a toddler to move with their legs . The wheels do not roll too easily at all .
 We got this for our son when he was 9 months old . At that point in time he could n't walk yet - but he was very interested in using it as a ride-on rather than pushing it . At 9 months he was the right size to use it as a ride on , but his skill level was not there yet . He 's now 18 months and is too big to use it as a ride-on toy . In fact he only got to use it as a ride-on from 121/2 months to 15 or 16 months . That 's a very short window of opportunity . At 18 months it 's too low to the ground and the room between the front and back wheels is much too short for him to get a decent range of motion as he propels himself . This is unfortunate because at 18 months he is VERY into ride-on 's -LRB- he calls them go-toys -RRB- and this one is no longer usable . So , it was fine for a walk-behind while learning to walk - but it did n't ` grow ' with my son as advertised ...
 Was hoping for a product that would give my kid a sense of security while taking his first steps . When assembled , the parts were still shaky . It rolls before my kid could haul himself up with the handles , making him shy away from trying it any further . As a push-toy , the seat is quite small , and the back handles make it uncofortable . Ended up returning it since he only played with the rattlers in front .
 I bought this for my 10-month old then . She liked to ride on it , but that 's about it . She 's one now and she 's learning to walk . I can see her push this as she walks if she already masters that skill . However , if she 's to push this thing now as she learns to walk , the thing is too light and will just go so easily and she will fall down and that really worries me . So , I always have it on a ride position because she is trying to pull up and push it and fall down . So , definitely not for beginner walker .
 It is not stable enough for an 8 month old to begin getting up and that is what I thought it was for . They should have added a lock feature . Honestly we have n't had the chance to use it but a few times and the only thing he can do is spin the toy . He may play with when he can already stand alone .
 My daughter pays no attention to this toy what so ever . She ca n't walk with it becuase it either falls apart or it trips her . I 'm just not all that impressed .
 I personally dont like this toy at all , it is very hard for my son to use , and he is always kicking the blue part that they walk in between . It tips * very * easy and is not good for a baby just starting out .
 The product does not work as a walker . My 10 month old kept kicking the base . She could not use it . When we converted it to a ride on toy she could not reach the floor and by the time she could reach the floor it was too small to ride . I think there are many better options out there . It may be worth it to but a seperate walker and ride on toy . I wish I had done that .
 Very disappointed in this product . Although the package was sealed the ink cartridges were no good . the ink was dried up they must 've been Past the expiration date or maybe they were stored incorrectly
 Fly pen is ridiculous do n't waste your money on this toy that 'll be played for a few minutes then never touched again .
 This did n't grow for me at all and I followed the instructions exactly . Better off just buying the already grown plant .
 This item arrived a little later than expected . Though we painstakingly followed the directions on the packaging the Venus Flytrap has never grown . The seed has never popped open and the tiny little pot just sits there empty .
 I followed the directions and nothing happened - was very sad . Even tried in a much nice much bigger pot - nothing .
 My kids are all drawn to this toy and love the idea of `` walking '' the dog . But it does n't stay up when you pull it , so it drags on the side and is all scratched up . Did playskool ever even try this out ??? They get frustrated . It 's in the trash pile , would n't want to even donate .
 This dog is nothing like the original . I had a digger the dog over 20 years ago and that is why I wanted this for my son . The one I had was big enough to pull over , through and around anything ! This one is so little and light it , plus the pull string is on the top/middle , so when it is pulled by a one year old it just topples over , even if he pulls it on a hard smooth surface . The only enjoyment he gets out of it is by pulling the string to get it to make the noises .
 My sister in law bought this table for her 2 yr old son for Xmas ... it is way overpriced for what it is ... i wanted to buy one for our sons but could not see spending that much money on such a cheap table . So my husband ended up buying plans to build your own train table and built our sons their own with built in drawers and -LRB- ... -RRB- and it is way nicer and sturdier than the Thomas one . Yes they can all stand on it ... ! We painted it in Thomas colors and decorated it and it is the nicest looking table i have ever seen and all the kids love it !!!! you can build one in about 8 hrs or so ... worth it !!! this will be handed down to the next generations ...
 I thought this was an outfit for the icat , it is not . It is a cheap robot cat with a remote that connects the cat to the remote . What a rip off . Amazon should require a picture or take this off their site . Now I 'm stuck with something I 'll just give to goodwill or I have to pay the shipping back . Shoot !!!
 Well I bought this without seeing the photo and well it was not what I had expected :-LRB- This is not for your iPod , no music item can connect to it . So if that is what you are looking for dont get this !
 I purchased this for my granddaughter as a gift . I 'm not familiar with this line of toys and I was very disappointed when I saw this toy . The description gives the dimensions as 2.1 x 5.0 x 5.0 inches . This little train engine is actually about 2.5 inches long , 2.0 inches tall and 1.25 inches wide . I would not have paid $ 11 for this if I had known .
 Poor lady , in our house , sits relegated to the corner of the play room . For some reason , this is not one of my son 's favorite engines ... he has so many to pick from , and she never gets chosen to haul the other coaches ...
 My son has been asking for a Diesel 10 ever since he discovered `` Day of the Diesels . '' Unfortunately , this toy has been an utter disappointment . He is constantly telling me he wants to give this Diesel 10 away and get a better Diesel 10 , which unfortunately -LRB- to my knowledge -RRB- does not exist for the wooden Thomas set . He repeatedly asks for a Diesel 10 with a working claw , which Learning Curve should be capable of making , especially since the claw is a key feature of Diesel 10 and clearly something attractive to kids .
 I was a little disappointed in my purchase . The face on Diesel 10 has changed and is NOT the one pictured . The Diesel 10 we received has a smiling , happy face with his teeth showing and happy looking eyes with no furrowed eyebrows . Unfortunately , I was trying to replace my son 's lost Diesel 10 that looked like the one pictured , and I did not fool him . So basically , I wasted my money , and am still searching for the pictured Diesel 10 .
 My daughter will be very disappointed when she gets this Diesel for her birthday next week . :-LRB- The one pictured is NOT the one we got ... it now has a happy face ! Does n't look like the Diesel from the movie at all ! Very unhappy with this purchase .
 This playboard is fine . It looks nice , is sturdy and , according to other reviewers , seems to do well over time . Prospective buyers should be aware , however , that the `` Product Dimensions '' as given on this page are actually the dimensions of the box the playboard is delivered in . The real product dimensions are 48 '' x 32 '' . Unfortunately , I built a table for the dimensions as given thinking the `` product '' dimensions were actually the measurements of the `` product , '' i.e. , the playboard itself . Nope . Now my sons have a some extra room around the border , which is n't all bad , but I thought you should know .
 I was really excited to get this Titanium Soundwave - after all , the character 's cool , and getting one of the old ones can be really expensive . But wow , was I ever let down!To begin with , the figure 's design is bad . He 's oddly proportioned in both robot and radio modes , so he does n't look good either way . The robot 's legs are wildly oversized , and his hips/waist area is just loaded with kibble -LRB- that 's the Transfan word for leftover bits from one mode that appear in the other -RRB- . His hands have strange flaps over them , and his weapons look chunky in his grasp . And because his upper body is so heavy , the legs tend to collapse when you try to stand him up.As a tape player , Soundwave is stretched out
 In spite of moistening and flattening this kite and putting more fastening holes as per the directions , this kite just does n't want to fly.Very clever to have kites that look like birds , but it takes more than some advertising copy to make this one fly.Disappointing to spend this much on a gift and then have it be the only kite on the field that wo n't fly.If you want to hang it from the ceiling to look at , you will probably like it . If you want a kite to fly , save your money .
 My son loves his ClickStart , which we started with The Thomas the Tank Engine and Dora programs . We added Diego and Nemo after we saw that he liked it . Of all the titles I would say this one is the most lame.To start , the characters do n't look all that much like they do in the movie and of course the voices are not the same - this was a little distracting . But the big issue is that the games themselves are not very good . The objectives are unclear and the feedback lacking . In contrast the Dora and especially Deigo games are engaging , challenging and well-paced . The more your little one likes Nemo the less they 'll like this game .
 For the price of it , this does n't give a child enough to do ... My 3 year old granddaughter got bored with it pretty quickly ... they should put more on it for the price of it !
 I can not believe that this mobile is listed at over $ 2000 !! My 5 year old daughter could probably do a better job shaping and creating the characters and would still end up only costing me $ 25 . What a rip off !
 I see previous reviews were removed for this product . I am amazed the price is still listed for more than $ 2000 !! Maybe I missed the part that the toys are stuffed with diamonds .
 when my friend got this doll for mea coule of years ago i thought it was beautiful but when i took her out of the box her hair was hideus and crunchy and nothing like the pitures you show but her outfits are awsome but other wise i would not get this doll
 My daughter liked this doll until she tried to dress it , she could n't even get the clothes on it cause they fit so tight . Second of all , they look hideous , especially without their shoes on . I went and got her My Scene Barbie , they are even prettier and easy to dress , the shoes go on and off better , and look better too . She really likes the My Scene Barbie and Friends . Get My Scene instead of the Bratz dolls .
 I GOT MY FRIEND THIS DOLL FOR CHRISTMAS AND IT STINKS AFTER MY FRIEND TOOK THE BRATZ OUT OF THE BOX AND I CHECKED OUT HER HAIR IT WAS AWFUL IT WAS ALL CRUMBLED UP ... ! IT MADE ME WAN NA JUMP OUTTA MY SKIN I HATE THIS DOLL.AND HER SHOES AND SKIRT ARE HIDEOUS -LRB- TOO BAD THEY DID N'T HAVE BIGGER LETTERS TO WRITE IN SO I CAN EXPRESS HOW I REAAALLY FEEL -RRB-
 WHAT WAS MGA THINKING ? THERE 'S JUST A BIT TOO MUCH MAKEUP ON SASHA .
 I thought this would be a cool doll to buy for my lil ' cute cousin , but this was a BIGGG mistake !!!!! She liked it but its head kept falling off as soon as she took it out of the box ! She then started having a real attitde like the dolls on the bratz commercials , then wanted to dress all -LSB- ... -RSB- and sexy like her doll . We took the dumb doll away and she stopped ! I HATE BRATZ THEY ARE SOOO NOT DURABLE AND THEY LOOK LIKE 11 YEAR OLDS BUT THEIR SUPPOSED TO BE 16 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't have this exact car , but had a terrible experience with another RC car from the same company so wanted to share.My son got this as a gift for Christmas and within 24 hours of playing with the car , the transmission was stripped and the car would barely move . I have sent emails to the manufacturer a week ago and it took them over a week to respond . After several exchanges , theysaid they could not refund my money . They also said that since they were in Germany , they could not send a new car but they would send a new transmission that I could change myself . This was 6 weeks ago and still nothing . Very shady . Avoid at all costs . Overall a very disappointing experience . I would avoid this car and manufacturer .
 In the past few months my little 6-year-old sister has enjoyed playing with bratz dolls . I just wanted to tell you that I can not believe how the bratz dress.We need better role models for kids than what they put out there . My little sister WANTS to dress like that . Did you ever think about the concept of those dolls ? Is all that matters in a girls life is how she looks and how skimpy she can dress ? I mean would you want your daughters or granddaughters dressing like that ? ... -LSB- ... -RSB- !
 ok i hate this toy ! when igot her out of the box annd started 2 play her head fell off !! i gave education 1 star cause it teaches girls 2 party and thats not good cause lots of girls look up 2 bratz
 I bought this for my son 's third birthday . He is totally into knights , dragons , and castles . But this castle was disappointing , particularly concerning all the great reviews . First , it came in a large box , marked `` Made in China '' . This castle is very expensive for a cheap China made toy , in my opinion . I did not open it , and instead wrapped it for my son 's birthday . When he opened it , the top of one of the towers had broken off . One tower comes separate from the castle , but this one was definitely broken off - I can see the glue of where it was glued together . Second , the drawbridge does n't really work . I have to crank it hard to get it to stay in the up position , otherwise it just unrolls . My son ca n't get it to stay in the up position . There 's not a way to fix this without breaking it apart at the seems.It really looks like somthing I could have fashioned out of a kit from a hobby store . Except I would have made more interactive parts to it . They could have added hinges to a couple places and made more hiding places.A week after getting this , we went to the store to buy a toy with money from his grandparents . He picked out Fisher-Price Imaginext Dragon World Fortress Castle . It 's cheaper . Its also smaller . Buy he plays with it far more then this one.I also think the figurines that you can buy with it are cheaply made . I 've hidden them away because I 'm afraid my toddler would choke from a part falling off . ---------------------------- Jan 2011We 've had this less than a year . The drawbridge will no longer stay up . Another piece broke off . It 's being donated to charity . Way too expensive for a toy that did n't even last a year with minimal play .
 My daughter likes the Bratz dolls , but we agree that these giant decapitated Bratz heads are just plain creepy . The proportions of the Bratz ' features , which look cutely amusing on the regular-size dolls , look scarey when blown up to human-size . Besides , the heads come fully made-up , so all you can really do with them is style their hair or put them in the oven to scare grandma .
 I am usually a crazy Bratz fan but when it comes to this , NO WAY ! C'mon if u look at the picture u can see how big it 's lips are and that !!! It is not very pleasent to look at ... soo ... if you want a style head , i think u should buy the Barbie primp and polish one ... It is better in quality and in looks !!
 I ca n't stand to look at the toy , as well as writing this review is even harder because it makes me think of the money i spent on it , and the innapropriante look ... it is TERRIBLE ! I do not like Bratz anymore ... Instead , now i have my eye on the `` Wee 3 friends '' barbie dolls , which have no or very little make-up which is a great gift to give to a younger child ... THESE ARE N'T ! I DO NOT RECOMEND THESE TOYS FOR ANY AGE !!! Later * peace ~ Canadian_Chix_rule !
 It looks dumb , I mean you just style the hair and stuff ! And why waste your money on something your kid will give away eventually !
 Why is it that all the Yasmin and Sashas are out of stock or no longer available , but the other Bratz heads are all in stock ? Is it because not enough ethnic heads are being made , or they are all sold out and you need to make MORE ! My daughter loves the Sasha and Yasmin , but all we can ever locate are Dana , Megan and the others . In this world of diverse friendship groups , kids want toys that represent everyone in their circle . Get with the times !
 First , I 'd like to say we love the color wonder markers and the fingerpaint . This product has the soft sticks that are almost like the waxy finger paints in a stick form . Think of your child using a chapstick to draw with and you 'll get the idea . We purchased two of these for our 5 year and 2.5 year olds . From the minute they opened it , the waxy `` paint '' part of the sticks were breaking off . It became almost impossible to draw with these sticks and my children were very disappointed with them . They did love the coloring books that came with this kit and went on to use the books with the color wonder MARKERS -LRB- which I highly recommend . -RRB- That said , it 's too pricey for just the book and a shame the sticks do n't work better . Please save your money on this one and go for the Color Wonder Markers or Fingerpaints instead .
 Santa gave my little girl a Bratz RC Classic Cruiser for Christmas , this is one nice looking car , the radio and lights worked well , however the car was supposed to do another major function `` MOVE '' . The car is supposed to be wireless remote , my 5 year old spent the whole day asking me why this thing would n't move with the remote control . Hopefully Santa 's elves can get it fixed at the after Christmas workshop .
 I dont have this toy , cause im not into bratz no more . Cause i gotten a bit older , im 13 . But toys arent my thing ... So if your ages 6-12 get this toy , pimp your brat in a hott new ride . YA babeh LOL
 Do not waste your money on this model . Quality and detail are lacking and the paint job sucks.The majority of the plastic molded parts still have burrs on them ; apparently , no attempt was made by the manufacturer to remove them.The paint on many of the parts , for example , the reaction control thrusters , is poorly applied with runs and overruns onto places where that color of paint should not be . In fact , attention to detail with respect to color -LRB- paint -RRB- is virtually non-existent on the ascent stage . Examples
 The lunar modules that landed on the moon were not called lunar EXCURSION modules ; they were officially known simply as lunar modules . When first conceived , they were name lunar excursion modules by the manufacturers , Grumman , but this changed to lunar module before any ever flew , when the word `` excursion '' was dropped from the official name . Later , excursions were performed by the lunar rovers -LRB- moon cars -RRB- because the lunar module was a lander only , not an excursion vehicle . This product is misnamed .
 i was getting this for a gift for christmas and about four days later i got a email the ups truck backed up into all the packages so i never got the puzzle . i was never asked if i would like them to send me a new one i just never heard for them
 I am entering this review primarily to warn parents that , despite the glowing reviews to the contrary , your children will not necessarily become math geniuses by playing this game . I was initially quite impressed with this game . We got two leapsters for our 5 and 6 year old boys . We bought starwars , batman and the kindergarten cartridges . On the day we gave them to the boys , we drove 5 hours to the beach . They played the whole way . Both fought over having the Batman game . Neither wanted the Kindergarten cartridge.The next day , I played the Batman game with the 5 year old . He showed me how to move the man around , throw bomarangs and catch the bad guys . What he did n't show me , was how to answer any of the math problems . You do n't really have to do any to play the game . Just ignore them and it turns into a low res video game with no educational value . We specifically did not get a DS to avoid this issue . Well , maybe eventually they will do some math problems/recognition stuff , but to date , no.Just thought other parents should know this . Play the games with your kids to see what they are really doing.I made them play the Kindergarten game . That one is more educational , but from what I could see , the problem solving was pretty low level , even for Kindergarten . Maybe my expectations were too high . I am now not sure we did the right thing by buying the leapsters , just so they could have the toy everyone else has . Definitely no DS.Just finished reading Charlie and Chocolate Factory to the boys . They loved it , especially the ditty the ompaloompahs sing after the demise of Mike Teavee . If written today , I 'm sure there would have been a character who played video games all the time .
 My 9 year old son was so excited by the commercial for this product . He met me at the door with his money to order it . When the order arrived he was jumping up and down . When we took it out of the package , I immediately noticed that the plastic seemed flimsy and the tubing was a little too firm to make it fit into the base correctly . After many tries , we finally got it all to snap into place . We followed the directions word for word , and it would not work . The pressure did not seem to build and water was leaking into the base . There was no way for us to fix it ourselves . Looking online I finally found a phone number for customer support . The manufacturer sighed , and said that when they had gotten one in , they had assembled it and been unable to get it to work properly either . They recommended that I return it for a refund as they had no replacements . My son was in tears .
 This product is very misleading . The commercial is so misrepresentative of the product . Nothing about this product is fun . The directions are hard to interpret and the `` arm '' itself could not crush a cottonball . Poor packaging . I would not recommend this toy for anyone .
 We bought two of these , but both leak so badly that pressure is maintained for a few seconds at best . Most of the pistons and valves leak , some so badly that water literally spouts out.Perhaps a lubricant would help , but most of the seals -LRB- o-rings -RRB- are impossible to get to.As others have said , the tubing is too stiff . This makes it very difficult to fit the components onto the base plate . Once they 're on they tend to ` jump ' off because of the stiffness of the tubing . It would have been better if the components could be fastened to the base somehow , but short of gluing I do n't see how that could be done.The tubing also tends to kink easily because it 's too stiff and/or too short , which restricts the flow to the components.There 's a product video from Mad Science on the web that looks pretty good , but I have no idea how they managed to make it work without water leaking everywhere.The idea is great , and if the manufacturer could fix the leaks this would be a great toy . However , for now it 's not worth the shipping charge - even if shipping were free ... There 's no contact information for the company in the box and the products are not listed on the company 's web site.Perhaps their other products deliver what they promise , but based on the two units we have it 's Sad Science rather than Mad Science .
 My son received this toy for his 5th birthday . It seemed like a neat idea for a toy , however , once out of the box it was clear that this toy was poorly designed , poorly constructed and nothing but a piece of junk . The components would not fit in the base correctly , there were multiple leaks and no part of the claw worked at all . What a disappointment . The only reason I gave this toy one star is because I could n't give it zero .
 I just received this doll today and am not sure if it is faulty - the doll 's right hand is not the one described and in photos - the thumb and forefinger are more closed-up and will not stay in the baby 's mouth . i do notice that another model of Babipouce - the grenadine - seems to show a photo with the same closed hand ... so I 'm not quite sure what is going on . Both models obviously have the open mouth for thumb-sucking ... it seems pointless to have an open mouthed doll if their finger wo n't stay in - it just looks weird ! The doll is otherwise sweet and I know my 9 month old will love it -LRB- when she gets the right one ! -RRB- . Maybe they out the wrong hand on this model ? I 'm sending it back , I will update once I have a resolution.UPDATE : I was pleased with Amazon 's `` call me now '' customer service feature , and promptly got a representative on the line . He assured me that the Amazon photo is the most up-to-date and that my doll had been faulty . I was sent another doll 2-day shipping and received it in one day , hooray ! only problem - it 's the same exact doll with the closed hand , NOT the one pictured with an extended pointer-finger and thumb . I went to a local toy store , saw the same Babipouce there , with the same closed right hand . OH well , I threw in the towel and gave the doll to my 9 month-old daughter . She liked it right away , and loves to touch the doll 's nose and mouth . In the long run , it probably wo n't matter much the doll 's hand does n't go in her mouth ... it just irks me . Maybe this change in hand-mold has something to do with the big `` warning - choking hazard '' at the top of the product description . If it 's safer this way , so be it!Ironically , I took care of a friend 's 3 year old daughter today , who took one look at Babipouce 's open mouth and said `` do you have a bottle for that ? '' No , ma'am , I do n't ; -RRB-
 My grandaughter looked at the doll , gave it a hug and then threw it down and picked up another stuffed toy . It was definitely too small to use for a pillow - you must have been measuring the overall doll not the pillow . This is the first thing from Amazon I have not been happy with .
 I love wooden toys and have purchased many for my son . I was so disappointed with this product . It 's very cute and seems like it would be very fun , but it does n't stick very well to my high chair surface . Thus , making it unusable .
 the suction never worked well and the entire thing is not very fun or exciting for a baby . It never should have been made !!!
 This toy does n't do much at all ... . All my baby does is try to chep on it ... she likes her other high chair toys much more ... . pass on this one .
 I wanted to use a strong 2 part epoxy for making jewelry ... this glue is not meant for that.It may be strong but it can not handle any kind of shock or force ... items pop right off .
 My grandson , who loves pirates , has nothing to do with this toy . Maybe an older kid would like it . It sits under his bed , unused and un played with .
 I bought this for my then 15-month-old daughter . She gets no thrill out of it whatsoever and it is one of those toys that has been tossed to the side . The blocks do n't really ` lock ' in place so that you can see what animal noise , etc. is being said , so it can be confusing for a child who is learning the new sounds and letters . The only good thing is that it sings the ABCs ... but I could do that myself and could have saved myself $ 12.99 .
 Puh , Wild West , I think not . This doll is as un cowgirlish as it can get . First off , cowgirls are n't skanky little sluts . They have class . And no one can ride in horse in these tacky outfits they dress them in . Yeah , you can say `` well they 're just dolls they are n't supposed to be realistic '' . If they had n't made horses for them that would n't had bothered me as much.PLus , this doll is just crappy . My younger cousin has one and when she tried to brush the doll 's hair half of it fell out . Do not buy this doll , spend your money on something good .
 I hate when you guys messing around with my scene . What ? Do you think she is a role model ? WELL , i WOULD SAY yOU Are crazyyy !!!! yOU should see her skirt . It is way toooooo short . My scene designer did n't make an outfit as short like that . You should see all Bratz outfits . They are tooooooo sexy . And I 'm sick of the MISSPELL words . Instead of spelling BRAT , they spelled Bratz and instead of spelling ROCK , they spell ROCKZ !! And some other trillions of misspell words . Okay so I hate Bratz or should I say brats , what are you going to do about it ? Kick me at the shin ? Well try it ! I am half way of the earth . My country have two seasons only . Well that is n't a problem , the problem is YOU ARE GOING TO MESS AROUND WITH MY SCENE , WELL I AM GOING TO DO THE SAME WITH BRATZ A.K.A BRATS . Ha ... Ha ... Torryianna
 We purchased this globe from Amazon.com and could n't wait to add it to our living room . It arrived in a box that looked like it 's been through a war , however the globe was not physically damaged . When we unpacked it and looked closely at the quality of the globe we were appalled at lack of attention to detail this product offered . The latitude lines did not meet and the tropic of cancer/capricorn were off as well.Spending almost $ 400.00 for something that belongs in a kindergarten class is not an option.Looking into another manufacturer to satisfy our needs . Waste of money !!! Returned it immediately .
 Got some of this stuff for my son 's bday party . It must have been old although it was sealed ... it broke apart , was all wet and drippy and absolutely worthless ... had to throw away .
 Yes , it 's cute and yes it lights up , but it 's teaching the wrong things . I AM a teacher and the phonics section of the toy is totally wrong ! Many of the consonants are mispronounced , adding the `` uh '' sound to the end . Also , when my son does n't `` perform '' to acceptable levels , it boo 's him and puts a big X on the screen . I 'd much rather hear `` try again '' a thousand times than that . LeapPad products have accurate phonics and positive reinforecement .
 This was given as a gift to my daughter . It was purchased in the US and mailed to us -LRB- Europe -RRB- , so unfortunately returning it was not an option when , 2 days after Christmas , after being used a few times , for short periods , it died . When it did work , we found it annoyingly loud . Our daughter already had the Fisher Price Power Touch Baby , which we like much better , and - a huge plus - has adjustable volume levels .
 This toy seems like lots of fun until you realize they 're mispronouncing the word Library . They say it ` Libery ' . Honestly , it seems that someone along the line in developing this toy would have caught this . Our -LSB- ... -RSB- now discusses in length the CORRECT way to say the word and how his TOY says it . And they state that this toy teaches phonics and vocabulary ? Not in the English language !
 I bought this toy for my 1yr old granddaughter . The box says dog will make woofing noise when pulled and wag tail . It is very light weight so it quickly tips over . My granddaughter enjoyed dragging it around on it 's side and it made the adults laugh . But it definitely does not make any barking sounds just an annoying cranking noise . The tail is loose but does n't wag . I wish Fisher Price still made the wooden dog pull toy that my son had in the 80 's . I noticed most plastic pull toys wo n't stand up bc of the lightweight . I thought the packaging description was deceiving and I returned this item .
 This is a cute toy however , my children lost interest after about a month . Also , the `` leash '' should be about 6 inches longer for comfort of your little one and it would make it easier to pull . I would not recommend this toy .
 I ordered this for my one year daughter , It was too small than I expected and none of the feature works which was mentioned . It does n't bark and does n't do anything . My daughter never played with it not even once . I really feel like cheated.I would suggest not to waste your money on this product .
 This toy is nothing spectacular . I got it when my 14-month-old because he was just starting to walk and he loves puppies . However , he 's not too interested in this toy . When you pull it around -LRB- or push it -RRB- the dog makes a little squeak . It does n't sound anything like a woof , bark , or any other kind of dog noise . My son is now 16-months-old and he walks really well , but he 's still not interested in this toy . A few times I 've seen him try to play with it , but he just lifts the `` leash '' up and ends up carrying the dog around ... instead of `` walking '' the dog . It 's kinda cute , but not really `` fun '' or `` entertaining '' .
 I read reviews stating how poor this product was , but I thought my daughter would love it since she loves dogs so much . First the cord is too long - it could easily be wrapped around their necks . Second , she doesnt really know to drag it so she just picks it up by the cord and jerks it awkwardly . Third , it is not well made . Basically , this is a complete waste of money !!!
 Could n't stand up to my 18-month-old girl playing normally with it . I 've superglued a leg back on several times -LRB- plastic piece connecting the leg to its wheel snapped -RRB- and finally just pitched it .
 i bought this as a christmas toy for my 11mo old son . he loves pulling/dragging stuff around the house and i had this puppy as a child so i was very excited about it . i also love toys that dont require batteries . when pulling this puppy he tips over all the time and the `` barking '' noise is more like a mouse squeek . my son doesnt really like it .
 I really thought this toy would be cuter , but it was really simple . My 13month old daughter does n't really play with it . It 's okay for the price , I just thought it would bark and flap its ears as this is what I thought it did , but it does n't .
 I like this dog because it 's cute , but it 's a very average toy . The dog does n't stay upright when being pulled by the string . So usually my daughter is dragging the dog around on its back . However , she still enjoys dragging it around .
 I bought this for my nieces and it was a complete waste of money . If you are an adult and can pull and walk smoothly , then it 's great , but no toddler can pull it smoothly while walking at the same time . The toy immediately tips over and my nieces are instead dragging it across my hardwood floors , which a -RRB- upsets my nieces because they want to walk a dog the way grown ups do and are smart enough to know you do n't just drag your dog along the sidewalk and b -RRB- it scratches my nice hardwood floors . We instead gave it to our 6 month old son , because at his age all he wants to do is bang things with his hands repeatedly . So it 's about as functional as a plastic bucket but way more expensive .
 The only sound this dog makes is an anemic arf while the wheels are turning . It does not bark like a dog or bark the B-I-N-G-O song like ` Sing Along Lil ' Snoopy ' . I was hoping to get another Sing Along dog so my twins would n't fight over our one , but I was disappointed .
 Just as I had read in past reviews ... I did n't receive the brown dog that was pictured -LRB- I see that now they added a note about not guaranteeing the color -RRB- . I even called Amazon prior to my purchase and was told that all colors are lumped into one SKU # , however , I should receive what is pictured -LRB- brown dog -RRB- . I decided to take a chance and received a white dog , which we already own . The only easy part was returning it ...
 The product is not good . My son never wants to play with it . From the moment the dog is shipped to our house , the total play time my son has with it is less than 1 minute .
 i just received this item and its not even what is pictured !! I looked every where for this brown puppy & in stores then only have the white so when i found this for my sons birthday i was so excited . i opened the package and there inside was the white puppy ... false pictures -LRB- it should say white one or something -RRB- ! if i decide to still give this to my son i will write a review on how good of a toy it is but right now I 'm very disappointed and want to make sure other people know that this item came as the white puppy not the puppy that is shown
 In the picture they look like the regular big blocks but when they arrived they were tiny . They box itself was maybe 4 in wide x 9 in long . So you can imagine the size of 26 blocks ...
 So small ca n't be used for professional photo , that I need to go to Target and buy actual blocks now . What 's the point of having them so small !
 We bought 2 birthstone barbies . Their faces are kind of funny looking , the eyes are big and look left , the lips are too big . BUT the big thing is their knees do n't bend , all they do is pose . The hair is styled funny . Big hard curls in front , but flattened in the back , kind of like someone combed the curls out . Also , lots of static-hair floats up and sticks out . Tons worse than `` regular '' barbies . However , the doggies are really cute . But $ 15 for a tiny toy doggie is extreme . Buy a different doll and get the dogs somewhere else
 Take note that I discovered this manufacturer soliciting on Freelancer dot com to pay someone to write FAKE REVIEWS here on Amazon . Aside from this being terribly unethical , it undermines the value of reviews on Amazon . Do not reward those jerks by purchasing this product .
 I used to play table tennis with my dad on a regular basis and for several years played in a local table tennis club . I recently moved to a place where I have room for a table and decided to get one for me and my son to play on . This table caught my eye as it was built by what I thought was a quality company . I 've never been more let down ! I was immediately disapointed when I opened the box and found the corner to one table was chipped and the entire side rail was bent . Once I got the table set up I was even more disapointed to see how unstable the entire table was . For $ 600 I expected a lot more and will be returning this table ASAP .
 Even though this table appears to be of excellent quality so far , I rate it low because of the company support . The table arrived by truck and was unloaded by fork lift on a wood pallet . It weighed almost 300 pounds as shipped and was packaged very well and had no damage from shipping . However , there was a defect in workmanship on one of the folding legs with the wheels and the part had to be replaced to make the leg secure . When the company was called the individual that I spoke to did not want to listen to what I had to say and only wanted to know the number of the part needed to be replaced . In order to replace the part and install the new part I had to grind a rivet out and use a nut and bolt to replace it . Another nut and bolt could not be removed therefore it had to be cut off and a new nut and bolt used to replace it . I was able to do this but some individuals may not and have to hire someone to do it . The individual that I spoke to on the phone was very adamant that the rivet and bolt and nut could be removed with a phillips screw driver and hammer and used again . If that is true , I must be stupid . I have never seen a rivet that could be reused with any quality or reliability . I will have to say that the replacement part came promptly when ordered , however these parts are mirror images of each other for opposite legs and of course I received the wrong one so I just made do . It just folds in the wrong direction but it does not hurt anything . I would give the table a 4 star rating but company support a Zero .
 I personally would give this zero stars if allowed ... I received my ping pong table today only to find that there was significant damage to the side of the table . THIS WAS MY THIRD -LRB- yes , third -RRB- attempt at setting up an appointment to have the table delivered . The shipping company scheduled 2 previous appointments with me where i needed to block off 4 hours of my day only to call me the day of and tell me the table was not in their warehouse . After try # 2 , I called and they gave no good reason why they would call me to make an appointment without an actual table available for delivery . I am a patient person -LRB- so i 've been told -RRB- so gave them the benefit of the doubt but delivery attempt # 3 sealed the deal . The table is packaged up as if they are delivering you bath towels so it 's not shocking there would be damage . I am not sure why you would ship a $ 600 item with no real padding provided . Amazing . I have a note into Fogdog for a full refund but of course I need to set up another appointment with the delivery company they use ! I just hope to have this mangled table out of my garage by the new year.I 've read good things about the table itself so it 's sad to not be able to try it out . Wish I actually had the option of playing on the table . Do yourself a favor and pass completely to avoid this nightmare.Mike
 This table is listed in Amazon as an outdoor table . We learned the hard way that it is an indoor table . It got warped and the top bubbled due to moisture . Amazon has agreed to take it back , however , and change the listing for it . No where on the description from Amazon does it say it is an indoor table . As an indoor table , I 'm sure it is very good . It is easy to assemble .
 Bought the T8611 . Forget about getting it together . Poor customer service . Rude . Not helpful . Written insructions do not match the video on the site . Totally confusion . This company takes your money and runs . I lite it on fire in my backyard . RUN RUN RUN form these guys
 This seemed like an afterthought without putting much thought into the product . Not built very well . . The light flickers , very limited spread of light , the battery pack flops around and seems like it should be brighter . I looked for an alternative and found the Quasar Lighting System which fits over the lens and contains 6 very bright LED 's . Honestly , this is the product that Donegan should have come up with . Same price as the OptiLIGHT , but unfortunately Amazon does not carry it . Very Very pleased with the Quasar . DO NOT waste your money on the OptiLIGHT .
 Good for temporary light in dark work areas , not a permanentsolution . A bit overpriced for what you get , runs extremelyhot . Batteries die off quickly .
 I purchased this cartridge for my 5 year old because of the great list of skills it said it taught . My daughter and I did n't get past the first 3 minutes of play because we were both shocked that it used the word `` Stupid '' over and over as well as having the characters argue `` did not , did to '' . I spoke to Leap Frog and they apologized . I am taking it back . If you are ok with your child picking up foul language than this is probably a great educational tool , but if you would like to instil good values in your child do not buy this product .
 i bought the game fosters home for imaginary friends for my 6 year old daughter . its rated for 5-8 and K-2 grades . We did not even make it to the actual games . the opening cartoons were terrible displaying behaviors that i punish my children for , i.e. temper tantrums , taking things away from others , and being rude . it also used language we do not allow in our house , i.e. shut up and stupid . the game was terrible avoid it !
 Do n't waste your time with this scooter ... I do n't know if it is fun yet because the battery that came with it was no good . When Currie sent a new one they never sent the wires so we still ca n't use it . Besides the waiting for the parts it takes days to get in touch with Currie .
 My daughter loved this scooter and it is a blast to ride the problem is they break . I bought one for my kid and my neighbor bought 1 for his . Mine quit working in about 2 weeks and they tried to fix it but could n't so it was replaced with a new scooter . My neighbors quit after about 4 weeks and he just got his money back . a few weeks after that my second scooter quit working . Got my money back . 3 scooters all quit working . A + on idea F - on quality
 I purchased this scooter for my son 's birthday last month and he only was able to ride it a total of 2 weeks before the power cables totally snapped on him while turning the handle bars , now the scooter is : junk
 do not but this item has broke many times trust me i would know i have one in my garage that i got arrested for , for just having it !!!!!! -LRB- 60 dollar ticket -RRB-
 My son has only got to ride his new scooter approx . 15 minutes since it 's delivery to our home . I charged it like the directions read . The motor does not fully charge and the chain broke ... all in the first ride . Unbelievable !!!
 I bought this scooter for my daughter for Xmas . I tried to put it together a few days before , but the front forks were twisted and bent . Called Customer Service and they assured me a new part would arrive before Xmas . Xmas came and went . Called one week after the first call and was told they could n't have shipped a part because the parts dept. was closed for inventory . The part would be shipped that day three day shipping . One week later - no part . Called again and was told the part is on backorder . No due date and they would not replace the scooter - only the part . I was told Manager of Customer Service was too busy to speak with me . Filing a complaint with the State of California - Dept. of Customer Protection . Have no idea if the scooter is fun or not - it 's still in the box . Save your money and buy a better product - do n't by from Currie Technologies .
 `` Upset Scooter Mom '' of West Virginia is correct - My 9 yr old daughter rode it for a week before the throttle cable snapped -LRB- like a twig -RRB- while turning in our cul-de-sac . I twisted -LRB- using electrician pig-tail method -RRB- the snapped wires together and taped up to no avail - they just separated again . -LSB- ... -RSB- Good Luck !
 This game has lots of facts and could help you learn more about the world . If you are looking for an educational experience , I think it could be great for a classroom setting in elementary school . The downside to the game is that it is not that fun for adults . Game play is slow and then the game can be over before it starts if someone recognizes a picture . if you are an elementary of middle school teacher I recommend this game , if you are looking for a fun family game , I do n't think this is it .
 Mildly amusing to my 2-year old . But the colors are faint and can be seen w/out using the pen . WAY to expensive for what it is .
 The toy is well made however it will not go straight only in circles and my 4 year old son quickly loses interest . I am sorry I bought it .
 My 3.5 year old loves space / solar + science . First thing he said is , `` How does it fly ? '' He plays with it on rare occasion . It 's just OK quality and its best feature is that it spins really fast in a circle . Not many choices for kids who are into space : - -LRB-
 I purchased this item based on the description that included the phrase `` with sound , '' assuming that it would make an elephant like noise , but I can find no evidence that it will produce any sound . The marketing misrepresented the product . I might have purchased the elephant anyway at a lower price , but I am unhappy that the sellers were able to mislead me in this way and that I paid more for it than I would have if I had known it was just a stuffed elephant .
 I bought this for my 31/2 year old son , and since he LOVES anything Thomas he was very excited about it at first . He started `` coloring '' with the water-filled pen , but he did n't hold the pen straight up and down and it left scratches on the picture that did n't come off when it dried.Next , to call this product a coloring `` mat '' gives the wrong impression . I think that a more appropriate name would be `` Aqua Doodle Coloring Cardstock -LRB- heavy paper -RRB- '' . The `` mat '' itself is very thin and flimsy and I had to attach the `` mat '' to a clipboard in order for him to color it.Last , there is not much difference after the picture is `` colored '' . Sure , the colors look slightly darker , but the picture looks about the same as before he started coloring it . He seemed confused as to what part of the experience was supposed to be fun.He played with it the first day I bought it and has n't touched it since . -LRB- I should also point out that my son is a kid who will sit and study pictures of Thomas & Friends and carry the advertising pamphlets around with him so that he can sit and look at pictures of Thomas while he 's in the car , eating lunch , etc. but he could care less about these coloring mats -RRB- I would really encourage other parents of Thomas-loving-kids to put your money toward something more worthwhile , because this product was a big disappointment .
 This model lacks alot of detail . Compared to other U-Boat models I 've built in the past , this one has only 6 steps to do where other models have about 30 steps to do . Everything about it is so easy , especially the conning tower . The conning tower for this model was finished in less than 5 minutes , where other model 's conning tower take 10 minutes to complete . There are no rivets or welds on the hull and the conning tower was only the basic stuff , periscopes , hatch , and anti-aircraft gun . This model is not worth the money , and I suggest buying something else .
 I have n't received it yet . I had to have it shipped to my cousin in Chicago as the seller would not ship to Toronto , ON.I 've given the product 1 star across the board not because of the figure but because of the shipping issues .
 On the actual product page , a car chassis is pictured with the kit . I only received the kit without the chassis . I contacted the seller and they said the chassis is not included with kit . I just want my money back
 This game would be much better if the numbers were called slower . It 's the most rapid calling I have ever seen . It 's impossible to keep up . The pens that come with the game dried up after the first game that we played and the marks on the cards did n't come off without water . We ended up returning the game the first day we bought it . We found it 's smart just to stick to the old fashion way .
 product is ok , would not encourage the purchase of the game , however the senders of the game was prompt and correct on time of deliver
 My daughter had been asking and asking for a Lilo doll . Since none are being currently made by Disney , I found this set on Amazon . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere as these are very substandard . Not even sure how they can use the Disney name on the tags . Just like the previous reviewer stated , these are `` carnival quality '' -- avoid !
 I ordered this set of Lilo and Stitch for our daughter 's birthday . She 's a huge Lilo and Stitch fan . This set is a BIG disappointment however . They 're cheaply made , and right on the package it says , `` Not for resale '' . They 're like carnival toys ... Really bad !
 We ordered this set for our 4 year old son for Christmas . For the money we paid for it , I have yet to be impressed . He was so excited about it but we could n't get to go around the few track configurations we tried . They went around maybe once at the most then just fell down . One of the cars no longer works . The flexible tracks do n't fit in the grooves without forcing it in . We bought this based on the good reviews , should have listened to the negative review . Ca n't say I would recommend this one .
 I 've recently bought the Darda Racing Car Track . After a couple of un/reassemblies , the track 's joiners broke and needed to be replaced . This is a toy of poor quality even with its price factored in . I do n't recommend this product .
 We purchased this last Christmas -LRB- owned for 8 months now -RRB- . The track connectors broke after assembling only three different configurations . The cars do not travel the full length of several of the recommended track designs and the cars wear out fairly quickly . We ca n't build all suggested designs due to faulty parts and they are very difficult to assemble for anybody under 6 years of age . We have replaced two cars due to the wind-up no longer functioning and at $ 10 a piece for car or replacement engine , that 's ridiculous . When they work they are fun , but if you can find a cheaper alternative , such as mega blocks or matchbox tracks that work with all cars , go with it . Darda is glossy cool on the surface , but not worth the money at all .
 I bought this for my two boys for Christmas this past year . It was great in theory , I liked the different tracks you could build and it was sturdy , BUT , not even 24 hours after opening it , the cars did n't work anymore . I was quite upset by this , as I spent $ 100 for this set . If the cars would have worked , it would be a great item , but for the money , I would have expected the cars to last longer ! They are n't cheap to buy separately either . So , now the tub just sits up on a shelf .
 My baby hated this toy he became very frustrated with it because when he would try and push it it would fall over can anyone recommend a better toy truck ?
 waste of money . it is n't a 30x loop . I bought it trying to read the serial number on my fiance 's diamond ring . 20x 's at the jewelers can read that yet this &#34; 30x &#34; ca n't POS .
 Hello , The eye relief is very poor you have to put the loupe right on object thus you cant see very much . The doublets are better and for 4 bucks for two , or 2.50 for one including shipping it is a much better deal . Do n't waste your time with this one get doubles much better eye relief , ands less than half the price .
 Beware that it is NOT 30x . It 's in fact a 10x loupe . Other than that , it 's a good quality 10x loupe . Hope Amazon can correct this .
 As others have noted , not 30x . Image is upside down . Extra margin around lens so its not even 21mm . This magnifier is no better than than the 10x at a third the price .
 Bought this for my 11 yr old son for his birthday , It seemed to work fine the 1st couple of times , but by the 4th time it quit running normal . It would only run if you were with in 4 feet of it and it went really slow . We took it to our neighborhood hobby joint & they could n't figure out what was wrong with it except that it was bad out a box . So we have returned it and are going to get something else , do n't want to go through same disappointment .
 I got one for christmas and it is one of the worst cars i have had I have went through two motors the last one i got and ran it twice and it would not work so I called traxxas and they sent me a new one and they did n't say sorry or anything they acted like they did n't even care . they do n't even want to make there costumers happy I will not ever buy another traxxas product again just becouse of the rustler and there support when i called them . and the car is not all that great the battery charger takes eight hours to charge which is terrable because poeple do n't want to wait eight hours to play with the car . they make the car out of very cheap materials and they want you to have to buy a faster charger becouse they know that most people are going to buy a faster charger .
 I received this for christmas . This has been on my wish list for 10 years . I opened box on christmas day so excited to play with my new toy . My girlfriend already had the battery charged up . I started to load the 8 AA batteries into the transmitter and found that one of the battery contacts was missing . This is a TOTAL bummer ! I called Traxxas once they opened from being closed for the holidays . I explained the situation and the representative explained that he would send out a packet of contacts and it would be about 3 days before I receive them . I complained about a 3 day turn around time based on the fact that this model was supposed to be ready to run and it was n't . I did n't even receive so much as an apology from Traxxas but instead was told that if I wanted a faster turn around I could either pay $ 15 for 2 day shipping or go to my local hobby store and buy the contacts myself . This is not the customer service experience I was expecting based off of the reviews that I have read . I am extremely disappointed . If I receive the missing battery contact and the truck works as it should then I will be happy but I do n't think it can run good enough to change my opinion of Traxxas customer service .
 After about two months of occasional play in ` demo ' mode -LRB- we left it in ` demo ' because the full songs in ` musical ' were annoying and ` interactive ' was too sensitive to any sort of bump or movement -RRB- it one day just froze up . The lights came on when activated but never blinked -LRB- as is normal -RRB- for several mins with no music . Then suddenly it would start playing like a brocken record spasticly . Complete junk ! My son did n't even like it when it did work right .
 My 12 year-old daughter is fascinated with South Park . We do not let her watch it , but she hears about it from her friends . She wanted to buy this product to share with her friends . According to the Amazon page , the manufacturer recommended age is 8 years and up . So we let her buy it . When we received it , I found the recommended age on the box was really 18 and up . There is either a typo or purposeful misinformation on the Amazon page . The most objectionable thing in it is Cartman flashing his chest . The band members may also be showing ` the finger , ' although there was some debate in our household about this . Just be warned , the Amazon website is wrong .
 all u really get is 12 more lists . u can easily make your own . u do get 6 answer pads , but u could just use plain old lined paper or index cards .
 The table arrived and we took time to setup and found that critical portions of the table to hold it together was missing . After installation , the table fell down and nearly crused one person 's leg because the rod that connects the two hinges together was missing on both the sides . It is a very shoddy effort and not at all happy for the price we paid and for the quality we expect of nearly a 600 dollar table . Need to contact the seller and get the replacement parts . very disappointing as it took 3-4 hours and then realized we cant play on that and nearly broke it due to the missing parts .
 I would like to meet the people that put this table together in 2 hours . It is not easy to assemble . After spending approximately 4 hours to assemble I removed the plastic protective cover from the table top to reveal a crack . Now that sucks.Customer service with Amazon was very cooperative in coordinating the return of the table.I believe I will be replacing this with a different product .
 Here 's what I know about this table . I ordered it well before Christmas obviously as a gift for my kids . Everything seemed to run smoothly and be as promised until I got a call from the local freight company that was to deliver it the following day . -LRB- December 21st as promised . -RRB- And I quote , `` The box is completely destroyed , parts are missing and there is obvious damage to the product . I would estimate that nearly 1/3 of the box is missing . I would strongly suggest you not accept the shipment . '' That left me in a bad position and I ended up driving to the city to find a different table in time for Christmas . So I do n't know what happened in shipping and if it was related to the how it was packed at the factory or not . I just know that the shipping is clearly problematic.If you order this table , inspect it carefully before accepting it.As a side note I was very impressed with Amazon large item customer service . They were very appologetic , offered me multiple options and in the end refunded my $ $ plus a gift card for my trouble . They handled it all in one 5 minute phone call . If I could rate them separately I would give them 5 stars !
 I have taught fishing at a camp for kids 20 + years , and have seen many children delight in the mastery of their fishing techniques . Nothing like observing a child catch their first fish all on their own , it truly is something they will remember for their lifetime ! I recently had a 2nd grader show up with this rod , and witnessed only frustration and disappointment . -LRB- The safety of this rod while fishing with a group truly came into question too , but that is another issue . -RRB- Secondly , why reduce your child 's ability to master small and large motor skills by ` copping out ' from buying the traditional rod ? Take it from my experience , buy your child a traditional rod and closed-faced reel by Zebco or Shakespeare -LRB- lots less expensive -RRB- and take the time to help them develop the motor skills to master the art of fishing . They will feel so much more accomplished when they 've experienced a good cast and caught a fish all by themselves then cheating with this tragic invention .
 Ok so I have nothing positive to say about this fishing pole . I should have bought my -LSB- ... -RSB- an adult pole for the same kind of money . Its a completely over priced hunk of junk ! I spent several hours trying and retrying to get it to work right . It would shoot then the line would tangle . The bobber failed to release the bait . It shot tops 15 feet into the water . In total we actually used it fishing -LRB- not trying to get it to work -RRB- maybe 3 shots with bait before fustration got the best of us . I recommend not wasting your money . The concept is great the pole just is n't . I 'm surprised it has n't gotten recalled yet .
 I saw a couple of little kids with these while I was fishing with my two kids . Of course , my kids thought they looked cool -LRB- they saw them on TV -RRB- and asked if they could have them . That was until they saw them in action . They launched a pathetic 15 feet maximum . Seemed like they were too difficult for the kids to `` pump '' . For the $ 30 each they cost , I bought two Shakespeare Spincasting combos that came with hooks , lures , etc. . My kids caught a dozen or more Sunnies each . The kids with these rocket rods did n't even get a bite . They were bored after about 20 minutes and left .
 My daughter was SO excited to get this , but the first time we tried to reel in the casting bullet -LRB- EXACTLY as per directions -RRB- , the line broke and was lost in the reel which I had no choice but to take apart , thinking the line would be fairly easy to recover and put back together . NO . I 'm a relatively mechanically inclined individual , and rarely do I give up on a project because I ca n't fix it , but this was a serious pain in the - neck . I suppose I could replace the reel or spend a few hours messing with it ... oh yeah , I do n't actually have a few hours to dedicate to that , so ... to the garbage it goes . Very disappointing .
 Bought this for 5-yr-old for a vacation at the lake . It casts and it 's fun to see how far it might go , but that 's where all smiles ended . It constantly tangled and the reel kept falling apart . It was a pain to keep fixing and trying to put back together . We spent more time fixing than fishing . We returned it to the store immediately upon return from our vacation . Do yourself a favor and go pick up a $ 10 theme fishing rod from Walmart that comes with a little tackle box . It will be more enjoyable for everyone .
 I also bought this for my son and it broke within the first 3 hours of using it . It was his first time fishing and he was excited . He launched it and it seemed to be fine but it would n't reel back in . Finally after 15 minutes of trying to reeling it back it , we launched it again and it did n't seem to cast out far enough so we tried reeling it back in and it just stopped . Wasting over 1hr on trying to fix the problem , we finally got fed up and just packed up our gear and left . My son was so upset , he cried the whole time wanting to fish . Thanx FOGO for making kids cry and making the parents look idiots . We 'll buy a real fishing rod .
 I purchased this for my son who loves to fish with his Grandpa after intense lobbying . My son really wanted to be able to cast on his own like the grownups . He was so excited about this product and was devastated that no one - including the grownups could get the necessary items for tackle in the `` pocket '' yet still in a position where a fish could be caught . It does cast - but there is no way to actually catch a fish with it . Do n't waste your money . - Taken Parent
 I bought two of these for my kids in an attempt to do some basic pier fishing . If you 're like me , you fish because it 's relaxing . Taking the kids brings that down a notch . Taking the kids and making them use these things ? You 'd be better served stuck in traffic or waiting on line at the DMV.Kids have a tendency to be rough on reels , but I ca n't blame them for this one . In both cases , the toy -LRB- and that 's exactly what it is -RRB- was broken inside of five minutes , with no way to repair . It 's reliant on a hokey spring and gear mechanism that never stood a chance of holding up to regular use , whether by a child or an adult . And all the tinkering in the world will never get that thing to work right again , which will disappoint your kids and leave them without gear to fish with -LRB- further disappointing them and making your trip a complete waste -RRB- . Your best bet ? Those cheap mini-fishing rods that are available in any department store , with the little plastic plug for casting practice . They 're bullet proof , do n't require a whole lot more training to use than this contraption , and they will withstand abuse , whereas this thing would just stop working even if the kids did n't knock it around.If I can save one person that aggravation , writing this review will have been worth it !
 It 's in the title . On my first try using it , the reel mechanism broke and I ca n't get it back in . It 's a hoax . DO NOT buy this fishing rod . I would rather spend time trying to fix an engine then fixing this .
 I bought two for my sons for Christmas 2007 . One of them broke on the first try of cocking the gun !!! I tried to fix it but realized that the mechanism was made of cheap plactic which had snapped in half . The other gun has continued to work fine after several outings , however , we still have not caught any fish with these . Mainly because the bullet which holds the hook has a hard time opening , and then doesnt allow the hook , bait , and weight to sink low enough to attract any fish . Dont waste your money - we pulled out a cheap rod from when I was a kid , and my kids actually preferred that !!!
 my daughters are 8 years old-this is not an item for them !!! We were all disappointed-we always go fishing , and my girls begged to have these . They shoot out about 20 feet , which is right in front of your feet , and they catch nothing !!! They do better with a rod and reel , and live bait . We have told everyone not to buy them , unless you have children who are 2 years old and want to act like they are fishing-otherwise , not worth it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I couldnt find this item ANY where but Amazon.Its all my Grandson wanted . I asked him after he had been fishing how he liked it - He said '' I dont like it '' I asked why , they arent cheep - He said '' It doesnt soot far enough '' -LRB- OH ! & Dylan is 7 yrs . old -RRB- Hope this helps ~
 I wonder how many people actually catch fish with this rod . We bought two of these at 30 bucks a pop . We have twin sons and they were so excited to use these . They shoot fine -LRB- about 15 feet ... not 30 -RRB- but the problem is with the capsule -LRB- bobber -RRB- that holds your bait . It tends to not release the hook that holds the bait . You are n't gon na catch much of anything if your hook is still inside the bobber . I was discussing the rod with a friend and she said her daughters did the same thing . Its a great idea , but it just does n't work for some reason . I think we will be returning these and getting them a plain old fishing rod . We were out for over 2 hours and no bites . Maybe because they did n't have anything to bite into .
 I bought this for my grandson . It took him about three minutes after receiving this to have a problem with the release latch . I was with him and saw he did nothing more then cast and retreive . I think it is a waste of money .
 I bought this at Wal-Mart for my 4-year-old who LOVES to fish . It 's true what the package says and that it 's not for children under 8 . As hard as he tried he was not able to cast it himself . It requires quite a bit of strength and coordination in order to cast it . And it 's heavier than a normal fishing rod so that made it more difficult for him . I still thought I 'd hold on to it for a while to give him some time and maybe he 'd get better at it but I did n't get the chance . Only after 6-7 casts the darn thing broke . I did n't even ask my husband to see if he could fix it . Back to the store it went ; we 'll stick to a regular pole and just keep doing the casting for him .
 I bought this for my 2 sons figuring it would be a fun way to have them easily cast the line and fish . Within 2 casts , the lines were impossibly tangled and they both broke apart easily when trying to repair . the hook did not properly come out of the cartridge and there is no way a fish will be caught . I feel really taken by the company that put this piece of garbage out in the marketplace . Terrible product . Please do n't waste your money like I did .
 Do n't buy it . I bought it for my 7-yr-old son . I 'm going to return mine after taking it out for the first time . It only casted out a couple times and then started tangling fish line inside , line kept breaking when casting and all kind of fishing line problem . It 's impossible to fix . I spent more time trying to fix the casting and fishing line than to actually do fishing . Old fashion fishing rod seems so make sense after all .
 I gave this 1 star because they do n't allow 0 . this thing is junk . only shoots 15 to 20 ft. the reel is very weak . me and my 4 year old used it for 2 hours and then it broke . the reel quit reeling . the bobber is too hard to get back in the shaft . whoever invented this should give money back . Please do not buy this for your kids .
 Our twins bought two of these with their own money . Neither worked as advertised . Both broke on the first outing . This toy was a big disappointment .
 i bought 2 of these and my kids love them but there to hard for them to use , they dont shoot 30 feet they are luck to go 15 feet.they are yet to get a fish on them , the bobber floats way to low in my opinion it scares the fish.they dont work as easy as they show it to!my kids are 5 & 7 ! i wish i could resale them for half the price so dont waste your money like i did !
 Well , they looked so cool on TV that I ordered 2 of them and I regret it . It 's awkward to get the hook back into the `` rocket '' once the bait is on . I took my son fishing with them and what we ended up doing is not launching them out of the gun/rod . We left the pod open with the bait on the hook and dropped it into the water and let it drift with the current . I 've come to find that buying cheesey little rods and reels are simply a waste of money . If you 're going to take a little one out fishing , just use your own and let them reel yours in until their big enough to handle a decent set up . The only reason I gave this 2 stars is because it was a neat IDEA . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought two of these for my sons because they were excited by the TV ads and believed that expert-fisherman Roland Martin represented true quality . The rods never worked . The lines snapped before we shot the rods for the first time . I spent an hour putting them back together . Next , pump and shoot mechanisms did not work . I spent hours fiddling with the rods and only cast them 1 or 2 times . The fishing line weight was very light and snapped easily . The mechanics of the rod made it difficult to re-string . My experience was the same with both rods.After my one very unsuccessful outing , I started working on getting a refund . I emailed Spin Master 's Customer Service -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- only to hear `` We are sorry to hear that you are not satisfied with the product you purchased . Your feedback is always appreciated ... '' Really ?!? I asked for a refund . There was no mention of a product return policy . They did send a phone number where they told me that you can get a replacement within 30 days with the bar code from the back . Lessons learned
 I purchase 2 of these fishing lines , and my kids where so exicited to get them , but within the 1st day they where both broken and they never even used them . Would not recommened to purchase .
 My wife found it on sale for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -- which , in retrospect , should have been a clue . It took about five casts for a three year old who loves fishing to see that this is a sorry piece of junk . This is a great way to thoroughly disappoint a child.I have five children , from three to twenty-three , and they all love to go fishing . We fish in ponds , canals , and from our boat - for everything from grouper to bass . Fishing is a great way to spend some quality time with your kids , but do n't waste your money on this thing.The problems with this are legion . It will definitely launch the `` safety bobber '' a respectable distance , but you must tie your hook directly to the six pound test line -LRB- no way to use any type leader -RRB- , you are limited to using one split shot weight , and you must pack the hook , weight and bait inside the safety bobber . Even using just a small piece of shrimp , we found that it would n't usually deploy properly which leaves the child `` fishing '' with his bait stuck inside the plastic float.Stay away from weeds , stumps or anything else that could cause a snag -- in other words , all the good places that fish hang out where you would normally try to get bait to . If you get hung up , you have to replace the entire contraption -LRB- at about -LSB- ... -RSB- each -RRB- which will take some time , especially if you break the line above that little `` line stop '' that the entire system depends upon.If you do manage to hook a fish with this thing -LRB- which is probably a rare event -RRB- , it better be a very small fish . You have no way to `` play '' a fish with this toy bazooka , and six pound test line wo n't let you force the fish out of weeds and such , so a fish of any size would be likely to tangle you up.Note that they tell you this is not for young children . The fact is , this is a child 's toy , that only a young child will be interested in , but it is not safe for them . They must have the age warning because it would be easy to seriously hurt someone if you shot them in the face with this . -LSB- ... -RSB- My three year old was completely taken by the commercials to the point that we had to let him try it . We took him out on the boat to a place where he could `` cast '' without worry about getting tangled up -LRB- and we could simply go retrieve it if he did -RRB- . I literally had a boat load of children -LRB- most of mine , and some of their friends -RRB- , and it pained me to see the little guy so disappointed , but sometimes you must let them see and do for themselves.I remember his PR fiasco when Roland Martin declined the Make-A-Wish Foundation 's request to take a terminally ill child fishing , so I do n't know why I would expect more from him than to lend his name to this . How do you target children , and parents who do n't know better.What kind of person disappoints children for a living?Bill E. BranscumNaples , Floridawww.MrMoms.org
 My child had a little bit of fun with this fishing rod but it did n't last long . Has plastic gears and if the line gets snagged and breaks it might get tangled up inside and no way to get in it to untangle it . The bobbers are hard to find so order extras for yours . Overall is a great concept but not really made heavy duty for kid play .
 What a pain to work with . Bought it for my seven year old daughter , and she used it once before it broke .
 I know kids are hard on things but do n't you take that into account when you design something for them . I bought three rods -LRB- over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- total -RRB- and each one them broke down within one hour of using them .
 I purchased two of these . One for an eight year old and the other a ten year old . These things are garbage and we actually just gave up exchanging them and they have been sitting in the garage collecting dust ever since . The lines constantly get tangled and they do not stay working for more than a few casts . I would highly suggest that you look at something different for your children .
 The rod itself feels cheaply made , all plastic , but I guess that 's to be expected with a TOY like this . And yes , the safety button is an issue for smaller kids . But the biggest problem comes when the line tangles inside the reel , and believe me , it will happen . Incredibly time consuming to try and resolve the issue to get your child fishing again , and that 's IF you can figure out how to make it work . Good/fun concept , horrible execution . You 've been warned ...
 My grandson brought his Rocket Fishing Rods , still in its packaging , over to my house . While I was reading the back of the packing , I came , across a note telling kids to wash their hands after use because of lead content . This piece of crap came from China -LRB- where else would it come from but , China -RRB- . The safety commission is n't doing their job well , the shipment should n't have gotten past the loading dock inspection center . Because of the lead content , this fishing rod should be recalled .
 This was a birthday gift for my 6 year old son . It 's junk . It does n't work most of the time and has ruined two fishing trips with grandpa . He was completely excited and prepared to go out and use this new fishing pole . When they struggled to get it to work Pappaw tried to convince him to use his fishing rod . Needless to say the meltdown ensued because he REALLY wanted to use this one . Trust me - if you have kids you know exactly what I 'm talking about.Don ' t waste your money or time on this product .
 Not for fishing ... honestly is a piece of junk . Cheap line , shoots short distance and the bobber and hook setup is just not going to attract fish .
 Got 1 launch from this piece of crap . Thank goodness amazon.com did n't give me any problems returning it . The biggest waste of time and money . Major disappointment giving this `` must have '' to my kids , only to have to return it . Do n't waste your time!I had to give it 1 star because it would n't let me give it a negative mark ... which is what it deserves .
 We bought this fishing rod for our 5 year old today . We threw it away within 2 hours . Not only did it hardly work if was too hard for an adult to use much less a kid . It is cheaply made -LRB- the telescoping rod broke almost immediately -RRB- and complete waste of money . I would have returned it to the store but it was n't even worth the gas to drive it back ! It was extremely difficult and does n't even open up when it hit the water making it IMPOSSIBLE to catch any fish . Do not spend a dime on this ridiculous product !
 My son got this for a 5th birthday present last year from his grandpa . Last fall he had trouble cocking it , but could shoot , reel , etc. . Like others mentioned you do have to add a little split shot weight to the hook to get it to actually open up the bobber and sink down . My son sees me fishing a topwater plug and wants to do the same thing with his rocket rod , so half the time there 's nothing on the hook and he 's just shooting out and reeling in . As long as he 's having fun , I could n't care less!After a few uses , the reel got completely backlashed . I have no idea how this happened , but it was a real PITA to dismantle the thing to the point that the line could be fixed . After that , it was operation as normal.The rod was n't used over the winter and we just broke it out last weekend . After a few casts , the large button/lid that you press to make it shoot snapped off and fell in the lake , never to be seen again . I 'm not having a ton of luck finding replacement parts either .
 Very difficult to slide rings along bendy bar ... which defeats the purpose of the toy . Spend your money on something else !!!
 The basics Twistin Bead Bar is an awkward toy . It does n't twist and bend very efficiently and it parts of the toy that `` move '' to make sounds barely move . My 7 month old only likes it because of the bright colors and patterns on it . I think it was a waste of money . Not a good toy at all .
 This toy is n't worth the money you pay for it . It is n't much fun at all , in fact its only `` fun '' part is the cute laughing sound it makes when you push the nose . My 2 year old daughter , hardly played with it at all before it got left in the box with all the other boring toys . I would n't purchase again .
 this table took me about 2-3 hours to assemble . quality is OK . I like the idea of not removing the nets and post while in folding state.But the laminate surface really give very bad bounce for the ball . I just roughly measured the bounce of the ball free falling , it 's on very low end or not meeting the standard I got from internet . I wanted to return it the next day after I tried . I did n't return it only because it 's too much headache to de-assemble everything and put it back to the boxes.I would n't recommend it if you really love to play table tennis . The low bounce really take a lot of fun away from playing .
 I have the one that has 3 pieces the third 4 spelling . We do n't use that yet but I 'll save it until he 's old enough -LRB- added bonus -RRB- . Also the pieces ONLY fit the correct numbers unlike this one
 I bought this toy for my child . She loved it until this morning ! She just got one of her first teeth the other day . She was playing with this today and somehow bit a piece of fabric right off of the whoozit 's nose . It landed way back in her throat and she was gagging on it . Finally she must have swallowed it ... I was not able to get it out . Be very careful if you buy this . Once they get teeth , it is NOT safe for you baby !
 The item seen online is difinitly not wwhat was shipped . Online it states the tea set is ceramic -LRB- actually tin -RRB- . It has no pink mostly red , black and white . It is very tiny and not what was expected . I was purchasing this set for my seven year old for christmas to replace a ceramic set she has since she was 2 yrs . This set was a disappointment when i recieved it , I could because of the size and especially because it 's not ceramic . I should have added $ 5 - $ 10 more and purchase something that had a basket , napkins etc. . Not pleased with this purcahse at all . It 's a wastes of money . Check a department store for this item it 'll be a lot cheaper that $ 18.99 .
 dosent work like the same type of noise maker a friend bought at Walgreens ... do n't buy it111
 I do n't see how the questions have much to do with `` Girls Night Out '' . One of the questions is `` what was your favorite school year ? '' My girlfriends and I -LRB- all in our 30 's -RRB- find the questions very boring and did n't bring out the type of juicy info that we had hope for . I had to return it because this is waaaay too expensive for what I expected out of it .
 I received my box of things and everything was in there and in good condition . Except for the `` Girls Night Out Pink '' conversation cards set . Now , the casing is a very thick plastic , I believe . Possibly acrylic . The corners of the lid were COMPLETELY destroyed . And nothing else in the box was harmed , so I know it was n't damaged during shipping . Unfortunately , I had already unwrapped it before I realized it was damaged , so I know I ca n't send it back . But , honestly ? Why would you let something so terribly damaged get sent out to a customer ? Especially when it 's a fairly expensive item . Over all , I give this experience a 2 out of 10 , simply because it 's so obvious that the one item was so terribly destroyed . The only reason I did n't notice immediately was because the side was facing away from me when I was tearing off the plastic wrapping .
 I do n't have any pros for this one , so we 'll skip straight to the cons :1 . Like other reviewers have noted , the toy comes without any packaging , box , plastic bag - nothing . It arrives floating , unprotected , in a manila envelope . Niiiice touch , `` bravofun '' . It may as well have come out of a gumball machine .2 . After winding up the diver ... he does n't really go anywhere . The diver 's two flippers move in a repetitive up-down motion , but there is n't any forward propulsion produced . Wind it up and give it a good shove , and he 'll still just float there with two vertically-flapping feet . Sort of defeats the whole purpose of a wind-up bathtub toy . Fail .3 . The diver is definitely not watertight . Put it in the water -LRB- wound up or not -RRB- , and he 'll suddenly list to one side or the other . This in turn brings one of the flippers nearly or completely out of the water . Even with one flipper out of the water , it still does n't go anywhere . Fail again.Bottom line - if you 're looking for a relatively fun and engaging bathtub toy for a toddler ... keep looking . This was nine bucks tossed out the window .
 What a disappointment ! This was one of -LRB- 3 -RRB- new bath toys that I purchased for my five year old for tub time . All three were basically junk . In this case , the diver ca n't swim through the water , and just flaps its feet like your child may do at swim class while holding onto the side of the pool .
 My preschooler has been wanting a diver for the bath for a while now . He saw a bin of these at a local bookstore and wanted me to get him one . Most of them were already broken and so I said I would find him one online . I could not find ANY other wind-up type diver tub toys so I called the bookstore back after they got a new shipment to have them hold one , but they said they could n't find one that worked ! So , I decided to try good ol' Amazon . Ordered it and , sure enough , it did n't work when it arrived . You could wind it up , but no movement . I called Amazon and told them what happened and they shipped me a new one . This time it arrived without a head -- and the winding mechanism STILL did n't work ! Under any normal circumstance I would have never bought this in the first place , but it was the only moving bath tub diver I could find . Shame on them for making a product that ca n't even start out working ! Calling it junk is just way too kind .
 1 out of 4 worked for less than a week . Do n't waste your money .
 My 5 year old played with this twice in the the tub and it broke . He was not rough with it . Even when it did work , it did n't work very well . Over all it was a cheap toy , but for only getting to play with it twice , it was too expensive . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY .
 Sadly , this was a waste of money . This potentially fun little bath toy worked for all of 5 minutes , literally .
 My husband was so excited to order this toy for our son , but it broke the first time we put it in the bath . The turn dial is stripped , so now the diver does n't kick .
 It only could swim in circles because only one flipper moved . Then it stopped working altogether after only a few weeks . Such garbage !
 We have one of these and it stopped working after only a handful of uses in the bath - very poor build quality .
 Where is the big screen ? . This is no bigger then the one I have . Hard to view in daylight . I am old need large screen .
 This sudoku puzzle took some getting used to . Unfortunately , it stopped working after only 10 days . While it worked , it took me longer to solve puzzles than on my previous electronic sudoku , and I could only solve level 1 -LRB- out of 4 levels -RRB- puzzles . Because it stopped working so quickly I would n't recommend it .
 I have been searching for the perfect handheld sudoku game and this is not it . I found it very difficult to see the numbers without a backlight even with my reading glasses . Also I would perfer a stylus pen instead of having to scroll around the screen to enter a number . I do like the idea of being able to use a dry erase pen to mark off numbers , but I could n't even see those . Still searching !
 I ordered a Zen garden for a gift exchange . It was supposed to be 11.5 &#34; by 7 &#34; . What I got was a tiny little 4 inch box . Amazon is express shipping me a different zen garden but I do n't know if it will arrive in time . I am very unhappy with the delivery ! The new one I ordered is identical but will cost me 3 dollars more along with possibly being too late for my gift exchange . I am unhappy with this . Amazon was great at doing all they could but this company could have done a lot better in inventory control !
 They sent me the wrong Mini Zen Garden . By the reviews I 'm not the only one . I 'll update this if they give me an exchange for the correct one , just be warned that multiple people have mistakenly received a 4 inch long Zen Garden . And considering it should be a foot long , that does not leave me feeling very zen.I needed this product by a particular date , and it 's just a hassle to try and fix this mistake .
 I use this in my office with elementary children , who are all immediately attracted to its sand and rakes . Unfortunately , it 's not very deep and so the sand is constantly coming up out of the box . I 've left the base in the cardboard box it came in just to try to contain some of the sand but in general I 've been discouraging the kids from using it because of the mess it leaves behind . If it were just a bit deeper it would be a great product .
 I bought this for my husband to make meditation at the office easier . The garden looks really pretty but maybe a little flimsy as far as construction . I do n't think it would stand up to much abuse . The main problem I have with it is that it 's missing one of the feet on the bottom . So , the garden does not sit level on the table and can not be used for its intended purpose . I feel like this is definitely a manufacturer error , because you can see a spot of glue where the foot should be . I thought maybe it had just come loose during shipping , but it 's no where to be found . Thank god we did n't open the sand before we discovered this . I am willing to give it another try , but Amazon does not allow exchanges with this item . Seems like a hassle to return and then reorder , but it is definitely going back . What a disappointment .
 I ordered this item and it was around $ 17.00 or so . What I received was this little tiny with a very tiny square and mini accessories as it looks ... not what I ordered . Contacted Amazon and they refunded my purchase price right away , but stated they could not reship it and that I would need to replace a new order . Well , upon returning to this item it had increased to $ 29.99 ! I contacted Amazon again and they said they would give me free 1 day shipping . It is really the point of the matter . Not ordering it again . Not worth the headache !
 The so called &#34; zen garden &#34; is the size of a postage stamp and the miniatures barely fit inside the tray . Very disappointing !
 My 7-yr old thought this costume was super cool but the helmut was poorly made . It is actually 2 pieces of cheap plastic that you have to put together . The helmut kept scratching against his forehead , making it red and irritated . This is very unfortunate because you ca n't be Megaman without the helmut . For the amount of money you have to pay for this childs ' costume , you should be able to expect a better quality helmut .
 The price is ridiculous you can buy similar item at catalogfavorites.com . It 's called Ballerina Dance With Me DollCost $ 24.95 !
 Whoever thought that an oval sit n spin would be a good idea did n't try it out ! My two year old loves my five year old daughter 's round sit n spin . I bought him this one and he gets frustrated because if he sits in the wrong place , he ca n't get it to go . You have to sit on the two ends with the stars . When my five year old tries to use this Dora sit n spin , she slides off of the ends . Also , she complains that it does n't go as fast as her round sit n spin . You can see why . The spinning is odd because of the shape , and you ca n't get a consistent speed going . I 'm going to have to buy another round sit n spin to avoid the constant arguing over who gets to use the good one !
 It has one star , only because there is n't a way to give negative stars . This is not like the hard plastic , easy to spin sit and spins that I remember -LRB- as a child of the late 70 's -RRB- . This is a cheaply made piece of junk that even my easy to please 3 year old finds uninteresting and boring . The part the child holds on to -LRB- the pink part w / Dora 's face on in -RRB- feels like it 's going to break off . It gives when you try and spin , so your child ca n't really spin that fast on it . Our other experience with it is that the electronics went out on day 2 . Do n't bother with this toy ... no matter how much fun you remember them being , this one will not compare to that .
 I bought Dora sit and spin for my grandaughter , I remembered the old ones my kids had and how much fun they had . This one does n't spin well , will not spin at all on carpet . The electronic sound has broken in less than 2 months , it 's very cheaply made and not sturdy . I would recomend looking for an old one .
 This game is not what I expected . Based on the title and the reviews , I thought it would be a `` dirty '' game of charades to play with adults . The scoring is weird and the words are really hard . I did n't find anything raunchy as some previous reviewers did . My issues lie more with the things you have to act . I can understand `` Knee high boot '' and `` Getting to first base '' but how in the heck do you act out `` Exploring Uranus with a telescope ? ''
 We played with a group of close friends -LRB- mid 30s -RRB- . The game was not that fun . The phrases you were trying to get your team mates to guess were often too specific . It provided a few laughs , but overall was not worth it . We threw it away as we were packing the car to leave the beach . I would n't recommend this game . We have enjoyed Time 's Up in the past .
 Please do n't mistake this for a wagon your child can ride in ! It is a wagon for a child to pull their toys around in . The weight limit on the item is 22 lbs . We pulled a 2 year old around in it , but this is not recommended , it is for a 3 to 5 year old child to pull .
 Like the rest of the reviewers , I found that no matter how carefully you put the pieces on , they easily slip off . The most you can get on is about 2 . The manufacturers of this game undoubtedly were aware of it . Its a shame they chose to market it anyway . Well , thank goodness you can review toys online . I hope I saved some other buyer from wasting his or her money on this defective game !
 If I could have given it a negative star , I would . Impossible to play , especially for younger kids . We could n't get more then one piece on the board at one time .
 This game is way too difficult for any age ! I would never give this as a gift !
 What a bummer ! We returned this game because , like so many other reviewers , even the adults could n't get the pizza parts to stay on top . Topple is n't as cute to look at , but it 's a reliable substitute .
 Way way WAY too hard . The pieces slide right off the surface . If the top had just a little friction , it would be fun . Instead , we usually get about 2 plays in before the topple . As a parent , I have to try really hard -LRB- and this is with the steady base -RRB- to get a piece on without it shifting and toppling - this is with it sitting steady on a hardwood floor with just me and my son.I agree with others that the quality of the game pieces is really good . Surprisingly good , actually , considering the poor execution on the pizza itself.Great concept , could have been a fun game , but poor execution and unenjoyable gameplay.If you want frustrated kids and parents , this is the toy to get : -RRB-
 We was n't able to play this game . No matter what pizza pieces will not stat on the pizza , they fall right off . After unsuccessful attempt of 4 adults and 2 children to play this game , we decided to send Mr. pizza back where he came from .
 I am very annoyed at this game , simply because you ca n't play it ! The ingredients slide right off and you 're lucky if your kids can even get 3 toppings on before it tips . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you pre-heated the oven for your four year old , then gave her some dough , sauce , and mozzarella , she 'd stand a better chance of making a pizza than by playing this impossible game . The toppings have to be perfectly balanced in order to stay on the way too slick surface of the crust . They need to be in the exact center of the playing surface , too , unless you simultaneously balance another piece at the opposite pole with the care of Indiana Jones at the very beginning of Raiders of the Lost Ark.One reviewer here recommended sanding the crust for better friction . That 's an excellent idea , but should my kids ' toys really require this of me ? Is n't `` some assembly required '' scary enough without having to break out the belt sander?Average game time
 They must have changed the design of this toy because I played it 5 years ago as an occupational therapist and it was fantastic . We could get numerous pizza items to balance and my therapy kids loved it . I recently bought it for my own kids and every pizza item falls off . It 's frustrating and my girls lost interest quickly , which I ca n't blame them . It 's not fun to have the pizza tip after every turn . I will try and return this item .
 Poppa 's Pizza Pile UpThis game is well designed to frustrate anyone who plays it . It is almost impossible for an adult , much less a child , to balance the ingredients . The pizza very quickly falls off the figure 's finger no matter how careful the players are . Sorry I bought it .
 I have a very old version of this game . I use it with my speech therapy caseload . My students love it . I ordered this for my nieces for Christmas , thinking it would fun for them as well , but it is not the same . The toppings wo n't say on the pizza for more than 2 or three game turns . I wish the company would make it easier to balance like the original version . It looks the same but is &#34; not &#34; the same . I think it is made from a different kind of plastic or something like that . Extremely disappointed in the quality . Not worth the money at all !
 A great concept , but horrible since the pieces slide right off . This was a gift , so at least I did n't spend my money on it ! The game does not get played at our house but the pieces get used very frequently for sorting and kitchen play . So if you do have the game there is at least some good use for its pieces . I would strongly discourage people from purchasing this game . There are many other balancing type games out there .
 Unfortunately I had already purchased this game , then read all the negative reviews and figured that I would chance it ... what a mistake !!! This game is impossible and is a waste of money ! The concept was good but the design needs to be reworked or scrapped altogether . Do NOT buy this game ... if you really need it you can have mine !
 It looked like it would be such a fun game . VERY DISAPPOINTING . It really is n't possible to get more than 2 or 3 pieces on the pizza -LRB- if that . -RRB- My 4 yr . old actually started crying and my 7 yr old was so frustrated . I do n't understand why Int ' l Playthings did n't figure this out before they put it on the shelf ?!
 Please , do n't waste your money . I bought this game for my daughter . She loves to help me to make a real pizza , so I sought this game will be perfect for her . Neither me , 31 with university degree , nor my husband , 30 with college degree , could put even one piece on the pizza . Everything was sliding down immediately . Later that night my husband 's sister , 26 with masters degree , had the same success . We returned this toy to the store the very next day . What a waste .
 The box says that this game is for 4-7 year olds . When my 4 yr old son got this last year we discovered that the box could n't even read 30 years and up . Both my hubby and my brother tried to play this game unsuccessfully . The problem is that the pizza surface is too slick and the pieces will not stay balanced up there . The toppings though are really well made and Isaac had fun making pretend pizza with them but we were never able to play the game . it was a disappointment b/c it looked so cute . We bought Topple instead this year , which is the same concept .
 None of the toppings have a chance of staying on the pizza except the one that is placed directly in the middle . The pizza is way to tipsy for any fun at all and the toppings are made of hard plastic . Trying to think of a way to modify to use it ... should just send it back .
 I bought this thinking it would be fun for my 4-year-old , but he quickly became discouraged . The pieces slide off so easily that he was almost immediately disqualified , according to game rules . His dad and I found it difficult as well . You have to pile all the game pieces in the middle very carefully to get anywhere with this one . Where was the quality control when they invented this ?!
 We bought this for my 4 year old son and he became quickly frustrated with the game . The surface of the pizza is very slick thus not allowing any pieces to stay on top of it . It becomes quickly unbalanced if you do manage to keep any toppings on . Both my husband and I found it difficult as well . It looks and sounds wonderful but it was n't a hit in our home .
 The concept is good . There are many mechanical problems with the . The `` touchscreen '' should be renamed the `` hit-screen '' , as I found it difficult to touch it ... I had to press very hard to get it to work . My son , who is only 7 months old , can not make it work.My son enjoyed it from 3-6 months , until it broke . The screen froze and the motor kept on trying to rotate the picture . I took the batteries out and back in again , and it still did n't work.I called the Discovery Channel and they said because it was not bought from them , I would have to contact the store who sold it to me . I contacted Tuesday Morning , and they had a 45 day return policy and said to contact the manufacturer . For a $ 80 toy , Discover Channel should have some type of warranty ... I still have the receipt and box and they would n't do anything . For a toy that is less than 6 months old and in great condition , I think this is very unfair . I will never but from them again .
 I would not recommend this toy or any other from this manufacturer . The quality was horrible . It is designed for a child from 0-36 months but the toy will not stand on its own , is very bulky and hard to handle and does not do what it says . From the minute it was taken out of the box the touch screen did n't work and it did not advance through the pictures . By the 3rd use it would n't even turn on . My son is only 4 months old not exactly able to handle it roughly.Not only is the toy shoddy quality , the manufacturer will not stand by their product . Since this was received as a gift there is no receipt and can not be returned to a store . I was given the run around by the customer service department and told unless I can show it was bought directly from them they would not accept a return or issue a credit for their store . At $ 80 per toy this is hardly worth the money or the aggravation . I will never buy another of their products due to the `` policy '' they have about not standing by what they make .
 We hoped this would be a fun , stimulating toy for our then 10 month old . Christmas morning came , we tried it , and the touch-screen buttons did n't work . Received a new one and the buttons worked but only if you pressed very hard on one particular spot . Also , there is not a lot going on , gets boring and redundant very fast .
 I bought this from Tues. . Morning and was excited about it . I paid 29.99 there so it was a good deal . I got home and started messing with it and was very disappointed after seeing how it worked . The concept is great ! But the follow through is way off . The `` touch screen '' is not a touch screen . You have to press very hard to activate the screen . Like , so har , that you finger gets sore from pressing . The monatage of pictures for the babies are beautiful with lovely sounds and great graphics . My vision impaired son loved it and liked the sounds it made . But when you moved the toys on tot he next stage it was not back lit . It only lit up and flashed which was annoying and it would wait for you to press the screen for a response . Not a kid friendly toy at all . I do n't know why they do n't have parents test these things out .
 I received this toy as a gift for my son . I thought the concept was pretty cool and was excited to try it out with my child . First off , it truly is bulky and does not stand on it 's own . When my son was a newborn , I had to prop him up and hold the bulky toy up for him to see . When I tried the straps to clip it onto the crib , they broke after a couple days and I was worried the bulky piece of crap was going to fall on our baby . The touch screen is much to hard to push for a baby or even at this point my son is almost 10 months old and he still ca n't push it down . Sometimes it randomly turns on even after I changed the batteries . Most annoyingly of all , the screens catch on the scroller and scenes wo n't change . This appears to be a common problem from what I 've read . It is n't usable and our child loses interest in the toy quickly when it wo n't scroll . I have tried turning it off and back on again . It wo n't even turn off if it slips off the reel and I had to take the batteries out just to get it to stop.Don ' t waste your money . It 's complete junk and not worth the aggravation . If it actually worked , I think it would be a great toy . Obivously it does n't . Read other reviews for yourself !
 I HAD TO WRITE A REVIEW . . I GOT THIS AS A GIFT . . AND JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE NO RECIEPT . . WELL THE PRODUCT TURNED ON FOR 1 SECOND . . I CHANGED THE BATTERIES AND IT DID THE SAME THING . . BULL . . AND DISCOVERY LIKE EVERYONE ELSE WONT DO SHIT . . THIS IS BULL . . IT HARD EFFORT HAVING A BABY TO CARE FOR , NEVER MIND HAVING COMPANYS DO THIS SHIT .
 I bought this for my 14 mo. old and it is way too small . He is too tall for it . It runs on D batteries so it is very slow . It is also cheaply made . Not a good product !!!
 This was not bought has a toy . It was for our Daughter that is getting marryed . This way they can start their new lives out with a gift from my husband and I. Maybe some day in the furture they can have fun with them .
 I got this toy for my birthday not too long ago and I tried using the keys to open the lock on the diary . Sadly the Key broke and I could not get the diary open . My father had to ripe the lock part out of the diary and I now had an unsecure diary again ! -LRB- sigh -RRB- I really reccomend not getting this toy Unless you are buying it unlocked ! ovber all almost all of it is really pretty.Georgina
 I am very happy i bought this toy for 13.00 and was shipped free because i would have been even more disappointed than i already am . I bought it for my 1 year old nephew and thank goodness he dont weigh a lot or this toy would not work at all . It uses up batteries very quickly and overall is not very fun . I will say though , that it is cute to look at . I hope others who have bought this has had better luck with it .
 I have finally given this baby as a gift , I have to say that it 's not what was expected . Her hair was a mess , I tried brushing with a soft bristle baby brush but the hair continues to come out . The babies face is not the same as the one in the picture , as I had stated in an earlier review , not the baby I was expecting to have her hair falling out , she will be bald before long , and that does not make me a happy customer !
 Do not waste your time on this doll if you want it to look like the website pictures . Nothing close ! Very disappointing to spend over $ 100 for a doll that is not at all like the website photos . They should not be allowed to advertise these dolls with the photos they currently use . They really should use the actual doll they are sending . We sent the dolls back right when they were delivered to our home .
 this bratz doll is very UGLy he looks GAY no buts about it !
 These Bratz dolls are horrible looking . My daughter received this doll for her birthday and I returned it . This kid looks like a mini gang-banger . There is nothing positive about this line . I hope that it is a phase that dies out quickly .
 These power rangers were 19.99 plus 9.00 shipping & handleing . There was a price on the box of 12.50 2 for 19.99 . Takes all the fun out when you get ripped off .
 Oh my gosh !! The directions are so long I have not gotten through them yet to learn how to play the game . Maybe they should put out a video on how to play . Right now I am trying to see if any of my nephews know how to play so they can teach us . Too many pieces , especially if you have little ones around .
 In all my years in ordering from Amazon , this is the first thing I have sent back.The wood was different shades of brown , unlike the picture . The &#34; sticks &#34; were thick and heavy , not too challenging.I thought
 I purchased this `` new '' board game and quickly found out it was a BORED game ! There is nothing new here . Same old premise . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money
 Purchased this game for my children -LRB- ages 12 & 13 -RRB- to play with my husband and I . The kids were not at all impressed . We love to play games as a family and we are always looking for new things to add to our list . This game did not make the `` must play '' list in our house .
 The MP3 players stink . They make moderately good interactive toys that move and blink heir lights . They do move a bit more than the i-dog or i-cat because they move their paws , when you move your hand around in front of them , not to the beat of the music . However , as speakers to listen to your music they are aweful . The speaker is scratchy sounding , full of treble , and does n't even pick up the softer and higher sounds of voices or whispered lyrics . Some songs I ca n't even tell which songs they are . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this `` outdoor '' table about 5 years ago . Keep in mind that I live in one of the mildest climates in the US
 The aluminum top surface starts pulling away from the bottom surface within 6 months , warping and blistering . The table then becomes unusable . It needs serious re-design and a recall needs issued ASAP .
 We loved this table for the single summer we were able to use it . Even with storage in the garage through the fall , winter , and spring , the surface began to delaminate and bubble , rendering the table useless . It was a tremendous waste of money for our family .
 I bought a very similar Stiga table made by Escalade . After one season the aluminum top started peeling away from the rest of the table . Escalade was no help at all .
 I wondered if there was any way to get the directions for the ` Finding Nemo ' game ? I bought it at a yard sale and did n't realize that the directions were n't there . Also , there are 47 instead of 50 tiles . Is it able to be played with that many . Since I have n't had a chance to play it yet , I was n't sure if I should keep it or toss it . Thank you in advance for your help .
 Not as good as I thought . It is heavy and after laying it over the pool table for just over 2 weeks it has started sagging at the center .
 The picture of the product shown online is misleading . It appears that it will fit on a standard size pool table but it is actually three inches too narrow . Additionally , it shows a frame attached to fit inside the table to raise the table platform above the pool table rails . Only the table is provided . The shipping was free and arrived within a week .
 Although the product itself is satisfactory , the shipper used by this seller is absolutely unacceptable . Consider ordering from a local dealer ; ordering online will cost a fortune !
 This product was very hard to assemble . We had to contact the manufacturer to help assemble it . It was purchased for Christmas and it took several days to get this thing assembled . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought this for my grandsons ` birthday ... 3 parts missing -LRB- Axles -RRB- essential for putting this together!Needless to say BIG dissapointment !!!
 the backboard is warped from the start . the rim does n't bolt up evenly , to make a true 90degree with the backboard . Ok for starters but do n't have high expectations . For the money , ... It 's ok .
 The item arrived promptly , sent in the factory carton , which was a thin , cheap quality cardboard that ripped open in transit and some of the pieces were missing !
 The rim bent as I was putting it together and as a result , the rim sits at an upright angle . The directions say to `` Completely tighten all Rim hardware . '' As I did so , the back of the rim bent and I had not applied undue pressure.I have sent company 2 emails but `` host server '' could not be found.I will call the company today .
 My 3 year old got this for his birthday and though it is quite impressive , it just would n't stay together . Perhaps it is more suitable for older children that are using it more for `` model '' purposes . It 's a beautiful set , just not sturdy enough for true , castle play !
 The individual pieces of this castle are lovely - solid wood , with handpainted stonework . Unfortunately , the fit between pieces is so poor , my kit can not hold together solidly , and is very wobbly . One innocent knight trying to see over the wall could bring the whole thing down!My castle is going back .
 This is a great and clever toy , however it is very poorly constructed and broke apart quickly , much to my son 's dismay . Melissa and Doug toys are wonderful and classic in their design , but as a general rule , do not hold up well to regular wear and tear .
 I purchased this fire truck for my grandson 's 3rd birthday . Within a week one of the axles broke off at the wheel . Not something easily fixed , if at all . I 've purchased two other toys from Melissa and Doug and both of them have broken within a week also.I 'm done with them .
 I gave this firetruck to my son for Christmas.After about 6 weeks the first glued-on piece came off . Now after 10 weeks I am ready to throw this expensive toy out , as pieces are coming off faster than I can glue them back on.We have a lot of Melissa & Doug toys , but this is by far the most expensive however cheapest designed one . Would not buy this again .
 :-LRB- My 2 year old twins loved this toy out of the box . Kept them busy for quite awhile . Until it fell apart . The light bar snapped off within hours of play even though it was n't rough play . Overall it is not a very sturdy item.Back to the drawing board with this one ! The latches are excellent learning tools , but the toy needs to be sturdily constructed in order to operate them.Cannot recommend this one .
 Purchased this product for my 3 year old daughter b/c I thought it would be a fun way to introduce the idea of food groups to her . She absolutely loves it and it is a great accompaniment to her Waldorf inspired all natural wood kitchen . The product however is not very durable and seems to be destroying very easily . We were a little disappointed when one of the crates broke and the paint began to chip off the food items within the first 3 weeks of receiving .
 I got this set for my son for Christmas and by January half of the food was chipped . It chips off a little every time he plays with it . It 's play FOOD , of all the painted wooden toys play food should not chip ! It 's really too bad because they 're so cute .
 We bought our almost 2-year-old son toy food from Melissa & Doug for Christmas and his birthday a few weeks later . Unfortunately , this food group set was the one item that we really were n't happy with . The reasons why we do n't like the food group set as well asMelissa & Doug Playtime VeggiesandMelissa & Doug Playtime Fruitsare :1 -RRB- The paint chips off and gets nicks and scratches . After only 4 months of use , many of the pieces had a lot of wear to the paint , looking visibly beat up , and we do n't currently have any young ones that like to put toys in their mouth . I ca n't imagine how much paint would come off if a child were to gnaw on it ! 2 -RRB- This set is wooden . The pieces feel much more artificial and are stiff and cold compared to the fruit and vegetable sets which are made of a durable plastic .3 -RRB- These pieces are not life-sized , especially the fruits . The banana is barely any longer than the onion is wide . This makes them less educational . By contrast , the fruit and vegetable sets are life-size . I would not recommend buying this toy food set , and I would be leery of any of Melissa & Doug 's wooden food -LRB- and unfortunately that 's what most of their food is -RRB- . I would , however , very highly recommendMelissa & Doug Playtime VeggiesandMelissa & Doug Playtime Fruits .
 We purchased this set for my two-year old daughter last Christmas . She loves it . However , we 've had to throw out roughly half the food as the paint started flaking off after about six months of use .
 This set does not live up to the Melissa and Doug name . I bought this set for his second birthday along with the step 2 kitchen . My son likes to ` mouth ' , still even at 3 , and pretend play with these wooden food pieces . The paint chipped off each piece and so I 've had to throw most of the set in the trash . Maybe this is common with wooden toy food , but if so then maybe it should say so on the packaging .
 I bought this because I wanted a safer product than plastic food . Well , the problem is that most of this food you can not even tell what kind of food it is . The detail is almost non-existent . The most identifiable food is the banana and even that is n't great . I am disappointed in these because I feel like my 18 month old ca n't identify most of the items . -LRB- I even struggle trying to figure some of them out ! -RRB- I also wished they included foods more common to a child ... like instead of a tomato -LRB- how many kids eat tomatoes -RRB- there should be an APPLE ! Anyway , I think these are poorly designed and poorly executed . WASTE of my money . I went off and bought the plastic more realistic looking food instead . One last thing , I hate that these are made in China ... I just do n't trust the toxicity of the paint used .
 The food is small and not realistic . The wedge of cheese had painted splinters of wood . I have only this to say to the manufacturer
 I am extremely disappointed in this product ! When I researched what play food to purchase for my granddaughter , I was certain that the Melissa & Doug wooden food surpassed the many plastic varieties in quality and authenticity . I WAS WRONG ! The hot dog was dark brown -LRB- looked burnt ! -RRB- and did not have a bun to go with it . The orange is a solid wood , orange ball -LRB- with no dimples or indentations to designate that it is an orange -RRB- that could easily be used as a lethal weapon and could CERTAINLY break a window or a TV screen ! -RRB- Many of the pieces were unrecognizable - our family made a game out of trying to determine what some of the items were -LRB- is it a bottle of milk or a chicken leg ?? -RRB- The colors on the food items are not even close to being real , so therefore the children do n't have a clue what they are . Very little effort was put into making the food items look authentic -LRB- the slice of bread was monochromatic - all white w/no darker color to simulate the crust . -RRB- OVERALL , I would never recommend this item to anyone . THIS is definitely NOT the Melissa & Doug quality that we expected . Luckily , my daughter-in-law also purchased a 100-piece assortment of plastic food !
 The wooden food was sturdy enough but the crates that they were in were all broken . This is what divided them into &#34; food groups &#34; We did glue all back together but was very cheap and thin wood .
 My wife and I are very pro Montessori and felt that the wooden toy products were the way to go for our two toddlers . However , after having purchased a number of the M&D pieces , we were very disappointed to see the paint chipping off within only a couple weeks of our kids using them . For the cost , we expected these would survive at least a year of some wear and tear , but that wo n't be the case . Will look for another brand in the future that 's worth more for our buck .
 Just got it today and am unimpressed with how small and obviously fake the play food is . The pieces are unrealistically small . Does n't come close to the other food that Melissa & Doug makes . Pretty disappointed . The fish is so small that I think it should have been thrown back into the river .
 I bought this food set thinking the wooden version would be more durable , safer , etc. . . than the plastic food . However , the paint chips off in large pieces every time it is dropped . I do n't feel that it is safe because my son gets paint chips on his hands , could eat them , and is tempted to peel off more paint from the toys as they chip . They look great initially , but I would not recommend them .
 I loved the idea of this product . Very educational -LRB- sorting the food into their food groups -RRB- and nice looking , realistic , healthy foods . I was very dissapointed however with the quality of the product . The tomato -LRB- which is a sphere -RRB- got a huge crack in it , and quite a few of the other foods had knicks and cracks . I returned the product and now hesitate buying Melissa and Doug foods . I should say that we do own many Melissa and Doug products already , but this one might have changed our mind about the workmanship of the wood for little children .
 For the 60 seconds that our son 's X-EC Diversion flew , it was a lot of fun . -LRB- as is just about any RC plane these days -RRB- From there it was all downhill , however . Nothing but nonsense for four straight weeks.So in that first flight , the propellor fell off mid-flight and caused the plane to crash . Defective product . -LRB- Strike 1 -RRB- MegaTech insisted that we pay for shipping to return their defective plane . On realizing the next day after shipping all parts back to them , we realized we had inadvertantly also sent our $ 30 worth of new high-capacity Sony NiMH AA batteries back , too , still in the remote . On the phone -LRB- before they even received the returned plane -RRB- they told us it would be no problem for them to return our batteries with the replacement plane . Then our replacement plan finally arrived back -- only without our expensive batteries . -LRB- Strike 2 -RRB- We called them asking about it , and they denied ever having received any phone call on the subject and claimed they never saw our batteries . They offered to send their own lesser quality AA NiMH batteries to remedy their error . Fine -- their mistake , although they would n't have nearly the same charging capacity . After waiting a week still not having received their lesser quality replacement batteries and anxious to try the plane , we decided to use regular alkaline AA batteries . Unfortunately it turns out that they neglected to send out either of the two * plane * battery packs -LRB- a proprietary type -RRB- and I had n't noticed their absence upon first opening the replacement package . Not having left the package anywhere near kids or anyone else though , I knew with certainty that they had left them out altogether . -LRB- Strike 3 -RRB- My wife called them and they accused her of lying -- they would * never * make the mistake of sending a sealed package without batteries ! -LRB- `` We test fly * every * plane ! '' -RRB- And yet they simply had . They then told her they would only send one replacement battery -LRB- instead of the original two ; approx . 1 oz each and the size of a quarter -RRB- if she would pay an exorbitant shipping fee . After I called and explained the situation I was likewise implicitly accused of lying.Needless to say after all this , we will never purchase -LRB- nor allow our children to purchase -RRB- any MegaTech product again . Their quality and customer support are substandard as evidenced here .
 It does n't land , it crashes . The wings are so thin they crack and about 4 days after Christmas , it has become a bad memory.Tower Hobbies sells almost the same thing for about $ 35.00 and looks to be a much better product .
 Not as pictured ... bottle , frame and box are tiny and made of cheap plastic . Do not waste your money .
 Although my 4 year old enjoys the games and originally bought this for my first son at 5 years , there was some sort of short with the cord and game . If they move when playing the game , it shuts off . I tried to return it to Target , but , it was over the time period for their return policy . I do not have confidence in buying this system or other products made by v tech .
 Had the tv system years ago - son loved it , and it was very educational , therefore I gave the few star rating . After a year or so , it kept malfunctioning , and though we got rid of the system , we kept the games and got this portable version for $ 25 -LRB- after Thanksgiving sale -RRB- . Son played with it for a day , then it completely stopped working . Had to return it to the store , but they do n't do exchanges , so in order to get a new replacement , I 'd have to have purchased it for the full price of $ 56 , which I was NOT doing . Therefore I 'm stuck with 10 vsmile games , and I do n't think I want to deal with buying anymore vsmile products . Too bad though - their products ARE educational and fun , and though sturdy - makes no sense if it does n't work ...
 We bought two of these this year for my 3 year old and my 4 year old daughter 's for Christmas . How disappointing was it for one to work out of the box but the second one to not work AT ALL !? Then after about an hour of my oldest daugther playing with hers it just stopped working . When my husband was trying to see what the problem may be he realized the rear , battery section was SUPER HOT . He opened it up and the batteries were MELTING !!! This appears to be a problem with the Vsmile Pocket 's either not working at all or having a short . I 'm not sure why they have not been recalled and fixed . I did n't check reviews on it before I bought it but had I , well , I would 've went with the Leapster . Parents beware .
 We bought this toy in October O8 for my grandson for Christmas . I took it out to put batteries in it and it blue screened . It did not work at all . So I went through the trouble shooting and then called Vtech on December 9 08 . They said they would send a call tag to pick up the game and when they get it back they will ship me a new one . Well today is the 16th and still no call tag . I called again today because there is no way a new one will be here by Christmas if I have to wait for them to get me a tag and wait for it to get to them before they ship UPS ground for Christmas . It 's their policy they keep saying . Then I asked to talk with the supervisor and was told the Sup would call me at 5:30 central time today . No such call happened . I am fed up with this company and will no longer buy their products .
 I have had three of these and most did n't work right out of the box ! We also have the leapster and it works great ! BUY THE LEAPSTER !
 I have had to replace my sons darn thing every 6 months . And the home version about also . I say about because the first one lasted 4 months and the second one 8 . So the average is six . He is not a toy destroyer either . He has a Nintendo DS and a Playstation 2 . Both of them for years , and they are n't even designed for kids . I just like thse because he learns playing them , so he 's limited on his PS2 and DS . I really like the concept but the quality really sucks . Now his Vflash , the new one from Vtech , died yesterday after we just bought him two more games for christmas . And their customer support really sucks so .
 My daughter got it for Christmas last year . It broke in two & half month . Such a waist ! :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 A couple years ago I purchased the TV version of this , along with about 15 games . The system did not work , so I took it back for a new one . That still did not work right , so I purchased the hand held version . That one had a short in it , so I took it back for a second one . That one worked for maybe 3 or 4 minutes at a time -LRB- after you spent 10 minutes trying to get it to work -RRB- , so I sent it in for a new one . My 3rd one -LRB- and 5th V Smile system -RRB- still does not work right - it still acts like it has a short in it , like the others I had . I have spent literally hours trying to get these to work - with no luck . My kids are dying to play all these great games , but we ca n't get any system to work . I would NEVER purchase this product - I have spent a bunch of time andmoney on this and my children have gotten zero play time out of it .
 We went throught 2 pocket v-smiles and 2 regular -LRB- tv hook-up -RRB- v-smiles . All died very quickly - the only reason we purchased a second of each is because of the investment we made in game cartridges - but we give up now , it just is n't worth it ! We instead purchased a Fisher-Price IXL and have been very happy with it ! I would go with any brand other than v-tech .
 I have purchased 6 vsmile , and/or vsmile cyberpockets and all of them have stopped working shortly after purchase . I have tried using only batteries , only the 9volt plug in , and still the system shuts down , and never powers up again . So disappointing . I have 10 games that are useless to my kids , because the machines are junk . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't buy this toy , it will turn on , but wo n't play any of the games , makes my son very upset . I hear the leapster works better
 I have bought 2 of these things . Becaus my kid loves it ... when it works . I am amazed at how much went wrong with thse 2 items . The first one did not function properly . The adaptor plug contact in the unit did not function so we had to run it off batteries . So it was 2-3 dollars a day to run it because you could not get a home power source . Unit number 2 had the same problem . We had also bought the large non portable unit , so I guess that is 3 units total , but the controller on the home nonportable unit broke in a few weeks of use which is why we went to the portable units.They are somewhat touchy , sometimes the unit works , sometimes it does n't . Specifically , the insert programs wear out fairly quickly . Well some do . Others last for the year we have had it . High variability in the insertble program units . We bought 12-15 of the programs so we have a statistical sample of what I am relating . Our child palys with this thing every other day for the past year . We bought the second portable unit because the first protable just died and did not work at all after a few weeks . We also bought the insurance on the second unit because the first unit died soon after purchse . This cost $ 12 for a year . We went to make a claim . Toys-are-us had told us when we bought it that if there was a problem we could bring the unit to Toys are us with the receipt and they would exchange it on the spot , no questions asked . When I went to do the exchange on the second unit and brought the receipt ... because having lived through the first unit , I knew what was coming for the problems described herein , Toys are us then changed their tune and said we had to send the unt back to the manufacturer . The second unit also had the same adaptor plug problem and had to run exclusively on batteries . All three of these units had extremely short useful lives . Each had numerous problems in function . They are garbage in terms of manufacture . My problem is that they worked they were fabulous . My kid learned lot of vocabulary and eye hand coordination . They are just the best ... when they work . I have enquired of other parents who basically had the same experience as I . So if you are going to buy this , just expect a short , plague filled , life span of the product . Obviously we are not going to buy another , and I will find something else to occupy the child 's time . Also I hope people write accurate product descriptions so these problems can be forseen and avoided .
 I purchased this a while back -LRB- actually forgotten I owned it -RRB- . It was shelved due to the bad graphics . For example when playing Winnie the Pooh , you can actually see ` several ' pooh 's as you move him around the screen . Similarly the trees and other items in the background sort of ` multiply ' as you move around ... kind of similar to a high graphics game played on a computer that is short on memory . Of course my kid enjoyed this toy , until I tried it myself - and wasted no time getting ` rid ' of it . If you do not have the problem I described here on your purchase , good for you , otherwise I would not recommend purchasing this item . Screen scratches easily too - for an item that is supposed to be designed to be used ` on the move ' -LRB- I do own over a dozen toys from Vtech and am very satisfied with most -RRB-
 Beware of the V-Smile Handheld . I have owned two ... the first one seemed to have some sort of short right out of the package . The second one seemed to work for a while , but now that it has been a year , it is no longer working at all . Meanwhile we 've had the leapster for 4 years and it still works great . The Leapster feels much more sturdy , inserting and removing the discs in the V-Smile seems very iffy .
 I purchased this as a Xmas gift for my 3 y.o. . It is already broken . She did n't do anything unusual , it just stopped . I also bought the charging dock , and that could be part of the problem . All I know is that it is sitting in a closet not working and it was n't cheap . I would not recommend this at all .
 I loved the concept of this toy , Teaching with games . But I bought both the v-smile and the v-smile pocket and have been disappointed . The quality of this toy is really bad . It lasted a few hours before turning off on its own . The home version of the system was a bit more resilient . It lasted a few months . Now I have to click on the `` on '' button a few dozen times before it works . The pocket version is just plain bad . I have had a lot of trouble getting it to work with batteries . I works better with the 9v wall adapter , unless you move a little then it resets itself . I bought my daughter a leapster for Christmas . Hopefully that one works better . Will post later on that one .
 I 've gone through at least 3 or 4 Vsmiles in the past 2 years . After normal use , the systems start having glitches and stop working . I thought it was just my kids , because they love their vtech and leapsters . -LRB- BYW not one leapster has broken yet -RRB- . I 've come to the conclusion that if you have a vpocket and your kids like playing with it , you should expect it to die very soon . I considered buying the cyber pocket but the reviews on that are worse ... their newer model . Also the AC adapters for the vpocket do n't work with the games !! so I had to constantly put in batteries . If I want them to play with their many games I 've bought them , , , , I 'd have to keep buying their handheld systems every few months ... no one likes being loaded with a money pit .
 I 've had this portable machine for a few years , so durability was not a problem for me , but when I ordered a second one in 2009 I was shocked to see how different it was -- it 's much smaller than the one I have and the screen went from 4 '' to 3 '' -- a big difference -- I 'm disappointed -- I do n't want my children straining to see this little screen , but we 'll see how it goes ...
 If you 're writing a five star review and you 've had it for about ten minutes , keep going . I bet a million dollars that in 3 or 4 months or even a bit beyond that it just stops working for no apparent reason . These are not cheap , and I have bought two , one for my daughter and one for my son . My sons -LRB- the oldest , bought it first -RRB- lasted longer than my daughters at about 6 months , then my daughters did not even make it to the three month mark . Of course , they both fritzed out at the same time otherwise I would not have bought my daughters if my sons had stopped working . I 'd much rather have bought a different game consol for them . . Very disappointing .
 They toy is great fun but BEWARE it is wobbly on its legs so you must be careful around siblings that may be younger . And the worst part is this is the first lite brite outside of the travel one that runs on batteries alone !!!!! and it takes 6 D batteries . It eats throught them very quickly and makes it very difficult to keep up with . BEWARE OF THIS TOY UNTIL THEY ADD AN ADAPTER PLUG AND STRONGER LEGS !!!!!!!
 This was given as a Christmas gift to my 41/2 year old . We also have a 2 year old that likes to play with her sister and all her toys . Of course , we watch her with the small pegs , however , that was not the problem . I walked out of the room for , no kidding , 30 seconds , came back to my 2 year old colored BLUE ! She had taken one of the markers and drew all over herself . OK , I take blame for that given I was out of the room , however , THE MARKS DO NOT COME OFF HER SKIN !!!!! I tried EVERYTHING -LRB- hairspray , vaseline , plain soap and warm water , alcohol based products , fingernail polish remover , scrubbing , etc. etc. -RRB- NOTHING WORKED . Nothing . It just has to wear off . PLEASE toy manufacturers - PLEASE - use washable markers when making products like this .
 To begin with ... this thing is ENORMOUS ! Where on earth am I going to store it ? Second ; this requires 6 size D batteries ! At $ 6 for a pack of four , that starts to add up -LRB- seeing as my child NEVER remembers to shut it off -RRB- . Third ; the markers do n't wash off -LRB- BTW , * what * is the point of markers combined with lite-brite ? -RRB- . Fourth ; little pegs all over the place ! And Last ; the novelty of sticking pegs into little holes wears off fast . I ca n't wait to dump this one in the trash .
 Worst yoyo ever . Sleep time is about 10 seconds . You can bid farewell to all tricks.Gap is extremely narrow which causes the string to touch the sides easily and the yoyo tilts completely.Get the FAST 201 or Protostar or NorthStar or DieNasty Glow or a G5 .
 This yoyo broke the first time my child used it . It fell part . It was very very very very porly made toy .
 This would be a great toy - although definitely requires adult supervision -- if it would only last for more than an hour without getting a mortal tear . We kept it on the grass but it still ripped . If it would hold up , it would be great fun for kids . They all loved it while it lasted . It is wonderful exercise and fun . Also , the marketer should DEFINITELY alert potential buyers that they will need an `` industrial strength '' pump to pump it up . I had to drive all over town and finally found a kind car garage manager that pumped it up for me with a mega air pump , as none of our pumps did the trick . Then I had to smush it in my van to transport it back .
 I bought this for my two children -LRB- 6,8 -RRB- for Christmas and they were super-excited because the summer before they had played with a fun roller that was owned by our neighbors . They had enjoyed hours of fun on the fun roller with their neighbor friends and could n't wait until spring when we could out ours on the yard . However , when spring came and we put it on our soft , green grass it got a hole in it within 2 hours . It was just our two daughters playing with it and I was very disappointed in the lack of quality of the toy . We bought the identical one that our neighbors had and for some reason this one did not last an afternoon and the neighbors lasted an entire summer . Maybe they `` cheapened '' up the quality ?? Not sure but it is not a good purchase . Do not waste your time on this toy .
 Very disappointed because it would not stay inflated for the kids to play with . Definitely would n't purchase this again . Also , not as big a looks in picture .
 We bought this as an Easter present , so the `` Easter Bunny '' stayed up late to get it blown up and ready for the kids to see the next morning . But as soon as it was aired up , we realized that it had a hole . After trying to use the patch kit , it was still leaking . We never got to use it .
 This toy was a Christmas gift . It had a hole before New Year 's eve . Found the leak and patched it , but now it loses air again . Definitely not worth $ 40 . Going in the trash this week .
 I should have listened to the reviews panning this toy . I blew it up and noticed later that it had a slow leak . I did n't call the company because I had it for 3 weeks already and had no receipt . My grandkids , 31/2 and 4 , did n't even care for it .
 Box consists of colored paper , stickers , and a small booklet on how to fold with no words.It is very hard to figure out and I doubt a 6 year old could do it . My 7.5 year old could n't . By the time I could figure it out the novelty wore off . Now I just have an over priced box of colored paper.You could probably go on the internet for free and find ways to fold paper into airplanes .
 The box consisted of a little instruction booklet on how to fold airplanes , several pages of randomly themed paper , and a sheet of stickers . I expected each sheet of paper to be preprinted with folding lines , and 1-2-3 instructions , since it is recommended for a six year old . They are not . We had to start with a blank sheet of paper , and follow the instructions and small pictures in the booklet . Of course , my six year old wanted to do it himself , but he was not able to get the folds perfect enough or in the right place . My nine year old even had trouble doing it . I ended up making several of these before giving up on it . ** Tip 1 ** We ended up going on one of the free paper airplane websites and printing the folding lines for various types of airplanes directly on the themed paper that was provided with this kit . Use a ruler on the fold line to keep your folds straight . A second sheet of paper prints with easy instructions on how to complete the airplane , and tips for flying it . ** Tip 2 ** Do n't let your kids go crazy with the stickers ... Too many , and it wo n't fly straight . The paper is light weight , and the stickers are relatively heavy and large ... Just one more thing that detracts from the fun of this product . I could have went to my local craft score and bought 18 sheets of better looking paper for around $ 5 .
 This item says its for a 6 + year old , but there is NO WAY a 6 year old could follow these directions because there are NO FOLD LINES on the paper . The `` kit '' is just sheets of brightly colored paper and 1 sheet of stickers . VERY disappointed that this was mislabeled , and definitely not worth the price .
 I bought this for our grandchildren , ages 5 & 6 , and how frustrating it was for them . The paper is good quality but it makes it difficult for little ones to make the folds once they get beyond the basics . I would say do n't even read the instructions just follow the pictures as best you can .
 Bought this for my 8 year old and he had a very difficult time folding these planes himself . The paper is very nice and heavy but it made folding the planes even more difficult . The instruction booklet is n't very helpful either . Would not buy again .
 I purchased this product for my 8 year old nephew . He loves following along w / You Tube vids and making paper planes , hats , and boats . For the price , I figured we 'd try it . What I found disappointing was that the instruction booklet is quite small and not very kid friendly . My nephew really enjoys reading and following directions on his own . Even when he enlisted the help of an adult , it just did n't hold his interest . The paper is great quality and does indeed have awesome decorations . The kit itself was pretty underwhelming . It is sheets of the decorative paper , loose in a box , with a very dry looking , small instruction book . Maybe if the instruction booklet were bigger and had some color pics?In the end , he 's got some cool paper to use for other projects . Probably would not purchase this item again .
 The paper is really nice and colorful , but the instructions are hard to follow because they are just pictures and it 's hard to tell which way the paper needs to be folded .
 The directions for this product are next to useless . They give very short cryptic directions in 4 languages with the result that they are not intelligible in any of them . Would not recommend this product !
 This was bought for our 23 year old son as a Christmas gift . He loves to play the game with his friends . The product , although old was in very good shape . He and his friends are probably have a good time wanting to kill each other while playing `` Diplomacy . '' Personally , I do not like to play the game .
 Do n't waste your money , the toys are n't worth not even for display , i had mine and i was let down by the quality of the product
 I bought this thing for my grandson ,8 years old.He is totally into Star Trek.It looked real good on the picture , but when I got see it in real , it was another matter.Talk about cheap crap ! It should n't have cost more than 10 bucks.I ca n't believe they have the nerve to charge 100 bucks for it.I 've sent it back , and got my money back.Star Trek The Next Generation Starship Enterprise Collector 's EditionI see by this link , they already dropped it by 20 bucks since Christmas.If they drop it another 60 I might buy it .
 I thought this would be a cool thing for a 1st grader who loves Sponge Bobbut , it 's really for the Sesame Street , preschool age child . What a waste .
 My daughter got this as a Christmas gift , and within 2 weeks it stopped working . We took the foot panel off and found the wire connecting the batteries came off . While soldering that one back on the other came off . A week later it stopped working again ... I 'm on to the other foot . No wonder they do n't make it anymore and we ca n't even exchange it . This bear caused my daughter more crying than playing .
 My daughter got this as a Christmas gift , and within 2 weeks it stopped working . We took the foot panel off and found the wire connecting the batteries came off . While soldering that one back on the other came off . A week later it stopped working again ... I 'm on to the other foot . No wonder they do n't make it anymore and we ca n't even exchange it . This bear caused my daughter more crying than playing .
 We looked for a trash truck that our 4 year old boy could play with . On the surface , the Bruder looked the part . Not as cartoon-looking as some , the fact that it looked like a real trash truck but had few obvious breakable parts made it seem like an ideal choice.Actual play testing though shows this product is n't very well-built , at least not enough to withstand normal wear and tear . This truck was n't subjected to being thrown down the stairs , jumped on , etc. . It 's been just played with , but it started coming apart quickly.The hinged door in the back of the truck is a poor design . The plastic hinges on the truck are too thin , and break easily . The plastic hinges on the door start to bend after multiple open/closes , and the plastic weakens and breaks off.The hinged front compartment and rear sections are difficult to operate , and stick easily . Items put into the cab -LRB- like the essential green army man who drives the truck -RRB- easily get caught in here and are very difficult to remove.Worse though is the key point of this toy , the ability to latch the trash can to the lifting/dumping mechanism . This is way to complex for a child , and the intricacy in getting a solid connect is difficult even for an adult . If it 's not hooked up right , the can falls off when you try to lift it ; very frustrating.Some little pieces -LRB- rear view mirror , etc -RRB- broke off easily and early on , but we kind of expected this . The parts were simply too small and fragile to last long . I do n't hold this part against the design ; part of the attraction was that it looked like a real truck , and I do n't think there 's an easy way to add small details without some fragility.While this is orignally was one of my sons favorite toys , he ca n't really play with it the way he 'd like to . While he still enjoys driving it around the house , he ca n't pick up the trash and dump it without an adults help , and that 's a shame.For the price , I expected so much more .
 My three year old loved this truck . But after only two weeks the entire back end broke off . Cheap plastic hinges ! I would not recommend this truck if your child wants to play with it .
 I bought this garbage truck for my 3 year old son . He was thrilled when he saw it and for the first time he played with a toy by himself for more than an hour ! HOWEVER after an hour the back end was broken as well as the mirrors and he got very upset . This truck looks great , but it is not durable . If it was $ 10 that would n't be a problem but for $ 60 it should have lasted for more than an hour !
 Bought for my son 's 3rd birthday . He has other trash trucks and loves them . This one arrived and was opened on his birthday . Although he was happy , I was disappointed . It was not heavy weight plastic , but rather flimsy and brittle . the biggest problems were that the two trash containers do not stay still on the back loader and fall off . they also do n't fit in the flimsy slots where they are supposed to be attached to when lifting them for emptying . Also , the compactor is not like a real truck design but two red cheap plastic spiral screw-type mechanism that 's totally un-realistic . Wish we did n't tear open the box , so that I could return it .
 My boys -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- were so excited for this garbage truck but now it just makes them cry . When they lift the back to dump the garbage it always gets stuck up and I have to come and struggle with it to put it back down . Very dissapointed . I would definately not recommend this toy .
 i sent this to my 4 year old grandson as a gift . He was so excited . However the garbage cans were broken . My daughter contacted Amazon and was told to send back or `` buy '' new cans . Sending back would have been heart breaking for my grandson . So she bought new cans . The truck was expensive . I am very disappointed that there was an additional expense .
 after a week of playing with the bruder garbage truck it broke i dont know if it is the toy or my grandson and i dont know if i can and where to send it to be repaired . my grandson really like the toy very much .
 Do n't buy this toy - we waited 1.5 years to decide our son was old enough for such an expensive toy and it arrived broken - 7 days before Christmas - we are heartbroken ... I would buy it in the store and save yourself the heartache ...
 I bought this model station online and the light did n't ' work at all !! I used batteries and it did n't work also it did n't come with a power adapter ! it took a few months -LRB- after complaining back and forth -RRB- to get my money back ! stay away from this product !!
 Over all the product was very good , how ever I find the lens hard to use and at times the magnifying part is not enough for the detailed work that I need to do . The light also has issues at times it will not turn on after switching on the switch and will not come on till I either move the arm or tap it . The item is well built and durable , but for the price I might have been better served buying a large cutting matt and a large stand magnifyer with light .
 My son truly enjoys gardening and the work that goes into it . We ordered this for him to actually use in the garden . Let 's say that items in picture are not actual size . The tools are too small for a 5 year old to use . They are good quality and would stand the abuse , but they are small . . in the 4 inch or less range . I would qualify this as a novelty item not a set of useful tools . I would simply buy tools and use the bag , but it would n't hold anything larger than the included items . This will become a gift to a 2 year old instead of what it was intended for.Be forewarned , these are too small for small hands and an adult would n't stand a chance of using them .
 Rounded with tools , the tote is about 7 '' long . Ridiculous . Too small for even a three-year-old , though I 'll give it to her because it is cute and well-constructed .
 As a huge magic AND a huge WoW fan , I looked all over for this game thinking it would be the best of both worlds ... unfortunately , it 's the worst of both.Beware the HUGE imbalance of hero cards/decks in this game . It 's obvious that the game was not properly put through its paces before it was run out the door . Upper Deck should be ashamed of the poor play-balancing . Outside of that complaint -LRB- which makes the game itself useless -RRB- , the art is so-so compared to other CCGs and the rule-book absolutely ABYSMAL.Do yourself a favor and purchase a properly put-together CCG -LRB- I do n't care which one you choose , just choose something other than Heroes of Azeroth -RRB- .
 I wanted the learning experience of puzzles for my 2 year old , but there is one big flaw in this toy , the pictures dont appear under each piece , so once they are all out of place , my toddler cant find a way to put them back . I was very dissaponted by this , I dont like putting it together myself , its way too complicated for a child . She is not interested in these puzzles at all , I feel lve wasted my money .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter thinking it would be similar to the Lite Brite my children had . The disappointment started when you could not push the pins thru . We had two grown men trying as well and we all found it was way to difficult especially for a toddler.I would not recommend this at all .
 I like Knex in general , but I was very disappointed that this set only contains one battery operated motor . The description says three motors , but two of them are spring motors . For the price I expected a lot more . This set is over 4 times as expensive as the 425 pice value tub , but has less than 2 times as many pieces .
 The toy is cheaply made and the doll is not as beautiful as the bigger Sky Dancer dolls that fly . The dress and wings are made of paper plastic and falls apart . I do n't recommend buying this product .
 My 4 year old daughter loves every item with the Disney 's princess . We got it for xmas but while putting it together , we were very dissappointed w/the quality of the plastic . This is an expensive toy and should have better material . The sounds are fun but we do n't recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this kitchen for my 2 year old daughter for Christmas this year . The oven door broke on the very first day she played with it . The door on the right hand side never closed properly either . One of the tea cups and one of the hooks where you can hang the phone or a kitchen utensil broke within the first month . It is made of a cheap hard plastic . Toys like this need to be ready to take a beating !! After keeping this toy for approx . 1 month I returned it to the retailer where I purchased it . I learned a lesson here ... . Do your homework before making a purchase like this . I am looking for something more durable at this time .
 We bought this for my 3 year old daugther who loves the Disney Princesses . What a dissapointment . The peices do not fit together properly . After one week the voices and sounds do n't work . Yes I know that is my fault for not paying closer attention when she got water in the cups and then spilled it , but her previous kitchen was waterproof and she could use water with it.This is just a poorly made product . It 's adorable looking but if your going to buy your little girl a kitchen there are ones out there that are worth your money this is n't one of them .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughters birthday and it is very cheaply made . The pieces do not connect correctly , My daughter ca n't open the oven door so she ends up dragging it across my floor . When I force the over open it detaches and the cabinet door just falls right off once it is opened . It is more of a pain and frustrates my child more than anything . This is defiantly not worth the money . You can buy a much cheaper one of better quality . I plan to call disney customer service and make a complaint .
 My daughter does enjoy this kitchen - however , it is NOT worth the money ! Within a few days one of the knobs on the oven fell off as did the faucet for the sink . Also , it 's made out of cheaper grade plastic and is not very durable . Although my daughter does have fun with the kitche , I 'd definitely spend the extra money to get her a step 2 or little tikes one that is more durable .
 I 'm so disappointed that Disney would put their name to this product . First , there is no reason why there should be so many pieces that we have to put together . The base of this kitchen should really be in two or three pieces , not 20 . The quality is soooo poor and shotty . I would rather spend a little more on a Pottery Barn Kids Kitchen , that will at least hold up and look nicer . Little girls will love it no matter what but it is so cheap it will fall apart in the first month or so ... not worth it !
 I thought this toy would be great for our 31/2 year old daughter who picked it out on a recent jaunt to Toys R Us . It sits in our apartment collecting dust . She is typically a child who is imaginative and remains engaged for lengthy periods of time when something interests her and this captured her attention for all of 10-15 minutes . Now it just takes up space . Do n't know how much this review will help anyone because the toy does everything that it promises and it was quite easy to assemble . It does n't `` promise '' to engage my child which is a good thing because it falls way short of doing that .
 I bought this kitchen for my 3 and 4 year old . It took me five hours to figure out how to put it together and then as soon as I finished it was pretty much coming apart . The oven door does not stay in and can be pulled out very easily and the plastic in the oven door came out of ours . I am now looking for a kitchen that will last more than a week .
 I bought this for my daughters 3rd Birthday . She has just about every other `` Disney Princess '' toy made . I 've always been happy with the Disney Toys . However , this kitchen is cheaply made and a BIG Dissapointment.I 'll start with the phrase `` SOME assembly required '' You are basically putting this thing together yourself ... Minus installing the wiring for the battery and the lightbulb . And , this is going to take you a WHILE -LRB- thank goodness it was n't Christmas Eve -RRB- My husband and I both got fustrated and struggled with several of the pieces that would n't go on easily.Then , when it was finally all together ... we realized the batteries were n't in . They are also positioned really dumb ... you have to take off the 3 castle towers to get the batts . in . So , the towers come flying off and hit the ground which BREAKS the little flag off the top!This kitchen comes with a Teapot and cups/saucers . Try getting a 3yr . old little girl who 's THRILLED with this fun toy to NOT put liquids in the teapot and spill on the stovetop while serving you a cup . Another really poorly thought out element -- the Speaker is located ON the stovetop ... the water went right down in to it . Guess what ... the thing was 3 days old and no longer `` talks '' . I 've tried to dry it out and it 's not looking good ... The kitchen is now a week old and every time I look at it I feel very sad that my daughters `` BIG Birthday Gift '' turned out to be such garbage!If you 're still thinking about buying this toy ... put some tape or something over the speaker so it wo n't be ruined ! And , do n't forget ... think about buying some extra `` fake foods '' seperatly . This comes with 1 egg , 2 muffins , and 2 cookies -LRB- which only look like cookies on one side -- hollow in back -RRB-
 We got this kitchen for our daughter last Christmas . She loves to do the pretend cooking thing and she loves the Princesses so I thought this would be right up her alley . Okay , so we get all the pieces out of the box on Christmas Eve . This took us so long to put together and it 's so poorly made . I was sooo disappointed but was hoping though that my daughter would still enjoy it because afterall , its the Princesses!Well , fast forward to right now . The kitchen sits untouched in her room . She gets so frustrated with it . Something always breaks or falls off . So , needless to say , we are getting a new kitchen for her this Christmas . A Step2 kitchen that will last and not be so frustrating for her.If you are looking for something to last and be used for years , do not get this kitchen . Yes , it 's cute and girly -LRB- which is what caught my eye -RRB- but it 's so not worth it !!
 The assembley of this item was the worst I have ever seen . I have assembled pottery barn furniture and toys for my last four children so I have alot of experience . The assembly was not only difficult , but impossible . Parts actually did not fit properly and left gaps . My child was disappointed because she wanted to play with it , but I could tell the quality was poor and wanted to cut my losses . I will never buy a Disney product again after this experience . !!!
 This product is one of the worst products I have ever purchased . If I could take it back I would . I have had it for 5 months and it has literally fallen apart . The oven door broke the second day which should have been a sign of what was to come and I should have returned it then but I just thought what the heck pop it back in and continue on . But it keeps popping out every time she opens it . The faucet spout does not fit in place so it keeps falling into the sink yet it makes the noises like she is washing so my 3 year old daughter looks at me like -LRB- `` this is weird '' -RRB- . It 's overall poorly made and for the price I paid I could have gotten her a much better one .
 At first I was more anxious than my 3 yr . old daughter to get the kitchen . But when I finally brought it home and saw how many pieces it brought I just thought to myself this was going to be a project . No lie it took me just about 3 hours to put ths thing together , I was so upset and aggravated by the time I was done .
 My sister in law bought this for my daughter for christmas because my daughter HAD to have it - Now I wish she 'd never laid eye on it ! The quality is EXTREMELY POOR ! keeps falling apart - tray that it came with was lop-sided - just overall a poor quality toy . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 The Princess Kitchen is very cute but not very durable . The doors are always falling off . Everytime my four old trys to play with it she breaks something and my husband has to fis it . The oven door never stays on and she even broke the window out of the door . I would not buy it again , I should have gone with the little tykes kitchen .
 BLUE HAIR ? COOL . AQUA LIPS ? NOT COOL ! I LURRV JADE , BUT NOT THIS ! BUY SOME OTHER STYLIN HEAD INSTEAD . EVEN THE MY SCENE ONES ARE BETTER THAN THIS .
 I was very disappointed with the Risk Tin . Risk itself is a great game , but the tin , board , and pieces in this set are very weak . The army figures are small , cheap , plastic . The cards are smaller than normal and the board is disappointingly dull and cheap looking . The tin is thin and did not hold up well in the shipping process . It is not worth the $ 30 dollars I paid for it . Buy a different version , this one is weak .
 Over-rated for the price ! Bad craftsmanship . Dissapointment!Bought all 3 sets -LRB- jungle animals , domestic pets & farm animals -RRB- based on the raving reviews but only to be disappointed ! Thank goodness though I bought them on sale , it 's definitely not worth what they are charging for ! Poorly crafted , the bigger animals -LRB- dog , gorilla , horse , cow -RRB- all appears to be `` decapitated '' - the sewn line right around the animal 's necks ; Mr. Giraffe occurs to have a severe hemorrhage - rather unpleasant ! . Where the sewn line met , edges are jagged , bad paint job -LRB- lead based paint ? -RRB- not that realistic as some reviews claimed.My 18 month old son did have a blast with them -LRB- bravo for those jumbo sizes -RRB- ; however to an animal friendly/loving/savvy parent , it 's rather disturbing to have to explain to the young child why the cat and the dog -LRB- catzilla & dogzilla ? -RRB- are much bigger than the cow!Paid almost 3 figures for all 3 sets -LRB- total of 15 animals -RRB- . Look around - I found same quality , tag smaller animals for a fraction each at Walmart . Only set-back with those from Walmart are that there is only limited variety of animals . Ugh , we could have had a safari of 90 animals at that price !
 It 's so boring and STUPID !! I 'm -LRB- ... -RRB- and my little sister is 8 . We got this toy and we were supposed to share . Well , neither of us uses it ! It 's so pathetic ! Who can have fun with something like that ?!
 What fun is this ??? I mean , like , WOW hopw lame is this ??? You ca n't style the hiar , WICH IS HALF THE FUN !!! Now do n't get me wrong , I think this is a verry Beautyfull Styling-head . But why whould you want STYLING-HEAD THAT YOU CA N't DO THE HAIR ??? Bielive me you 're better of getting the Jade one , even thogh it has Blue-Greenish Lips . : -RRB-
 These Live in Concert heads are gross ! They have gross colored/dyed hair and their lips are REALLY weird they have like checkerd lips!EEEEEWWWWW !!!!! Am I terribly mistaken or are they scary ? Thay look like something you would see on Halloween !! I liked MGA 's old styling heads MUCH better ! P.S. I averaged out my rating and I got 2.2
 I recently bought this item for my 2 year old only because someone gave her a set of 3 story reader books for Christmas and because it was only $ 20 . First off , there is nothing really educational about it . It simply reads stories to your child , which is fine I did n't buy it for educational purposes anyway.Fun , sure my daughter likes it , she loves to be read to.Durable ... no . . it is flimsy at best.We had it for all of about 10 minutes before it stopped working properly . There is no on/off button , it comes on when you open the cover and shuts off when you close it . We have to open and close the cover several times to get it to work , also it has stopped working in the middle of stories.We 've had this for 2 days and have had nothing but trouble with it.Hopefully I can return this at Target locally so I do n't have to deal with shipping it back to Amazon . I might exchange it to see if it is just a bad unit but I have a strong feeling that it is just the quality of the product . It is very cheaply made.If you really want a good reading product for your toddler , get the My First Leap pad , my son had one when he was little , he 's now 7 and my 2yr . old is using it . It has lasted over 5 years and I have never had any trouble with it . The Leap pad is durable , educational and interactive , the story reader is none of these things .
 The reader has been pretty fun for my child , though it 's been finicky from the beginning . The binding of the books bend and becomes difficult to seat in the reader properly , the pages of the books tear easily and the mechanism that determines when a book is present and the device is open often does n't know when a book is in place and the device open.Aside from the mechanics of the product , the stories are often cheezy , over-simplified and poorly read . The overall effect is often to suck the life out of interesting stories .
 The concept is great , the toy is horrid - we are on our 4th one in 2 years . They just stop working from one day to the next , for no reason . An electrical engineer we know looked at it and said the component just fried , the slightest static shock -LRB- as in you walking around with it on carpet -RRB- will destroy it.Then , when you buy a new one , some of the old books will not work with it because they were based on older version of the exact same THING !! Customer service promised to have the headquarters call me . I am waiting . I would like the undamaged books no longer working to be replaced with some that will work . The books are cartridges are immaculate , they should work.Very frustrating after buying so many books which are so expensive .
 $ 35.00 for a real piece of Junk and a 20 % restocking charge upon return ! Had to open it just to see it and that triggered the `` restocking charge '' . Saw the same thing later at Toys R US fo $ 9.95 and that would have been way too much .
 A Christmas gift for my daughter and her 3 children -LRB- 6-9 -RRB- -LRB- purchased elsewhere -RRB- . They faithfully put in coins , saving for a special treat . The kids loved to operate it and their mom loved that it taught them about money and about saving together.After 3-1/2 weeks they 'd saved $ 9.55 and were very excited that soon it would open . And then it jammed . Daughter contacted the company and they sent a replacement . That one jammed after even fewer coins were deposited . When daughter contacted the company again , she received no reply.Considering what this bank costs , it 's a very poor buy . My brother and I had one of the original ones , back in the 50 's . It lasted for years . I feel like I wasted my money and my daughter and grandchildren were very disappointed . Much as we all loved the concept , I ca n't afford to try buying another .
 My son patiently put all of his money in there until it read $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is supposed to unlock the money at this point but it did n't , and there is no other way to get the money out . When I called the company to ask for help they told me to smash the bank with a hammer ! This is a terrible toy .
 Gave this to my 7 year old great nephew for Christmas . It jammed up and now does n't work ... it worked for only three weeks . I bought it because it was all metal and it should have lasted longer than that . There does n't seem to be a way to get into the bank to unjam it and I ca n't find the company address to write to ask if there is a way to unjam it.The rating would n't let me give it a zero ... that does n't seem right.I do n't think I would give it to a little kid . Would work better for an adult who did n't really use it too much .
 This toy was great fun for about a week , at which time Bozo inexplicably began a slow deflation towards the ultimate end . Not sure what happened .
 My grandson -LRB- age 3 -RRB- enjoyed this toy , but it sprung a leak within a few days of him and his preschool friends hitting it with their fists . Maybe the manufacturer should provide a repair kit .
 The sand in the bottom of this bopper does n't flow back to it 's original place which makes the bopper not to stand straight up . If you punch it hard , it just stays down .
 I ordered the Bozo Bop bag for my 3 year old grandson ; I thought it would be great fun as my kids had one when they were young . We blew it up and played with it for a few minutes and then opened other gifts . It immediately began losing air and by the next morning , Bozo was flat on the ground . I have a return form , but according to the directions , I need to pay postage to return it . Since it is pretty heavy , and the fact that I paid only $ 16 for it , I 'm not going to return it . I emailed the company to express my disappointment in having to pay postage to return a defective item , but have heard nothing from them . If this item kept it 's air - even for only a few weeks - I would 've been satisfied . However , just a few minutes of play by a 3 year old does n't cut it !
 I ordered the Clown bop bag in October and could not wait for my son to open it on Christmas morning . Both my husband and I had one of these growing up and they lasted a long time . The Bop bag had to be my sons favorite gift . What boy does n't like to punch . Within two hours of blowing it up it had almost completely gone flat . Clown bop came with a patch but I do n't feel like I should have to use it within the first couple hours of opening it . After we return the clown bop bag we will buy another one . I will let you know how that goes.Rocket USA Bozo Bop Bag
 I bought this toy for my very active three-year-old . He loves it and plays with it frequently , often pretending it 's one of the `` bad guys '' such as a Joker goon from Batman . Unfortunately , the first Bozo bag had a slow leak somewhere which was impossible to find , making the included patch useless . Then someone else got him the same Bozo bag for Christmas and this one seems to have lasted for now but I do have to fill ` er up every week or so just to keep it sturdy.It often does n't bounce back , either on carpet or hardwood floors . The weight on the bottom seems to be a bit loose and itself moves when the Bozo is punched hard into a horizontal position . Overall , it 's good for active kids but not very sturdy .
 I was very disappointed with this toy . It would not inflate due to a leak in the value area . Either the quality control of the manufacturer is nonexistent or the product was defective . I returned it and indicated that I would like another one sent -LRB- my grandchildren loved it but were quickly disappointed when it would n't inflate -RRB- . Todate none has arrived . I 'm lost !! I do n't know what to do except maybe not do business with Amazon since there is no one to talk to or contact .
 The Bozo I received does not stay inflated for more than 24 hours even without use ! That 's poor !
 My daughter loves it . However , there was a small pinhole along the side seam . This appears to be a manufacturing defect instead of a tear . The built in patch does not work because the hole is on a bumpy , raised seam , instead of a smooth panel - which means a complete seal can not be made .
 I bought this present for Christmas last year . The nose had been applied improperly , so there was a huge leak . I called and emailed the company , absolutely never any reply . I WOULD not buy this product except at a store where you can take it back and demand a replacement .
 As described in some previous posts , there is a leak in the seam of the bag making the included patch useless . I bought this for my 4 year old to be from Santa . We blew it up Christmas Eve ... and by the way , you might nearly pass out trying to get it blown up enough that he actually stands up and bounces back ... but by Christmas morning , it was half deflated and lying on the floor . It is being returned , and Amazon has been very easy to work with on this problem .
 This was a cute product , but only lasted a day . Perhaps my preschool boys ' punches were just too much for this bag . A patch was included , but it seems that air is leaking from the seams . Oh well .
 Product leaked from day 1 . Was bought as Christmas present for grandchildren so was not opened right away . Vendor would not allow return even though defective . Would not recommend to anyone .
 to echo other commenters here , this toy leaked from the start , even with patches on the more obvious leaks . definitely do not buy unless you are assured of an easy return and are willing to try a few before you get one that works .
 I concur with other posts - this is not a durable toy . My 4 year old punched its nose out in 3 hours . After super gluing it back together , it has sprung a leak every time it gets played with . Great for a day but that is it .
 My Dad bought this for my daughter . It started leaking air from the right ear immediately on the first inflation . Would only stay up for less than 15 minutes . Even when fully inflated , the base is off-center , so the clown leans to one side . If you buy this , expect to have a disappointed young girl or boy who ca n't play with the fun toy they just opened .
 Our Bozo never held air enough to be punched for long . He arrived with a leak somewhere around the ear . We 'd return him , but getting him back in the box and paying for shipping would offset the returned money . I thought that some of these `` did n't last a day '' reviews were because the kids were rough , but I suspect they did n't realized they had a leak from the start . He looked good and my kids were desperate to have him work , so it was very disappointing .
 I got this for my boys , 1 and 3 at the time , and they loved it , unfortunately it did n't last long . It got a leak within a day of having it . Since then we blow it up occasionally and they still really enjoy it . I may get just a plain bag with no `` appendages '' , like hair , arms , or noses . Less seams to pop open , because that 's where the holes tend to appear .
 Bought this for my grandson lasted one day . Very cheap , could n't be fixed . What a waste of money . Would not recommend this due to the poor quality
 When the Bozo Bop Bag arrived it was just as I had remembered ... especially after a few weeks when it started to deflate ... it was exactly as I had remembered . It does not hold the air once it 's inflated . It 's still the same poor quality as I had remembered and three times the cost ! Once again very disappointed .
 Disappointed in this product . The squeaker in Bozo 's nose did n't work and Bozo did not `` pop back up '' after being hit . Bought this for a bachelorette party with a boxing theme so only used it one night . Also , I did n't realize how heavy this product was before I shipped it internationally ! It comes with sand for the bottom of Bozo which was good because he stood upright on his own .
 The bag arrived with a hole in it and my son was so disappointed that we immediately patched the hole . The bag still deflates by the end of the day . Poor quality toy .
 we had this toy for our children years ago and it seemed more resilient to punches . we remember bozo being a very active part of playtime . this bozo goes down and stays down pretty easily . his nose beeps but only when mashed on when he is down . our grandson is 17 months old and gives bozo a salutory punch and then a hug when he comes to our house but ignores him the rest of the time . possibly our grandson is just too young or lacks pugilistic fervor .
 I read the reviews but bought Bozo anyway . I should n't have . He held air for all of a day , and now he wo n't even hold it for an hour ... and that 's after very little play or punching . He 's just not built well . I 'd recommend NOT buying this guy .
 It arrived with a hole in it before we could even use it . It ca n't hold air now . We tried patching it with the patch kit included with it , but the leak is on a seam and so it is worthless . Sad present for my daughter since she ca n't use it .
 Bought this for my kids for xmas and blew it up at 11 pm , but 6 in the morning , it was deflated . Tried reairing several times and did n't hold the air . The kids were very disappointed .
 As many others have stated , the seams leak . We blew it up Christmas Eve and by Christmas morning it was flopped over -- about half full to three-quarters full . Unusable.If you buy this , get some kind of pump . We have one , and just kept blowing it up every day . But it really was n't worth it . Kids lose interest after about 5 minutes of this.I love the retro aspect of it . I had one as a kid . If the quality was better and did n't require daily pumping , I 'd be happy with it . As it is , though , it 's a complete waste of money and a real pain .
 Alas , this bop bag could not stay inflated for more than a couple of minutes . Caused no end of moaning from my five year old boy ! I 'm sure some of these bop bags work fine , but it sure made ME feel like the Bozo .
 I feel like a bozo for having gotten this toy . It lasted about 2 days before springing a fatal leak . It should come with a disclaimer that punching it will shorten its useful lifespan .
 It 's fun while it lasts . The problem is , it does n't last . This thing came with air leaks and it only got worse .
 Had a hole the first day . Went in the garbage . Not worth the return hassle . Bought a different one for Xmas and its still going strong
 I 'm sure if you get a solidly made one , it 's plenty of fun . I 'd planned on letting me and the office pals have plenty of corporate/client frustration sessions with ol' Bozo for many a day ahead . But alas , I happened to get one that had a couple of teeny tiny rips in the nose seam . So after ~ 20 minutes -LRB- prior to which you spend 15 minutes blowing the lungs out of your mouth to fill it up -RRB- , you have one sad looking deflated Bozo . Tried the included patch kit to fix it , but the patch just wo n't meld with the seam . Just leaks as if it was n't on there . So , needless to say , I 'm returning it . As always , Amazon 's no-hassle return policy makes it much less frustrating than it could be . So bravo to Amazon , boo to the manufacturer who went cheap with shoddy material to make this Bozo . Buyer beware .
 My 4 year old daughter received this as a birthday present . After reading the numerous reviews online I was skeptical of its durability , for ALL the right reasons . It takes about 10 minutes of good lung time to blow up , smells of vinyl terribly and when I set it down on the carpet my daughter bopped it about 10 times and I noticed he was saggy already , upon inspection he had a hole the size of an pencil directly on the seam at the bottom by his right foot . There was no patch kit included so I attempted to glue some heavy duty clear tape to no avail . Total piece of worthless vinyl toy ... save your money and buy something else.In conclusion , To much money for 3 minutes of fun .
 My girls , 5 and 8 loved this and were very excited using it . Unfortunately it only lasted Christmas day . The next day it was deflating . I found a leak in the seam and patched it , but it was not the only one . It has now been given a funeral and was buried under pillows . I was a bit disappointed since I at least wanted it to be fun for awhile . I would suggest if your children are 5 or over do not buy this . Find a more durable product .
 The kids had fun with this product while it lasted . Unfortunately it only lasted a couple days before springing a leak inside the fold around the ear . The leak was in a bad spot and we could not repair it . Boo Hoo .
 This Bozo tore after a few punches from my 5 year old grandson . Bozo is a bust . Do not waste your money .
 Bozo was a work place joke he got punched around in my dept for about 2 weeks and then just sat in the corner . When he was about 6 months old he started losing his air and now bozo is flat on the floor .
 I was reading the review to see if this would be a good purchase when I read in the description a warning on this product . It states that this product contains chemicals known to cause cancer . You can find this in the link that says under the Product Description area `` California residents
 Not to happy with purchase ... have to add air every couple hours as it slowly deflates ... will not stand upright and sometimes will not pop back up ...
 Hole in it right out of the box . That about says it all . Very disappointed little boy . Do not recommend .
 I got this for my 9 year old and she managed to pop it on the first day - to many seams for a hole to appear .
 The Bozo Bop Bag never functioned properly . It never held air . Our child never used it . A waste of time and money !!!! Very poor construction !!!! Do not buy this product .
 Thought this would be cute for my kids ... but it started leaking air right away . We pump it up but then a few hours later it 's falling over . Kids really like it , but it does n't seem that durable !
 We got this for my 5 year old son 's birthday . As you would expect , he and his little brother had a blast punching and jumping on the thing . It was so much fun , for 1 day . We woke up the next morning to find it deflated , a hole in it already . Taped it up , another hole . Of course boys are going to tackle and jump on it , it 's just not made to take a beating . Thankfully we were able to return it without an argument .
 LIke other posts - this toy starts to leak/deflate after a few kicks and punches . :-LRB- Fun to look at , not so great for kids kicking and getting their energy out .
 I bought this for my son for Xmas . He 's only 7 and he 's small for his age , but when he hits this thing , it just lays on the floor and he -LRB- or someone else -RRB- has to knock if back up to him . He lost interest in about 5 minutes and has n't played with it since . I was really disappointed because this product got good reviews . The quality of the plastic is fine , but I think they need to put more weight at the bottom .
 The phaser looks great but I would not recommend for smaller kids because it is not durable . The main problem i 've found is the batteries . If you take them out you will have trouble getting the phaser to work after you put them back in . You may have to GENTLY adjust the prongs that touch the batteries or on the Communictor from `` Enterprise '' you may have to add a piece of cardboard between the battery cover and the batteries . All in all I was a little disappointed .
 If you expect this model to match the pictures of it in Star Trek Communicator Magazine you will be very disappointed . If you compare the two you will see that the one in the magazine was obviously touched up with more detail . What you actually g et is decent but it 's not like the one in the magazines . It does however match the picture that Amazon provides pretty well . It is best viewed from a distance , , I 'll put it that way . There is a visible seam where the struts of the nacelles attach to the main engineering hull in particular . If you attach the base AFTER the base mounting hull plate is attached as they say to do you risk damaging the model . Best to attach the base to the mounting plate first then screw it on . Sounds are cute . . Mainly it just is n't nearly as finished as I would have hoped .
 Pretty much unless your a hard core collector buy another Enterprise because this puppy is n't ment to be taken out of the box ! I have seen and inspected a friend 's and while being a cool ship , was just a re-painted Wrath of Khan Enterprise after someone 's teen-age daughter totals it ! The damage that everyone here points out is done in Star Trek III , so why did that call it The Wrath of Khan special edition ? Also , the price is inflated WAY too high even for PPL who buy `` rare '' things like this . If you buy this , your pretty much saying `` put an extra burn mark on a ship , give it to one company to sell , and make a fortune by seeing how many suckers will dish out their money to collect every variation '' . That 's what happened with TOS Enterprise ! Basicly you have I , I think 8 versions of the same ship ! All are basicly the same as far as size and lights -LRB- on some the nacele lights do n't even work -RRB- . Heck , even the sounds are mostly the same . The only difference is the line Kirk says from one to the next , but the weapons and everything else is just re-hashed . So , if you want a cool Enterprise , get TOS HD ship because it 's still cheap , it has longer sound clips , nice paint job , and all the lights work . And if your looking for a refit ship just buy the Wrath of Khan ship . Do n't give these PPL any more excuses to put out the same ship over and over and charge more and more for it !
 We bought this bank for our 7 year old son who kept his money in a shoe box . I loved the way it looked and felt - very solid and heavy . My son jammed it within minutes of putting in his coins . A dime did n't go all the way down -LRB- which is hard to tell unless you 're looking down into it -RRB- and the next coin jammed up next to it . I could n't fix it and my dad ended up taking it apart . But with the coins jammed in there , once they were released , the ` clicker ' did n't work anymore and did n't count the money . My son actually got another bank for Christmas , so this one just sits on a shelf and looks pretty .
 I bought this bank for all my grandchildren . We were disappointed in the quality of the product for the price . It is very hard to get the money out once you reach the $ 10 mark . I liked the idea that you could only open the bank at $ 10 . Good to teach savings to our grandchildren , but it is hard to use and not as durable as some reviews indicated .
 I saw this game in a store , and figured `` What the heck ! $ 20 bucks ? Why not ? '' Waste of money.I grew up on Intellivision , and was excited to play some of these games again . Unfortunately , this product is sub-standard in many ways . Quite simply , the controller fails to work quite often . Trying to play Snafu was nearly impossible . Invariably I would end up killing myself when the controller went in the wrong direction . Wresling simply did n't work , could n't execute any moves . Same with football , impossible to call plays.A big beef I have with this is on the baseball game . When a player is thrown out , it does n't say the classic `` Yer out ! '' like the original . How difficult would it have been to thrown that in?Just a terrible attempt at re-creating some great old-time games . Seems as though this product was n't even tested prior to production . Way too many flaws to recommend , even at such a low price . Do n't waste your money . Hopefully the upcoming PS2 versions will be much better .
 First , the positive aspects
 I am an avid retro gaming fan and I had high hopes for this product . I bought it last week and all I can say is `` do n't buy it '' , even if you are a die hard Intellivision fan . I did n't have an issue with the controller , the problem is with the programming . Some of the games are missing important graphic elements . For example , with Super Pro basketball , the baskets are n't even visible ! The players are shooting the ball at nothing ! Save your money . This product is a huge disappointment - I 'm returning it today
 I grew up in the 80 's and was soooo excited when I read about this since I loved Intellivision , and `` Intellivions Lives ! '' for the PC , even though playing on the keyboard was n't quite the same . So when I learned about this item where I could play from a controller hooked up to my TV , I was pumped ! But I read poor reviews , so I waited to buy it at half price ... but I 'm sorry to say I still want my money back.The product is advertised as being fun , but that 80 's INTV fans will probably find it lacking . Well , I certainly found it lacking with games being shadows of what they used to be . And I ca n't imagine anyone new to INTV would find this enjoyable given the poorer graphics , lack of sound and game control -LRB- i.e. , Baseball is a joke -RRB- , and the slipshod programming that make even the easiest things difficult . So the short is to avoid it . But I 'll go into detail with one game for those who are 80 's INTV fans to show and why it 's poor and why you should avoid it -- the ever classic `` Nightstalker ! `` Remember the sound in this game ? That steady thump , thump , thump , thump like a heartbeat that instantly immersed you ? That 's gone , which means atmosphere is gone . However , I forgave that and pressed on . Then I found the game -- even though it looked mostly the same -- had drastically changed . Now bats are worth 100 -LRB- not 300 -RRB- , you ca n't shoot them while they sleep , and they never become robots after you hit 5000 points , which means that rather than 3 robots chasing you -LRB- and making it challenging -RRB- there 's only 1 robot the entire game . Well , I thought I could forgive that too , but then I hit 10,000 points and was ready to face the white robot -- remember that one with huge bullets that absorbed your bullets and took 3 shots to kill ? Well , in this version , it 's bullets are normal and it only takes one shot to kill . -LRB- Not only that , but it 's the last robot -- no black ones or invisible ones come later . -RRB- I found this unforgivable since I could have played forever because there was no challenge ... except for one thing that caused the death of all my lives , which was poor game control . Sometimes it was difficult to take corners since you had to be perfectly lined up . Do n't believe me ? Well , listen to this -- at times , I 'd actually get stuck in a straightaway corridor ! How so ? Because you can move your guy up or down within a corridor a couple pixels , which makes him stuck until you move him back up or down . But by the time you do that , you 've been shot.For fans of the 80 's INTV , this is intolerable . And for new potential fans , how can a game be fun if the only challenge is trying to maneuver your guy ? I could go into similiar detail for many others like Football -LRB- I could n't figure out if it 's even possible to pass , even though the computer can , but the manual only tells you how to hike and run -RRB- and Space Armada -LRB- one of the simplest games in the world , but they even ruined that ! -RRB- Remember the clever INTV physics in Skiing and Golf ? How your skier -LRB- or the ball when punting -RRB- would speed up , slow down , -LRB- or curve in Golf -RRB- with the sloping terrain ? That 's all gone.All that said , do yourself a favor and go to the `` Intellivision Lives '' website and download a free copy of Nightstalker for the PC . The memories will flood back and newcomers will see how a classic really plays . Then consider buying `` Intellivision Lives ! '' -LRB- At least for the PC -- I do n't know about the others -- even though you 'll have to play on the keyboard unless you find a good programmable PC gamepad like I did . -RRB- And I say this because I 'm more than willing to support retro INTV , but the programmers have to support us back . It 's a two-way street , and I ca n't sanction this product that actually has very little to do with INTV or fun.I only gave it a 2 rather than a 1 because at least it seems they tried ... to an extent . . and the idea of having INTV games work with the TV via a simple controller is great , but the execution is terribly lacking . As it is , I 'll be returning or selling this item , rather than buying 3 more like I had hoped to give as gifts to my siblings .
 I ca n't tell you how much I really looked forward to the release of this item . With much anticipation , like a child at Christmas I opened the colorful box and took out my new Intellivision 25 . It seemed I couldnt put the batteries in fast enough and hook it to my TV ... To my dismay , It took mere seconds of play , to realize I was playing with a cheap imposter . After a minute of flipping through games I was ready to smash it against the wall.Sure , some of the games ` look ' like intellivision games , but do n't let that fool you . Game play does n't come close on many of them . And the speed is jacked up so much making some of them unplayable.This unit is a cheap immitation , plain and simple . And a huge disappointment.If I payed any more than the twenty bucks I put down on it , It would have already been returned to the store.Any of the other TV games would be a much better choice than this one . They are closer to the mark when it comes to emulating the original games.If you 're a die hard Intellivision fan , or thinking of giving it to one , think twice . They could be in for a huge let down . : - -LRB- There may be some hope for those of us looking for a more authentic Intellivision-like experience , without resorting to Ebay . Lets hope the soon to be released X-box and PS2 Intellivision games will be worth the wait.-NathanWest Hollywood , CA .
 When I was younger , my Intellevision was my first console and I had some great games for it
 I bought this game , from the same people who did the outstanding Intellivision Lives ! CD for PC and Mac , expecting that the same attention to preserving the play of the original games would be present . It is n't . I was raised on Intellivision , and maybe that 's part of the problem , but these games appear to have been reprogrammed from the ground up by someone who had pictures of the old games , but never actually played them . Consider Space Armada . The alien invaders descend one row before their left-to-right movement reaches the edge of the screen -LRB- Space Invaders-style -RRB- . Consider Star Strike . The audio cue that a missile silo is coming up is not sounded if you happen to be firing your laser at the same time . Even if you hear it , the silo comes so fast that your chances of hitting it -LRB- and avoiding destruction -RRB- are roughly nil . Consider the excellent Super Pro Basketball . You ca n't make substitutions . These are n't just bad cases . Every single game seems to be broken in some way or another.If you never played any of the original games , then none of the above means anything to you , and you may have more fun with this product . But retro gaming being what it is , products like this generally appeal mostly to people familiar with the source . And if that 's you , I sadly have to recommend that you stay away .
 First of all , what kind of controller is this for an Intellivision game compilation ? It 's sorta Playstationy and seems to serve no purpose other than giving an option of high-hat versus d-pad for people who prefer one or the other.Secondly , most of these guys are missing music , levels , options , etc. . C'mon guys , memory is cheap and Intellivision games are small ! Why cut out some of the best stuff?Motocross has one track , no computer drivers and no track editor.Snafu has 4 game modes
 I grew up with Intellivision , one of my fondest childhood memories . So I decided to buy this gizmo . At first glance it looks just like Intellivision . Then I started to notice slight differences . I researched on the Internet and according to Intellivision Lives website , this is NOT an emulation of Intellivision . It is a rewrite , using Intellivision grapics.Some of the games are playable , some are not . I really think it was a rush job and they just did not have time to really work out the gameplay on each game . For example , Asteroids . The spinners REALLY move fast , yet your star blaster is quite slow . If the spinner hits the ground you lose a life . The star blaster goes so slowly most of the time its impossible for it to even get there in time . This was not how the original played . Most of the other games have similar issues.I did get some enjoyment out of it . The games look very much like the original Intellivision counterparts . If you really want to relive Intellivision you should try the Intellivision Greatest Hits package for the PC , also available here at Amazon .
 What a deal , right ? Wrong . While this piece of electronics might seem too good to pass up , it 's faulty on several levels . First of all , it 's buggy . Some games did n't load correctly or at all -LRB- Golf was a black screen -RRB- . During some games , movement was hindered by a constant pulling to one side or obscured by random screen scrambles.Secondly , the controls are not the same . It 's impossible to play most of these Intellivision games correctly with a Nintendo-style controller . The sports games were impossible . Without the original controls , most of the original playability was lost.Lastly , the games seem gutted or `` dumbed down '' for this device . It may be just my faulty memory , but I remember many of these games being more involved . It seems that some of the features were stripped out , and like the controller issues , you 're not really getting the original game . As a former fan and early-80s console gamer , I was very disappointed with this item .
 I went into a K.B.Toys and they had a little stand in their where I tried a Pac-Man plug in and play tv games . It was great so I askedmy father could get theplug in and play tv games . I do n't have a gamesystem and this is not a good replacement . Back to the K.B.Toys . So then my father said well let 's look at the other ones here . So we did and a I found this . It had pro wrestling on it . I still thought no . Then a kid who overheard buts in and says . Wo this way cooler Are you sayin ' you do n't like snafu -LRB- I had no idea what that game was -RRB- but it sounded old atari . Or pro wrestlin ' . Then I could n't resist it sounded so cool then . When I got home I realized the kid had not ever played it . The wrestling you ca n't beat because you ca n't do moves . Guess what it does it for you and you always lose . On basketball it was to easy I did not think I had an opponent . I do n't know if it was just the product I got but based on the reviews on this it was n't just the product I got . I had gotten a 30 day warrenty and by the first day I asked if I could return it . I like plug in and play tv games the spongebob one but that is another review that is much more cheerful .
 Intellivison fans ... Do not waste your money . This unit is not anything like the original . The sound effects are terrible & some games play silent . What a HUGE dissapointment this so called system has been .
 Intellivision was my fav system as a kid . Everyone else had and loved the Atari 2600 -LRB- I owned one as well -RRB- but Intellivision was far superior and the games were awesome ! I still have my old 1980 's unit as well as about 30 games still tuvked away in my closet . So when I saw this plug n play game of Intellivision , I was excited ! They had for sale the 10 game unit or the 25 game unit , I bought the 25 games one.Sadly , it 's HORRIBLE ! They are NOT the original games transfered or converted over but recreations . Some look just like the old classics , the sounds are close . Many of the games have been altered as far as game play goes . For example , they totaly murdered FOOTBALL . This wasnt the first Football game but the rare 2nd version from 1985 . The 1985 cart was very fun to play , this one is a botched job ! They made it a one player game , you cant kick FG 's in it or even call pass plays ... just absolutlry Horrible ! I bought this unit and after 2 hours tops I was gon na throw it away , but my neighbor friend wanted it so I gave it to him .
 The unit stopped working in about one hour . I 'm going to exchange this for another unit , but this is a cheap product . I 'll be happy if it keeps working for anything more than 6 months .
 This product is exactly the size of the picture and to me a total rip-off , we 'll see how it holds up ! I recommend Melissa and Doug playfood for quality and value . My rating could change in time .
 This product is in now way as described . The filling is compressed to the point where you sink immediately to the ground . It does not feel like sleeping on a cloud at all . Bits of trash poke as well . Additionally , once you open it - it is impossible to replace in the box for shipment back to amazon for a refund . I highly doubt it is safe for children as my cat sunk right down and was caught in all the loose fabric . This is not a chair in any sense .
 Comfort Research must be the worst brand of high end bean bags out there.This product is definitely not worth the asking price . The fuf inside sticks together a lot and makes for a lot of sharp edges to stab you in the back when you sit down . Mine also arrived with a damaged cover . There was a small rip we did n't detect in the fabric until the second day we had it . As the fuf got more air and expanded , the rip got bigger and bigger . Since the product is too big to return , we had to settle with duct taping the rip -LRB- real ugly -RRB- , and accepting a meager 15 % refund.Worst of all , its just a bean bag . This is n't high end furniture that is going to last for years , this thing 's got to have a lifespan of about two months , tops . You can get something just as good or better for a fraction of the price of this thing on this very site if you just go with a different brand . Heck , if you go with a different color of the same item , you can shave almost $ 80 off the purchase.I 'm very disappointed in this product , and I definitely do n't recommend anyone else buy it .
 I bought this last week and it arrived on Friday . After taking it out of the box I was surprised to see that it was slighty rusty with little speckles of rust on it . I was intent on returning it immedetiately to get the black on instead . However the cardboard box that it was packaged in got completely torn to shreds by my impatient kids that did n't understand why the bank that they had wanted so badly had to get returned . So they immediately in tempts to `` save '' their bank put money in it knowing it would only open at ten dollars . At around 4.30 the cents part stopped working , appearing to have popped off its track on the inside of the bank . Now I have a bank that cost 25.00 that does n't work.So all in all , save your 25.00 and buy a different bank . Because this one is not worth the price of 25.00 I 'm just glad I bought one to test before buying another one -LRB- Spending 50.00 on banks seemed a bit ridicious at the time and I 'm glad it did -RRB-
 We purchased one for our toddler 's birthday . Within 2 dollars worth of putting in quarters the cents indicator fell off so all we see are the dollars . This would n't be a problem except the damn thing only opens if you have an exact multiple of ten dollars -LRB- and zero cents -RRB- in there.Shame on me for buying it more than 30 days before her birthday or this thing would be going back as defective .
 Ordering this item was a big mistake . It is very small , ugly and not for children . I sent the item back and asked for my money back but after 4 weeks I have heard nothing and have no refund !
 It all started upon opening the package . With the contents spread around the entire game room floor , we saw that the table arrived with 3 cracks in the ` ice ' surface . Amazon would have replaced the surface , but with their strange policy it would have taken up to 2 weeks and I would have had to receive an entire new game table -LRB- this was a very large package ! -RRB- just to get the part I needed . I would then have to return or throw away the rest of the game . That did n't make any sense to me , so I called the company directly , and after some prodding , Harvard replaced just the surface within a few days - which was the right thing to do . Beyond that , assembly took another 12 or so hours to complete . The directions were vague in parts , and we often had to supply our own nuts and bolts . There was a fair amount of finesse and nuance involved , and after alot of aggravation and silicone spray , we finally got it to work properly . Its been used for about 2 weeks now , with no incident , but I have to say that I am waiting for something else to break or go wrong . Spend the extra money and get a better quality rod hockey table , it was a real frustrating experience .
 My 4 year old girl loves the TV show . But all the Winx toys by Mattel leave both of us fustrated . The dolls hands are in such odd positions to make it nearly impossible to get them through the sleeves of their outfits without putting a lot of stress on the seams and material . The outfits are not well made and began falling apart after 3 months of normal play -LRB- this goes for the extra outfits you can buy as well -RRB- . The mini dolls are constantly needing to be glued back together with super glue . The Alfea College playset keeps comming apart as well . We have already had to replace dolls and clothing -LRB- were are about to get a third ! Musa doll -RRB- . It is frustrating to play with these toys because they keep breaking and are hard to dress -LRB- even for a 30 yr . old -RRB- . I would give a 0 star review for durability and but that 's not an option.I 'm about to purchase some of the italian made Winx dolls to see if they are more durable . We are extra careful with the Mattel Winx toys ! I do n't let my child play with them by herself because they frustrate her and break so easily!mudyfoot , mom in Dallas , Tx
 my daughters got these for christmas and they were broke that same day.the wings pulled the back off and we kept losing the batteries.so we glued it now it wo n't light up . my girls were very disapointed .
 This toy is junk ! The first one I received had a broke handle and the electronic dash board only worked some of the time . Sent it back for exchange , received the second one and that had a broken horn and the same issue with the dash board . Finally just got a refund , Amazon was very pleasant the deal with .
 I totally agree with super mom , it is a junk . I received it and the toy were not working . Assuming that there were a problem with the battery , I changed it right away . But even thought I 've changed with new batteries , the toys still never worked . The worst thing is , the walker is so light that my son bumped his back to the floor when he tried to pull himself up . I was going to exchange it , but it 's hard to unassemble it . So I decided to trash it . What a waste !
 Do not purchase this toy . My 18 month old used the handle to help her stand up and the screw holding the handle in place snapped in half causing her to fall .
 The concept of this product is very good . My daughter enjoy pressing the different buttons and hearing the music . However , after a couple of months use , the 2 big buttons stopped to function . These buttons unfortunately are the ones that trigger the variety of songs . Its now just half the fun and half useful !
 This `` walker '' is useless , as a walker anyway . It is way too front-heavy and my baby has a really hard time trying to stand with it . It tips and has no wheel control , so it is too fast and she falls on her face . We have one by Little Tikes that is way better because it has adjustable wheel speeds . It is also hard for her to get her chubby little body between the sides of the `` car '' . That said , the toy part of it is cute , lots of buttons to press and lots of cute noises . I am considering removing the handle so she can just play with the toy part of it and not try to kill herself standing up !
 This product was awful . When i received the product and started putting the hoop together , one of the pipes broke and I did n't have all the pieces . So I called the manufacture and got new pieces and they sent the wrong ones . So i called again , and got new parts . While waiting for them I went to the hardware store and got the screws needed so my daughter could play with this thing . Well I got it up and about 15-20 minutes into playing with it we noticed the ball return was tearing . Now mind you these balls are tiny , there was no reason for this . So I packed it up and sent it back . I did get a quick refund , but other than that , I have nothing nice to say . Sorry
 This was the biggest disappointment ever ! I bought this as a Christmas gift , and unfortunately I lost the shipping/receive order so i ca n't send it back . The instructions are very poor , and someone has handwritten some of them in because they forgot to put them on the original print . I was going to deal with the cheapness of the product except for the fact that one of the frame pieces is incorrect , so I ca n't even assemble the thing . Keep looking , and do n't waste your time . I would spend a little more money and upgrade to one that is nicer !
 The product is ok . I brought one a few years ago and the frame was made out of strong sturdy steel . This one is made of very ! cheap ! material .
 I ca n't review the product because I have n't received it yet . At first Amazon shipped me the wrong item . I was supposed to get a replacement in 1 week . Then I was told it is on back order until April . All I was offered as compensation is 2 day shipping versus standard , not really a big deal since the delivery is delayed 3 months anyway . Hard to believe Amazon could n't go to some other retailer and purchase this to supply a customer in a reasonable time frame . Overall a bad experience so far . But who knows , it could get even worse . I may not even receive it in April .
 Luego de haber pagado el producto cambian la imagen del mismo pues cuando yo lo escoji no era la imagen con la caja la que estaba si no el producto solo a tama & ntilde ; o exagerado .
 Not worth the money , in my opinion . Not only do they start repeating items to bid on , showing the same thing over and over again , but the characters are creepy as all get out . I 'm not pleased that I wasted money on this .
 I 'm a huge Price is Right fan and this game was not `` just like the real show '' as they advertise . The game play is slow and choppy . You really have to know what you 're supposed to be doing next to keep it moving at all . Also , to know who goes on to the next round , you 're supposed to add up the value of your prizes ... but they do n't always tell you the value of the prizes ! Speaking of the prizes it seems like fifty percent of the time the prize is `` A NEW CAR !! '' It is exciting the first few times , but then you start to get them every other turn and it is n't so exciting.Overall , this game is really only fun if you make it so . After the first time few times playing I lost interest . We only bust it out when the right group of people is here to make it exciting .
 My family and I range in age from 12-45 and are a huge fans of the show . The DVD game was very disappointing . The scenes were choppy . After only one time playing the game , we already had prizes repeating . There was no way to tell the winner . You had to keep track of your own winnings , but the prices were not always given . I would not recommend this game no matter the age .
 We played this once in a while when we bought it several years ago . After it as on the shelf in the game closet collecting dust , we pulled it out to play again . Since it 's a DVD game and not a video game , there are a lot of limitations to what you can do with it . The 4 rounds , contestants row , pricing games , showcase showdown , and showcase , are not connected in any way , and you need to manually decide who is winning , who belongs in the showcase showdown and showcase . The pricing games are OK . The Shocase Showdown does n't keep track of who is the winner . You have to determine that yourself . It comes with dry erase boards and markers , but the markers down last very long . If you love the Price is Right and want to play it at home , you 're better off with the PC or Wii version .
 Hey all ! I was really looking forward to play this game when I ordered it . I popped in the game and was ready . I was immediately disappointed . First you ca n't make your own bid on the prizes before the games so that immediately took all the fun out for me . When I did play a game and lost , it did n't show you the winning price to the prize so it would immediately go back to the beginning . On the showcase showdown , you could n't make your own bid on it . It gave you four choices that clame close . I do n't remember it told you the actual total price of it . Some of the games were kinda fun but I was really disappointed . A total waste of money . Save yourself by not getting this game .
 I purchased this game with the highest of hopes and expectations . It turned out to be fun for 15 to 30 minutes . Most of the audio just cuts off in many places , the movement is very choppy overall , and about the boards they give you to write down the amount of the prizes that you 've won , yeah well , it would be nice if they gave you the amount ! They give you nothing of the kind in the pricing games , so what are the boards for ?! I could go on , but I wo n't . This game could have been so much better , I am not thrilled at all .
 The first time we played this game , when initially going to the `` Contestant 's Row '' section , it put the same prize up , oh , I do n't know - maybe 13 out of 20 times ? This is one of the most blatant bugs you can have in a piece of software . In fact , I ca n't even go on enough as to how horrible this is - if I could get into negative numbers on handing out stars I would . Was there a testing team when this product was developed , or were they permanently out to lunch , playing Halo , or both ? Would you like to know how easy it is to write code that WO N'T show you the same product 13 out of 20 times when you return to Contestant 's Row ? It looks something like this : RandomizeCall ContestRow -LRB- -RRB- Function ContestRow -LRB- -RRB- prize_number = Int -LRB- -LRB- 100 * Rnd -RRB- + 1 -RRB- DisplayPrize -LRB- prize_number -RRB- End FunctionFunction DisplayPrize -LRB- number -RRB- wscript.echo numberEnd FunctionDoes n't look so big of task , does it ? That is if you are a software developer . If I wrote code like the people that developed this game I would never sell anything due to the frequent requests of my customers to return their money , which leads me to believe that this product 's software development was perhaps left in the hands of the Director of Marketing in an effort to cut costs ? Or maybe it was the janitor ...
 I got the pleasure , or should I say displeasure of playing this game last night . Some friends had told me how much fun they had gotten out of the game when playing it -LRB- after having some alcohol -RRB- and I was excited to try it as I love trying new games . To my dismay , right out of the box , it comes with less dry erase pens then there are flimsy cardboard dry erase boards to play with . I understand contestant 's row only has four players at a time , but we wanted everyone to play at once ; they should have only included four dry erase boards -RRB- . The game play from the DVD menus was extremely choppy and needed better continuity . It would take a very patient person to play this game any really get a kick out of it . The prizes and prices were realistic but they were repeated within the first twenty minutes of game play - some sort of system should be in place on the disc to at the very LEAST order them in one specific order . This game looks like it was made about ten years ago and has very bad stills and clips from the actual show , it looks as if this game cost about $ 450 to make and they paid a twelve year old who is both a beginner at programming and Photoshop to do the work when he is n't delivering his paper route . Games like this make me sad for kids who have to endure the pain of playing it on Christmas day of their birthday as it will probably be in the trash by bedtime or even worse - on the way to a second-hand store where someone else is going to have to go through the pain of popping this game into their DVD player.Unless you are very young and could enjoy the bright flashing colors and sounds from the game or very old and actually use some of the terrible products featured on the game , this ` game ' is not for you . Go spend this money on a moderately priced meal at Applebee 's because you will get much more pleasure out of that then you will playing this waste of time.For as far as endless Price is Right goes , I wanted the ` fun ' to stop within thirty minutes.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 this game is horrible , if I had a twelve year old son , he could make a better game than this . The gameplay is not smooth , the menus and options are not aesthetically pleasing . Like most of the other reviews on here , I was very excited to play this game and was COMPLETELY disappointed . There are not many prizes and they repeat within the first ten minutes of playing the game , this game might as well be called memory ... You could n't pay me to play this game again .
 Out of every transformer I 've discovered Omega Supreme is one of the most amazing ! 16 in.tall ,4.5 pounds , combo vehicle , combo with my ol' freind Optomus Prime , Omega and Optomis powerlink to form Omega Prime which is the strongest normal transformer next to the bulky , big Unicron!Here to give Megatron and Unicron a BIG woopin ' ! Optomis and Omega are a must have !
 Buyer beware - we gave this gift to our neices for Christmas and were horrified at how out of tune the xylophone was - my husband is a music teacher and was so mad that it was n't even chromatic and horribly out of tune he is purchasing a replacement xylophone so the kids do n't misunderstand musical octaves ! The other percussive instruments are fine and the harmonica and recorder were okay .
 Not deluxe ! Very disappointed in quality . Whistle does not work , xylophone does not sound . Harmonica out of tune and hard to play . Looking elsewhere for better instruments .
 When we ordered this set we were especially excited about the xylophone , which turned out to be shoddily made and completely out of tune . Do n't order this set if you want to make music with it , or if you 're expecting quality workmanship . On the plus side , there are a variety of noises to be made and the baby seems to like it well enough .
 The toys are low quality and very crappy . The xylophone , which was the main reason I bought this set , was made from very soft wood and easily dented even by a baby . In other hand , the edge of it was sharp , not very good for those soft hands . The other instruments in the set were sharing the same problem . Some of them were barely tuned ! And the package ... . wood chips were falling everywhere when I unpacked them , and had to keep an eye on my toddler not to step on them or picked them up ... . All in all , not worth buying .
 This is a poorly constructed group of instruments . The kazoo and xylophone were broken and the recorder can barely carry a tune . Try and find this product in a store so you can check it out for yourself .
 My son suggested that I buy this for my 23/4 year old granddaughter for Christmas . I was very disappointed with it . The xylophone , which really ought to be the main music maker was awful . It should have been made of metal and should have been capable of playing a scale -LRB- the key of C Major -RRB- . But then the recorder was terrible too . You ca n't play a tune on it either . The little plastic recorders for around $ 4 or $ 5 that the kids in elementary school use can at least make music . This ca n't . And the kazoo broke . The other parts were fine . Percussion is percussion . If it were my choice , I would return it . My son seems to think it 's satisfactory - `` good enough for a 2 year old . '' I do n't agree . Had I seen it first , I would n't have bought it .
 These instruments may be nice to look at , but that 's all they 're good for . The xylophone was the biggest let-down ... all the notes sound very much the same . The kazoo does n't make a sound at all . I could n't distinguish between the notes on the recorder either . I wo n't even get into what I think of all the other pointless pieces of wood in this box . When I opened it , wood shavings were all over the instruments . Each instrument is tied down to the box with at least two wire things ... so frustrating ! If you want some random objects for your child to bang around , this is for you . IF YOUR CHILD IS ACTUALLY MUSICALLY INCLINED , he/she wo n't benefit from this is any way . I 'm returning it immediately .
 I had several issues with this toy and wish I had n't bought it . They are as follows , and these are the same problems many other people have had.First of all , this toy was horribly made . The jingle sticks in particular were rough on the handles . Were these sanded down at all ? I seriously doubt they were . I seriously feared splinters from them . I mean , wood chips were all over in the box when we opened it.I know this is a toy , but the point should still be to foster a love of music in kids that play with it . That will not happen with these instruments . It is impossible to make any kind of real music with these . The xylophone is made of wood which is so soft that my child dented it the first day , and all the `` notes '' it plays sound the same . The notes on the recorder are the same way . They are just screeches with no distinction between the notes . The rest of the instruments are just random wooden things meant for banging , so you really ca n't mess them up.There are some good toy instruments out there , but I really would n't want someone to think they had found them with this toy . This is definitely not worth even half as much as this costs .
 Do NOT buy this product ! It is SO cheaply made - I ca n't believe I had to spend $ 50 on it ! The xylophone is essentially without tune completely ; each `` note '' is just a dull thud , with several of them sounding exactly the same . The recorder is also completely out of tune and falls apart easily . My daughter has a wonderful recorder from Target that cost me $ 3 and is much better quality . Most of the other pieces do n't require a tone , so I guess they 're fine , although you can look at them and remark at how cheap they look . I 'm going to try to return mine . Do n't waste your money !!!!
 On the upside the harmonica is excellent quality , my 2 year old loves playing it for his baby sisters . The shake things with the metal in them are nice , we walk around the house shaking them , dancing . The crate is really nice , we keep our melissa/doug pound and roll in it so the balls do n't go all over the house.On the downside is my son does n't really like the triangle , he ca n't figure out the -LRB- yellow/red -RRB- hand the clappity things , the long clapper -LRB- red/blue/green -RRB- does n't impress him , the kazoo we thought was a whistle gets little use , the end of the flute came off and is no where to be found , we 're not sure what the hallow piece of wood instrument is for . They xylophone is really monotone , it all sounds the same , one of the wooden knobs that holds the one of the red pieces on fell off so not that piece slides around.In conclusion , the set is cute , all solid wood , but gets little use . I 'd recommend getting a metal xylophone instead . We bought a nice one on novanatural made of metal and wood for $ 20 . Find a different kazoo , we have a metal one he loves , it was kind of nice having 2 of them because his friends could play too . Invest in a harmonica , this one or another .
 First of all , I do n't know why this is $ 79.99 . . I bought this at TRU less than a month ago for $ 29.99 . . It did n't come with the doll , but I mean really , $ 79.99 ??? This is a pretty junky toy . The scanner is REALLY hard to work and the thing to `` sign '' for your credit card is lame . Also , the stupid cash register drawer wo n't stay shut so the money keeps falling out everywhere . I am noticing this is a trend with the Dora Toys in general , because while most Dora stuff is really cute , the quality is very poor . I have problems with the Magical Castle furniture and also the Dora Kitchen . But this register is not worth the $ 29.99 and DEFINITELY not worth $ 79.99 . . I 'd go with something else .
 My daughter was real excited when Santa brought this toy , but was very disappointed that it did n't do what she expected . She played with it about 10 minutes at the most and now its in the closet . The scanner scans the codes but when it tells you what you 've scanned its always the wrong item . The microphone does n't work unless you are right up on it and the pad where you sign you name does n't work at all . Not worth the money .
 Item is not as robust as pictured . Have not tried to solve it because it is a present for another . Actual item seems quite flimsy and may not survive the first attempt to solve it . The item includes a pictured solution . The solution does not appear to apply to the actual item delivered because of difference in manufacturing .
 I bought this toy because it looked like it might be difficult . The problem is , the picture looks NOTHING like the actual toy . The toy was super easy , it took less than a minute to solve . I 'm really disappointed .
 I read a lot of reviews saying this product gives you amazing products . Well not for me . People got ultra rares and secret rares . I got 2 rares and 3 sucky super rares . And my commons were horrible . I got jipped. , they did n't give me any sleeves like I 'm supposed to get . But I still have the receipt so I can hopefully get a new one . I still do n't think this is great . The only two good cards i got were masked beast promo and some fusion guy . I got legend of blue eyes pack in it and thats the worst one . Overall the one I got sucked.better luck with the new one i could get cause i did n't get sleeves .
 the content of ALL the `` 5 packs '' I received are nothing but left-overs - nobody wants those cards , including myself . It may be a coincidence , but I did n't get ONE single good card within the 45 of the 5 packs
 First of all , I got a buster blader :-LRB- . Second of all , the deck box was broken . The cards were bent in the deck box . The boosters were LOB , LON , PSV , MRD , MRL . I got all of the cards bent and torn . My rare in LOB was a Flame Ghost . My MRL rare was a Masked Sorcerer . MRL had a Flying Kamikiri # 1 , PSV had an appropriate and LON had Gilasaurus . DOnt buy this !
 First of all I heard a reveiws saying the shipping was soooo terrible that the cards were bent and the deck box was cracked . Would you risk that ? The promos are not any good either . The packs ... were packaged by 3rd party sellers , they might be weighed so you amazoners get the junk . The three random cards could be stupid commons that nobody uses .
 when i bught this toy all the cards were bent and the deck box was broken
 In this game rumors on the internet says the we can use the3 Egypian God Monsters in this GameBoyAdvance game .
 The title of this item is '' ... knowledge deck card game '' . It is n't a game at all ; unless I am missing something . This is just a deck of cards with facts on them . Very good for someone who wants to read all about chocolate , but not for the person -LRB- like myself -RRB- who was expecting a card game .
 This product was horrible ! The kids sure could n't mold it - it was like a brick . I broke the thing in half but it was so hard and crumbly that it was useless . It went directly into the trash , no value at all . Very disappointing .
 great if the system would not die . I am now purchasing my third one . Love the games , but the power button just stops and it never works again .
 This game system is an absolute waste of money . First one stopped working the first week . Brought it back to the store and they replaced . Second one broke after 2 months . Two girls who are not rough on toys have managed to make this system non-functional twice . No refund for the second one as it was purchased online ... . You would think they would make a child 's toy a touch more durable . Do not purchase .
 I bought this last christmas , for my 21/2 year old . I was very exicited about it , But what a joke , half the time it does not work , the graphics are horrible . The games are hard to figure out for kids in the 3 year old age group . My 5 year old niece also had a hard time with it . The kids get frustred while playing a game and graphics just black out . I would not recomand this toy to anyone . I have since bought leapfrog products way better .
 The joystick on this toy is impossible ! Even just choosing your options is a pain because the joystick is too sensitive and it skips to the last option without stopping in between . I am a huge gamer and the games on the v smile are too hard to play because the joystick is way too sensitive and you constantly overshoot the spot you 're aiming at . It has been a huge disappointment for my daughter .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old daughter for christmas this year . But unfortunately I have to return it because the joystick does not work . I checked out other reviews and complaints and it seems that alot of people have complained about the joysticks ! Very cute but not very good quality !
 What a great value , right ? An awesome , educational game system that can keep kids entertained for hours while they learn ... Only 50 bucks and the games are reasonably priced . It seems like such a deal ! Too bad it does n't come with a PLUG !!! We purchased this last Christmas for my now 41/2 year old step-daughter and she loves it . Because she loves it , we 've probably wasted about 50 dollars on batteries in the last year . I decided to finally give in and buy an adapter . All the reviews said the vtech adapter is terrible so I bought a universal adapter . That does n't work , either . So between the system , batteries , a power supply and games , I 'm out at least $ 200 over the course of a year , and now I have a system that does n't seem to want to power on at all . Of course , I already bought a bunch of new games for this Christmas , so now I do n't know what to do with them . Save yourself some money and aggravation and buy a real video game system that at least comes with a PLUG !!! And by the way , I find all the people writing glowing reviews about how EDUCATIONAL this system is and misspelling every other word to be a riot .
 Okay I have to say I think this game is awful !!! I was expecting soooooo much more for the $ 60 we payed for it at walmart !!! With that being said the only game we have played is the Alphabet Park game which came with it . I am still holding out hope that other games will be better . The picture quality is not so good . The fact that it has to have batteries and doesnt just plug in is soooo anoying . But Most importantly it is soooooooooo complicated !!!! I have a hard time coordinating some of it , and my daughter who is only 3 is constantly frustrated ! Cause you have to do so much , its not good for a 3 year old in my opinion and I am hoping when she is a little older it will come a little easier for her ! I am wondering why they advertise it as a 3 and up toy ! I wish I hadnt bought it at all ! What a waste of money for a 3 year old !
 cuts on an offI thought it was a battery issue . Appears to have a short in the wiring.Have attempted to fix to no avail .
 My 4 year old daughter can not figure it out ... that 's not to say no 4 year old can not , but mine certainly ca n't . She can jump or move , but not both at the same time . AND is asking me to help her ... Does n't include D/C ... but you can buy the 9 volt plug at any electronics store probably cheaper than directly from v-tech . The graphics ... Think pre-original Nintendo arcade game.NEEDS MAJOR IMPROVEMENT.The game should be more rudimentary for toddlers.As for the sing-a-long ... way too fast , even for me , especially between sentences ... Needs to be slower to give time to learn the song and then faster ... and needs more time between phrases.The letter tracing game is pretty stupid . Kids do n't even really know they are tracing letters . And the little writing pad is soo small . -LRB- I think I have any older version of the V-Smile since the picture I see here does n't have a microphone or writing pad , or perhaps a different version . -RRB-
 My dad bought this for my 4 year old daughter for her birthday . I put it on her wish list so I was very excited when she got it . As far as operation , set up , and visuals , it is fine . The only issue I had with it is that it broke after 3 uses . My daughter did n't drop it or rough house it at all . I was very upset . Not very durable at all .
 I should 've paid more attention to the poor reviews . This product was sent as a birthday present and when it arrived it just wasnt working , what a shame that is , I ca n't recall being more disappointed through my experience with Amazon . Do n't bother buying this , it 's obvious this has been a common problem , per other comments read .
 I have never been so disappointed with a puzzle . This puzzle took me all of 15 seconds to solve -LRB- honestly -RRB- because it is a novelty trick and the `` trick '' is not even obscurred in the least . What a disappointment ! Do n't waste your money for a trick puzzle . When I say trick , I mean that you do n't need brainpower to figure this out , you just have to notice -LRB- without giving it away -RRB- that one piece is quite different from the other three pieces that look like it and it does n't have to look different - the manufacturer was just sloppy .
 I expected a mid-size book . This product was stapled magazine print pages , about the size of a typical paperback , but only 20 or so pages in length .
 My daughter , a true tomboy at heart who loves dress up ... as long as it is a super hero ! ... turned 6 today . She wanted to dress up like superman so we bought her this for her birthday . We opened it and put on the chest piece and then velcroed on the `` pump up '' muscles . I did n't even have time to velcro on the cape and she was crying.The shoulder pieces did n't fit on right and the `` pump up '' muscles kept flipping over to the wrong side of her arm and sliding down to the forearm . I tried to velcro them tighter but then it did n't close right . She is one of the bigger kids in her class -LRB- @ the size of an average 7 year old -RRB- and if it was velcroed on in the right spot they would slip right off of her arms . It is rated for 3-7 year olds . I ca n't see how they would fit on an even smaller arm.We will return this and try the inflatable superman suit . I hope we have better luck with that !
 Given , kids are rough on toys . This one , however , lasted about ten minutes . Cheap foam-like parts broke quickly . Disappointed overall .
 My 3yr old recieved this toy for Christmas , and loved it ... it broke in less than 1 hr . The front wheel wo n't turn when he attempts to drive it forward . The attena also broke apart , and I consider that a hazard . Many others have experienced these problems . The company needs to recall these toys .
 My mother bought two of these for my sons , ages 3 and 5 . They were a lot of fun while they lasted , which was n't that long ! One of the boys snapped the antenna off of his remote , rendering it useless , after only a couple of days . The other boy managed to snap the front axle of his car by driving it down a step and there is no way it can be fixed.One more complaint - the off switch did n't actually work on EITHER car , meaning that the only way to turn it off was to pull the batteries out . Otherwise the lights stayed on and the batteries ran down in about a day and a half .
 At least two of the games were the same thing , just titled differently and the rules were phrased slightly different . Some of the games were hard to understand how to play . It was a big disappointment .
 I bought this as a gift for my nephew . Upon unpackaging , he and his mom found that there were pieces missing . They called the company -LRB- I told them later , I could have sent it back to Amazon for an easy replacement -RRB- . It took over a week to get the part . Once put together , it ran , but seems to need another of the same toy to make it more fun to play with .
 I bought this set to replace a `` Pavilion '' brand dominoes set I had that was missing a domino . The old set had very bright , easily distinguishable colors . The colors on these dominoes are very muted and it 's VERY hard to tell the different numbers apart ... plus the dots are smaller than the old set . I sent them back and just ordered a set of `` Cardinal '' brand dominoes . Hopefully they 'll work better than these .
 This is the most boring thing I have ever seen . It does nothing !! My 6 year old grandson keeps asking what is does .
 fast delivery , items arrived in good shape .
 always know when the wind is blowing with this colorful garden spinner , can be stuck in the ground with the supplied spike or you can customize your own mount , either way its fun to enjoy .
 This toy was great for my 3-year-old . The problem is that being a 3-year-old , he also wanted to push the firetruck . This wrecked the gears within two hours , and it no longer turns . If this toy is rated for children of his age , then I believe it should be durable enough to withstand normal , age-appropriate behaviors .
 We bought the train and fire truck for our eighteen month old twins for Christmas . We were really excited about them having their first remote control toys . The toy looked awesome . They were durable , colorful , and easy to operate . We were happy until I remembered that the description stated that the toys were to make noise.They did n't make choo choo or siren sounds . The kids knew no better , but I was not happy with the quality of the toys . They ran a little rigid , but that could have been attributed to the fact that it was a train . They were BOTH huge disappointment . We have returned both toys .
 This has been a big disappointment . Only 1 wheel turns and it goes so slowly . We 've had other RC cars that my toddler loved , but this one he never plays with .
 I think this would be a great toy if I could get the 9V battery in . The 3 - AAs were fine . The siren works . I 've mutilated 2 9V batteries so far and tried a rubber mallet to get the thing in with no luck . I guess you can say it 's well made , but the battery compartment is a shade too small lengthwise-it 's bent the '' - '' side of 2 batteries . The metal was making contact , but the truck is n't moving . I guess I wo n't call it a total failure until I can figure out a way to get this battery in the controller in . I 'm calling Kid Galaxy today , so I guess I can comment on customer service later . I got this from an Amazon 3rd party , so I 'm thinking they wo n't be any help - given past experiences with some of them.Edit
 I have purchased many items on Amazon . Unfortunately this item was out sourced . I received the item promptly and then wrapped it for my grandson 's birthday . When he opened it we immediately realized that it was dirty and the screws were stripped . In the excitement of a four year old , there is n't any packaging available . I have my receipt but to no avail as the vendor and Amazon have not replied to my request for a refund !
 First you need to understand this dose not include a book . It 's a small -LRB- 4 x 6 in -RRB- booklet with only 24 pages . Secondly , the content is very simplistic and gets very little into strategy . The contents , most the rules and directions of play , can be found in many places on the net .
 the shipping was $ 4.75 ! I purchased this with a bunch of other items and did n't see a breakdown per item of what the shipping costs would be . This compass , as expected for a cheap compass , has to be tapped several times to get it to point the right direction . That 's ok , I 'm just bummed that I spent $ 7.70 on a compass that 's only worth a couple of bucks .
 i bought this puzzle because my daughter is a bright child with many questions about the world around her . When she saw the puzzle she was terrified , hide her head in the pillow for an hour . It gave her nightmares ... now every time she is intorduced to anything relating to the human body she is terrified .
 We have this toy in a `` boy '' version . The main problem
 Even the author of the Jaws story realizes that the movie misled the public and now works for shark and marine life preservation and conservation.Bad move Legos . This should be taken off the shelves . Educate your children on the importance of sharks , not killing them .
 This was very disappointing . We got through a few of the easy circuits and then the circuits did not work . Directions were followed very closely and checked to make sure they were right . We got bored very quickly .
 I purchased this item because it was listed under the `` made in USA toys '' heading . And while it may be a great toy , it is NOT made in the USA . -LRB- it 's from China -RRB- I have n't given it to my grandchild yet and I would n't have purchased it had I known it was n't made here . It 's too late to make another Christmas purchase so it will be under the tree and as I said my grandchild will probably enjoy it but , made in USA should mean just that ! I only gave one star in each catagory because of the deceptive way it is listed . It may be a great toy I have n't given it yet .
 This product looks wonderful , came highly recommended , and looked very durable . I bought two of the Snap Circuits SC300 and 2 Snapticity My 8 and 91/2 - year-old grandsons were not at all interested in the Snap Circuits . I spent $ 180 when all was totaled -LRB- including 2 Hyper Dash toys -RRB- and the boys have not used any of the items . It was very disappointing . My intent was to buy very interesting toys that would bring them enjoyment and help them learn something new . The youngest thanked me when they were ready to leave and said , `` Grandma , for our birthdays we would like Lego 's . ''
 From the Amazon review this looks like a great toy , so I went to a local store to confirm that it would be suitable for our son . The box contains the following warning
 When purchasing this item the product description lead me to believe that it was made in the USA . But when I received it , the product was clearly marked made in China . I like to support my own Country and the economy , manufacturing if we do n't try to support our fellow American working-class . Soon there will not be manufacturer in this country , or jobs !!!!!
 I got it for my son for Christmas . He started to play with it and quickly found out that some of the parts do not function . Very dissapointing , because now it will just sit untouched . I now feel that is was a waste of money . Poor quality control .
 I purchased this washing machine for a birthday present for a 5 year old girl ! She played with it only for a day and then went to the toy box . Never touched since then !
 I thought this turtle was absolutely adorable and thought it would be perfect to help my daughter spend some extra time on her tummy . She has yet to take any interest in playing with it . The mirror is nice -- she does look at herself in that but I would imagine you could find other toys that have mirrors that are more fun and cost less .
 This an extremely well made knife , but the description is misleading . The padding is nothing more then a grip , and is not suitable for long use . If you build models this is great . But this is not the knife for a paper cut artist like myself who spends hours cutting .
 My son usually plays with all of his toys . But this toy failed to grab his attention when I purchased it at 8 months of age . Now he is 15 months and he ocasionally throws it on the floor as he is searching through his toy basket . I just did n't think this toy is well suited for him .
 I bought this for my 7 month old daughter thinking she 'd like the sounds and help her learn to stack the toys . She does n't want anything to do with it . She sits on her own and loves to reach & grab things while she 's sitting but she hates these and wo n't even play with them . If I could , I 'd return them to the store since it was a waste of money in our house .
 I bought this for my son 's carseat because he was n't interested in the baby einstein toybar he had and this one looked so cute . The problem is n't that he does n't like it -LRB- he does -RRB- the problem is it does n't fit on his Graco infant carrier . Unless you have a Fisher Price carseat then this product is not for you .
 when i bought this toy it looked easy to attach to the infant carseat . the thing is that it doesnt attach properly . its not big enough to go around the handle . my son and daughter like to play with the fish . its a bright and fun toy . i would just not recommend it for the carseat
 I bought this along with all the other link a doo toys and it does n't attach to the carseat . Everytime I think I have it wrapped on there it falls off when I pick up the carseat . I use this toy when we are playing tummy time .
 I bought this and have NEVER used it . It does n't twist around the car seat like it says it will , it does n't stretch well , and the spiral is just not wide enough . I can not attach it to anything . The only this you will be able to attach this too is somethin that has about a 3 inch circumfrence .
 I work from home on a laptop often , and my 6 month old loves to play w/my laptop - so I thought this would be a perfect toy for her.She does love it , and bangs on the `` keyboard '' just as she bangs on mine - the lights and sounds are great - love that it has an OFF button - so many toys do n't ! However , she also loves to bite on anything she can get her hands on - including this toy laptop . While trying to use her left hand to pull the cover down into her mouth , the right hand was caught and pinched between the lid and the keyboard . The plastic is shaped in a way which hurts - even when I closed the toy on my own thumb to test it.I recommend parents do not let their child play with this toy unless you can literally sit there and stare at them the entire time . VTech would be wise to put some sort of safety on the lid of this toy .
 My son got this toy laptop for his first birthday . He really enjoyed the lights and sounds and would play with it exclusively for long periods of time . Then , about a 3 months after we got it , the mouse stopped working . We did n't think much of it since the other buttons were still working and my son did n't seem to notice . Then , one by one , each of the `` keyboard '' buttons stopped working . Eventually , even * I * , as an adult - pushing as hard as I could - could n't get any lights or sounds to work . My son tried to play with a few more times , but quickly grew bored as it was nothing more than a fancy paperweight . It now sits in the bottom of the toybox in the land of forgotten toys . For the record , my son never spilled anything other than drool on the laptop . We did try changing out the batteries , but alas , nothing worked.If it ca n't hold up to 4 months of use and a little baby drool , it does n't seem to be worth the cost .
 I just took this toy away from my 9 month old after he slammed the lid shut on his fingers . There should be some kind of safety mechanism in place to prevent this from happening .
 There have been several occasions when my little one has suddenly started crying very hard while playing with this toy . After about 3 instances of this happening , I took the toy away because it seemed like it was hurting my child . I do n't think a hand got slammed in it because the screen has always been fully open when I 've noticed the crying . I examined the toy and could n't figure out what might be causing the problem , but I wo n't be using it anymore because I 'm not sure if it 's safe .
 This toy is very boring and my 8-month old frequently closes her little hands in the lid ... ouch ! Look around for something else .
 Initially , my son liked pushing the buttons to make it play songs , but the constant pounding on it has made it tweak out . When you started it up , it used to say `` IT 'S MY HOME COMPUTER ! '' now it just gets stuck in a half loop shouting `` IT 'S MY HO ! IT 'S MY HO ! IT 'S MY HO ! '' and not really doing anything else . it also prompts the child to play with it again after it 's been idle for a minute or so . HATE HATE HATE .
 I bought this laptop and another Vtech noisemaker of doom and both have driven me to make my first online product review.Within a few weeks of purchase the laptop developed a problem . It is constantly looping the sound it makes when you open the cover or turn it on . I opened it up and bypassed the switch but it still has that problem intermittently . Another Vtech toy purchased for my son has the exact same issue.I would have pursued warranty coverage or something of that nature but I would rather just throw it away . I do n't see any educational value to it because the button effects are too random -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . Too much talking for a toy meant for a baby . The playschool tree that you stick a ball inside gets more attention from him .
 My one year old loved this at first . Then it just stopped working . It was one of the few toys that he was only allowed to play with with a parent making sure he did n't break it . Customer service as Vtech was wonderful . They said I could return it to the store or send it back to them for a replacement ... . So I went to the store where I got it , and they had one more in stock . It did n't work , and it was still on the shelf . I was pretty disappointed as my son really enjoyed playing with it . So , now I am looking at another brand to replace it .
 The top was too still when he was 7 months old for him to open . Now that he is 20 months old he maybe pays attention to it for 5 minutes at the most . Cute idea , but never held my sons attention longer than 5 minutes , IF it even got his attention . I 've put it away , brought it out again , left it in his toy for him to choose from for longer periods . Just never any real interest .
 It is out of style . Kids these days know the difference between a laptop and a toy , my Kid wouldnt even touch it . It might have been a great toy in 2006-07 , not to today 's kids .
 this became very boring for our 12 month old . it also became a not much used toy for our friends baby as well .2 out of 2 kids makes me think it is for 6 months to 12months . I gave mine away to charity for children
 I bought this and the Fisher Price , this one is going back . There 's nothing to it , just buttons and lights , which I guess is fun for a 4 month old , but my 15 month old -LRB- and I -RRB- got bored with it in 5 minutes .
 My son absolutely LOVES the sound this toy makes when you open and close the lid . But when he was smaller he would get his hand either stuck or it would get pinched when he would slam the lid down . I would try to get him to play with the buttons or listen to the other sounds it makes and still all he wanted to do was open and close the lid . Then one day I noticed we still had the original box the toy came in laying around the house so I picked it up and was looking at the picture on the box of the baby playing with it . Even the kid on the box looks like all he is doing is trying to open and close the lid . Lesson learned
 Purchased this for my daughter as a Christmas present , with the hopes she would appreciate her own computer and leave mine alone . We had looked at in the stores and she was interested for the few minutes she was able to play with it while shopping . However , her interest was short lived once we actually owned it.This toy is a classic button masher for any child under the age of 5 . When it does get played with , both my children simply press random buttons , paying no attention to what the toy is trying to teach them . The electronic voice is among the most annoying I have ever encountered and even on the low setting , it will still grate on the nerves . I 'm also quite sure this toy might be possessed , because when open , it will go off without any prompting , encouraging my children to play with it . And while it 's an interesting advertising technique , it is not so amusing in the middle of the night after the kids have fallen asleep.My only praise is the durability of this toy . It has been dropped , kicked and thrown and still keeps coming back for more , much to my dismay .
 I bought this toy as an impulse buy for my son when he was 8 months old . I was heading to the check-out , it caught my eye at the end of an aisle , and so I grabbed it . Almost from day one my son has shown hardly any interest in this toy . The only enjoyment he seemed to get out of it was to slam the top closed every time I would open it for him.Now , 8 months later , my 16 month old still does n't care for it for more then a few minutes at a time , but just today he slammed the lid down with his right hand onto his left thumb . Not the end of the world , but I did have a cranky boy after that . This has happened a few times before -LRB- never anything serious , just enough pain to make him grouchy -RRB- , so I suggest not leaving your little one alone with this , even then though , it 's kind of a hard thing to prevent . I do n't think it 'll break any fingers or do any real damage , but if they 're not careful -LRB- and let 's face it , babies are not trying to be careful -RRB- they could shut the top on a hand or finger . Overall , I do n't recommend this toy , but that 's mainly due to my son showing almost zero interest in it ... it really all depends on the child .
 my son is 14 months and is completely uninterested in this lump of noisy plastic . i personally think all vtech toys are the most obnoxious brand out there , hands down . we got this as a gift , along with a couple other vtech toys , and they are by far the most annoying , pointless things we have in our house . back to this one in particular though , it 's just outright confusing . you slide the button to an option `` music '' , `` abcs '' or `` search -LRB- ? -RRB- '' -LRB- it 's just a magnifying glass -RRB- and it changes the mode , but none of them are clear ... `` search '' modeyou press the green circle button with the boy on it making a scared face and it correlates to the ball on the `` screen '' in the same position and the computer says `` i like bouncing the ball . '' you press the red triangle with the baby crying and the bottle on the screen lights up , `` i 'm hungry . '' they 're just so stupid ! `` abc '' modeyou press the green circle button with the boy on it making a scared face it and makes the screen light up in a circle shape , except because the screen is a square , the circle is just one box in the center of the top , sides , and bottom . i barely noticed what it was doing after sitting there for 10 minutes trying to make sense of this junk , let alone a baby wo n't get it . all it looks like are a bunch of lights lighting up randomly . especially because after it lights up the `` shape '' one box at a time , it blinks and flashes and makes it go in an orbit motion , which just looks more confusing and random.and `` music '' modeis just the standard annoying , hit a button , you see flashing lights and hear obnoxious music with no particular rhyme or reason.this toy is DUMB . if you care about education and healthy stimulation for your tot , do n't purchase . we will be donating this gift .
 I bought this toy for my baby when he was 8 months old . No doubt its a durable , musical and colourful addition to his toy-room and he played alot with it for almost 6 months or so . He would love punching keys and listening to the electronic voice/music . The main attration for him is to listen to the tunes and see the lights flashing on the screen without paying attention to what it tries to teach him . And even if he does he wouldnt get how pressing a single key tells THREE different things -LRB- words or phrases -RRB- as there are 3 different play modes . For once it says the shape on the key , second time , the shape on the screen and by third time pressing it you will hear a different thing that coresponds to the picture . It gets very confusing for the little minds , I guess . I have n't seen any educational value for this toy atleast which is the main reason parents would prefer buying such toys . For punching keys and music its pretty good ... but no learning!The sond bad thing is you need to watch as childern may pinch their finger between the lid . He 's no longer interested in it and im thinking of buying another laptop for him with better learning skills .
 My son likes this toy a lot . He is always trying to play with mom and dad 's laptop so we thought this would be perfect . However , he likes to shut it and once he does he cant open it . Whoever designed this obviously does n't have any kids because it 's too hard to open ! So he he ends up screaming and crying and I 'm constnatly having to stop what I 'm doing and open the stupid laptop again , just for him to shut it a few seconds later . I hate this toy !!
 My daughter has four electronic Vtech toys and I would not recommend this brand . Within a month of opening each of them , and sometimes within hours , they start to freeze , stutter , often reboot , or get stuck in loops . This makes the toys even more annoying than when they work.For example , this particular toy sings `` My first laptop is so fun , it 's made just for meeeeeeeeee , learning all about my home , come along and see !!! '' to the tune of `` Yankee Doodle '' after a few seconds of non-use . Every time my daughter looks away from the toy for a few seconds , I hear this . It gets very old , very fast.Besides that , I see absolutely no educational value in this device or any of Vtech 's toys . I 'm not fond of this brand and would encourage you to avoid it .
 I ordered this for my son for Christmas . I wish all of the information had not gotten thrown away because I would have sent it back . I chose to order this one because it was bigger that the aquariums we had found in stores . The aquarium is very flimsy . I am not sure how it is even going to hold water . Maybe when the tadpoles get here it will be more fun . Lesson
 I bought two tadpoles for this set . Both died . I had bought this set with a grant for my classroom . All it taught my students was death . The tadpoles did not develop at all . Currently we are using the Grow a frog kit . The tadpole has all his legs after two weeks ! It is a better set .
 I inherited this `` habitat '' when I got my current teaching job . I too feel it is way too flimsy and that the tadpoles do n't have enough room -LRB- they kept swimming onto the banks and had to be rescued -RRB- AND it gets dirty way too quickly . It was set up in January and as of Memorial Day , the tadpoles were tiny and had no signs of getting legs . Plus it was hard for my preschoolers to actually see them . After bringing them home for the summer , I put them into a 10 gallon aquarium . They have grown quite a bit in the last couple weeks and both of them finally have legs . Plus they are a whole lot easier to watch . For $ 10 more , you can get the entire 10 gallon starter kit complete with a filter , plants etc. .
 I am at a loss for words when attempting to describe my shock at examining the Planet Frog
 My daughter recieved this planet frog kit for her birthday in April of 2003 . We immediately sent off for the tadpoles . The company informed us that they were out of Tadpoles and we would have to wait until September for them to arrive . In the meantime , my 9 year old opened the habitat and lost the instruction book . The Tadpoles did arrive -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- in September as the company said . They had two small packets of food included . We were to give one pellet a day which we did . Then my 9 year old -LRB- about 8 weeks later -RRB- spilled all the pellets on the floor . I went to pet store , got more food , except it was `` frog '' food.To make a long story short , the tadpoles are still living in the habitat -LRB- It is now June 2004 -RRB- , but they have yet to even begin changing into frogs ! My daughter has gotten bored with the whole thing , and I -LRB- being too much of a bleeding heart to see them die -RRB- am taking care of them and still waiting for them to metamophasize.Meanwhile , I have tried to contact the company to find out more about these tadpoles and how to hurry up their change to a frog and I find they do not have a website to contact .
 I purchased this for my 5yr old son for Christmas and when we opened the box , We were disgusted at the fact that someone would sell this flimsy piece of garbage . The clear plastic is so thin and flimsy , it buckles when you pick it up . The clear plastic was cheaply glued to the brown base and when we took it out of the box , they separated . Both the base and the clear plastic are made out of the same flimsy plastic that probably would n't hold up a month . I regret not going to my local Books-A-Million since they have the hard plastic habitat . This was a big disappointment .
 I purchased this as a gift for my son . It definitely does make a splat ... about two hours after he opened it on Christmas . He was not mishandling it , just using as indicated and it exploded . This is junk !
 We purchased the ladybug and inchworm buggies for our young girls . The girls raced each around the room for lots of fun . However , the fun lasted less than 5 minutes as the radio-controlled aspect of the ladybug stopped . Nothing changed . No appliances turned on in the home or phones that rang . We tried several ways to reset it to no avail . We plan to return it for a replacement as the inchworm has worked just fine . Make sure you have alternate gifts or plans if you buy this one !
 I do not like these dolls they do not look good and they look like they are on a starvation diet overall i do not like these dolls but thats me to you they may look pretty but to me they look like they are trying to be cute
 I got this , and boy does it SUCK!I mean , when I open the box , and take her out , her arms fall off , so we went out to the toy store and got a refund.This one lasted longer , but still broke , and I only kept her in a glass case , and when I moved her , there her arms go!I ca n't play with it cause mum says that her arms will fall off again , and she dose not want to glue them back on.Well , mum knows best ...
 My 7 year old loves his Bionicles especially this set because it was challenging to put together . But If I had it to do over again I would n't have let my son have these toys just because I disagree with the movie and stories behind the toys . And also how expensive it is to collect all the pieces . The series does n't end , there is continually more and more bionicles to collect . I let my son have the Bioncles because to me they look like challenging lego robot sets to put together and some of his cousins had them . But if I had read the stories and the info presented in the movies first he would n't of had any of them . And I would n't have let him get hooked on them and wanting the rest of this endless series .
 My 4 year old girl loves the TV show . But all the Winx toys by Mattel leave both of us fustrated . The dolls hands are in such odd positions to make it nearly impossible to get them through the sleeves of their outfits without putting a lot of stress on the seams and material . The outfits are not well made and began falling apart after 3 months of normal play -LRB- this goes for the extra outfits you can buy as well -RRB- . The mini dolls are constantly needing to be glued back together with super glue . The Alfea College playset keeps comming apart as well . We have already had to replace dolls and clothing -LRB- were are about to get a third ! Musa doll -RRB- . It is frustrating to play with these toys because they keep breaking and are hard to dress -LRB- even for a 30 yr . old -RRB- . I would give a 0 star review for durability and but that 's not an option.I 'm about to purchase some of the italian made Winx dolls to see if they are more durable . We are extra careful with the Mattel Winx toys ! I do n't let my child play with them by herself because they frustrate her and break so easily!mudyfoot , mom in Dallas , Tx
 I looked for a long time for an educational piggy bank and thought I had found a tool to teach my six year old about money . Unfortunately when it came time to take the money to the bank I had to help him get the bills out with tweezers and tape the torn ones . Also had a very hard time explaining the difference between invest and save , just not a concept a 6 year old can grasp.The real shame is it made form two pieces of plastic glued together . I bought two of these and both broke apart . Frankly for the $ 20 I paid for this the free one I got from my credit union works just fine . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I bought these for my two young boys as their first piggy bank . Primarily I liked that they were plastic -LRB- thinking they would be unbreakable -RRB- but when my 38-inch tall son dropped the empty bank while he was standing -LRB- meaning the bank fell about 18 inches to the ground -RRB- it broke in several different places . This was on day one , the very first time it fell . Very dissapointed ...
 Sorry , Amazon , but you are selling this product for truly 3x the price I found elsewhere by doing a Google search for it .
 We purchased this piggy bank for our 3-year old and discovered , frustratingly so , that it is n't sturdy enough to hold a lot of change . We fill it up and the whole unit just split in half right along a major seam . This split did n't happen as the result of being dropped or shocked in any way . It just split when we picked it up when it was full of change . As a result , I can not recommend this piggy bank for its faulty design and/or inappropriate material selection .
 My 5-year old was kneeling on the floor when this bank slipped out of his hands and fell about 4 inches onto carpet . It broke in half along the middle seam .
 I bought this piggy bank for my six-year old son , who recently took up the habit of picking up every coin he can get his hands on . I really liked the idea of showing him how money could be spent/saved , etc. , and the reviews of this product were good , for the most part . The pig is certainly large , and attractive , and the blue plastic is clear enough that you can see the money adding up inside.I would not , however , recommend this bank to anyone . Perhaps we got a `` bad '' bank -LRB- other reviewers have attested to its durability -RRB- , but my son broke his within an hour of getting it . It was n't even that he was trying to bang it around -- he gleefully filled up a good portion of the bank with his accumulated `` loot '' , then went to move it from his bed to his nightstand , at which point he dropped it about two feet ONTO A CARPETED FLOOR and it broke in half.My son is still using the bank -- his brother helped him put it back together with duck tape -- but $ 15 for a piece of cheap plastic that breaks so quickly is way too much .
 I purchased this coffee maker for my 3 yr . old son who loves to role play with the real coffee maker we have . He was very excited about having his `` own '' coffee maker , however after only a few days it quit working . The lights and sound still work but the water wo n't run anymore , he was very disappointed as this was his favorite part of the toy . He still enjoys playing with the coffee maker so I will probably not return it because I think it would just break again and he has already accepted the fact that the water does n't work !
 listen people , i dont wan na be a hater , but this action figure really sucks ! im a big fan of the bloodplus series but this figure isnt good , it would of been nice if saya otonashi was on her own instead of being held up by hagi on one leg . the details are kinda good , but the whole point of this figure is useless , to me , its rubbish , i am ashamed , and i hope megahouse actually makes some figures from blood plus that are worth it , like amshel , or nathan .
 This has got to be one of the worst toys I ever got for my girls ! The girl does n't even fit correctly into the car and always falls out or her head pops off when trying to take her out . Bottom line is after a couple times playing with this my girls are done ! The got to frustrated with it and it caused more tears then cheers !
 This is the least durable toy I have ever purchased . The doll 's head popped off no sooner than when my daughter took it out of the packaging . The glasses broke and it 's a most useless toy even if it was made better . I want my $ 5 back !!!
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter.The subject matter is NOT for 8 year olds ... way too advanced . Maybe one in 25 questions are of their learning level . The questions are likely great for 10 years + , more like 12 I 'd say . But then I have to ask myself what 12 year old is going to motivated my moving their stuffed animal dog around the game board . I also think there is little room for children of different ages to play together -LRB- against each other -RRB- as the questions are so much more difficult . HOWEVER
 I was so excited to find new figure for my son 's spellcaster game . Clearly you can see the casting stone in the picture , along with everything else the figure comes with . Unfortunately , there is no casting stone . The figure does work on the spellcaster , but clearly does n't make up for the valuable missing stone . I will hesitate to order again !
 We ordered this game for our 6 year old son , because we are big fans of the Lego creator game . We thought this set would be just as clever -- we were wrong ! I could n't understand the directions ; My husband did n't understand the directions and after an hour , we finally just played with the pods and dumped the rest of the set . It seems as if they were trying to create a building game slash trading card game , but it was awful .
 $ 9.98 ? Please give me a break ! This is too much money for this worthless doll , with $ 9.98 you can a new skirt or something usefull . I think if people want to keep selling this doll they should change the price to $ 0.99 Fatima10 years old
 I luvv disney princess but i hate ARIEL !!!!!!! She is always soooo ugly !!!! i got this doll for my Birthday and i opened it up and i hated it soooooooooooooo much that i pulled its head off right infront of my family and friends !!!!! my grandma cried because she had given it to me and then i had to go to my room and all my friends went home . -LRB- that was the only present i got to open , and i didnt get any cake or cards or wishes or nothing !!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- so dont buy this ugly doll . its not worth the tears , the heart brokeness or the frustration , plus the lossage of a good birthday fun !!!!!!! Anna Maria
 I bought this as a gift along with a Gus Gus plush . I knew that it would be small , but I did n't know the quality would be this lacking . It feels like one of those toys you can get at a dollar store . The only reason I kept it was because I wanted to give Gus Gus and Jaq together specifically as a gift . The plush I got is pretty accurate in it 's depiction of Jaq , but again , the quality is nowhere near what you would find at a Disney Store . This makes me wonder about how genuine a product it is.The descriptions show two different plush pictures from different sellers . I received the main one with a red shirt and orange jacket .
 I ordered this and then found it for a MUCH cheaper price at ToysRUs so I decided to return it since I did not open the box . The company it was sent from is based in England -LRB- Otherland Toys -RRB- so it would cost me half the price of the toy just to ship it back . I 'm annoyed that I bought the item in the US and it was not specified that it would sent from abroad . I would not buy it again just for the inconvenience of how long it takes to get the item and how much it costs to send it back.BRIO Shinkansen Train
 If you are into seeing frustration and disappointment on the face of your little girl , certainly buy this knitting machine . Handle is very difficult to turn at times and the machine drops stitches no matter how careful you are . I am an experienced knitter , and let me tell you , it is going to be easier to teach my daughter the art of knitting manually rather than trying to use this machine again ! The purchase from Amazon was our second attempt , thinking that the first machine was just defective . Not so ! The second one failed just as horribly and I would not recommend this badly made toy for anyone .
 This toy was the biggest piece of junk ! It keeps skipping , jamming , and making an all around mess !
 The yarn does not catch the hooks . This toy was a big disappointment because it did not work properly . The crank is difficult to turn , even for an adult . Big piece of junk .
 I bought myself a knitting machine very similar to this , the Sew Easy Knitting Machine -LRB- I believe they are made by the same company and are basically the same except for the decorations on the machine -RRB- . I used it for the first time today , and it is horrible ! One of the hooks broke immediately , before I even began to use it , and now it wo n't knit . I had used a Sew Easy Knitting Machine once before , at a friend 's house . She had gotten it as a present , and it was her first time using it . We had a lot of fun for about a half hour , then ... the problems started . A small snag in the yarn went through the machine , and the scarf that we were making , nearly finished , popped right off the hooks ! The scarf was ruined . We took the machine apart to put it away , and a hook broke . Hmm ... Coincidence ? I do n't think so . She exchanged the machine for a new one , and when I asked her today how it was working , she told me that a hook had broken on the new machine too . This machine is a lot of fun while it is working , but it needs to be more durable for $ 20 .
 My review is exactly as the others ! My daughter received this as a Christmas gift . She was very excited to use it . However , upon opening the box we found the plastic needle to be missing . After tracking down a needle at a craft store , I thought we were reading for business ! WRONG ! After only getting 1/4 of the way through a scarf the thing jammed up and would not turn in either direction . I did n't even bother to exchange it for another ! As a side note , I have used the SINGER brand of the knitting machine and it works great ! I made about 30 scarves so far with no problems . Good Luck !
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter . While threading the yarn on to help her get started I turned the crank for 4 rotations and the machine broke . It would n't turn anymore . We boxed it up and took it back to toys R us and were going to get a replacement . They told us that they had returns on that product every day , and also on other ROSEART products in general , and suggested we take our money back . If the store suggests we take our money back , then that has to say something . I am thinking about getting the Singer Model instead , not sure , but this one was JUNK .
 I got this toy as a gift last nite . Me and my friends all got the same thing . All three of us could n't get it to work . My Mom took me to the store today to get a different one , and when I got home , I tried to use this one and it soon stopped working as well . I was very upset I could n't get it to work and this product did n't hold up very well . I will be bringing this 2nd one back to the store to get my refund and buying something ELSE that works . My mom even tried to fix it and she could n't . Spend your money on SOMETHING ELSE !
 My daughter received this for Christmas , but it did n't take long for the `` best gift ever '' to become the worst thing to happen to her . She loved this toy , and she actually made a small hat . She was terribly excited . Then she started to make a scarf and the machine jammed . It never worked after that . We tried to figure out the problem . We got another one and it did the same thing . She 's completely heartbroken and I 've had to explain to her that sometimes things just are n't made to last . She asked , `` Could n't it have lasted longer than a day ? '' Cheap working parts . She was very patient with it , but it just is n't made to last . Did you notice that it 's made in China ? If it had working metal parts this would be a great toy .
 Complete piece of junk . I bought one for my five year old daughter , and it was broken before she could complete her first project . Not worth the plastic its made out of.Take my advice - invest in a nice pair of knitting needles and some colorful yarn and take the time to teach your child to hand knit . It would be so much more beneficial than to waste your $ 20 on this .
 What a waste of time , money , energy and patience . A total disapointment
 This knitting machine shows pictures of a purse and other fun things on the box . How to make the purse was n't even in the directions . And it was very confusing and difficult to make the other items . We tried to make a flat panel following the directions , but it did n't work as explained . We ended up making three tubes and by the third one , we finally figured out how to sew it so that it would n't unravel . All in all , a total waste of time . The kids were disappointed and I was frustrated .
 We did n't even get to finish more than 10 rows before the machine jammed ! The yarn they provided was just a huge tangled mess that took me about an hour to unravel and make into a ball in hopes it would help the tension and thus eleviate drop stitches . Fat chance ! I am taking this piece of junk back and will let my daughter pick out something else .
 My daughter received it for her 8th bithday ; t looked like it would be fun . We were able to make a tube , but when we looked at it , we realized that the machine had dropped stiches so it looked like it had `` runs '' in it . When we tried to make a flat piece , it also kept dropping stiches . We finally unravelled the whole thing and are bringing it back . I gave it 4 stars for educational value , because , like another reviewer below , it 's important to learn that packaging and commercials are just pretend and can override the actual quality of what you 're buying .
 I bought this for my 7 yr . old daughter , she did n't even get to use it , the first time we tried it jammed , so after fixing this piece of junk 5 times , I am just going to take it back . WARNING ALL ROSEART toys are pretty much JUNK ! Do n't waste your time or your money !!! If I could give 0 stars I would .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . I tried it while at a knit out and neither the crummy eyelash yarn included nor regular worsted weight yarn worked . It dropped stitches and it also grabbed the completed work back up into subsequent rows making an unholy mess that required scissors and a surgeon 's skill to unravel.Do yourself a favor , just invest in decent knitting needles and scrap this awful toy idea .
 This product is badly made , and not worth any time or energy . Please do yourself a favor and do n't bother with buying it.I bought one , it lasted all of about 2 hrs , until it broke .
 I agree with so many of you regarding this product . It is a bunch of junk . I have gone through 3 of them . The first I was able to get one scarf that was not long enough to wear before the machine broke . I took it back to the store and got another one and I did n't make it through one round and it jammed and I had to cut the yarn out of it . Took the machine apart to try and fix for over 2 hours nothing . Went back and brought a 3rd . I was determined that I was going to get this to work . Broke after 10 mins of use . I gave up and am still searching for a better product . This thing needs to be pulled from the market . After spending this much money I could have brought a scarf .
 I too have had the same problems with this toy . My daughter was so excited about getting it for christmas , in fact that 's all she wanted . I wish I had read these reviews a long time ago . I would n't have wasted my time and money . I had to return this item twice . I thought that I was at fault the first time . I thought I cranked it too hard and broke it . Great idea , but needs to be more durable for $ 20 .
 This toy is great at first , once you 've overcome the initial adult setup . Crank away , and pretty soon you 'll have a nice tube . Do n't get excited . Before long , the machine will drop a stitch , jam , or in some other way mess up something that had your kid excited . We 've tried it six times , and the longest we 've gotten is about 2 feet ... a little short for a scarf . Most of the others failed within a few inches . It 's a great idea ; it just does n't work .
 My son bought this for his sister for Christmas and was so sad when it broke after about 5 minutes . The handle/gear jammed so that it could n't move in either direction . We exchanged it for a new one and that one was more efficient , it broke immediately so we did n't have to bother with getting excited about it working . This is junk .
 Okay , so as a mom to a 7 year old who crochets , I thought this might be beneath my daughter . Fact is , she loved the machine when it worked , which for TWO of them TOTALLED about an hour . The concept is there , but the plastic must break inside is all I can figure ... We returned the first one after about 15 minutes . The second one lasted long enough to make two long tubes , then it , too , jammed the SAME way ... I would love to find one that actually lasts beyond an hour , since as I said , the concept is good !
 I should have read the reviews before I bought this toy . I returned it after one day . It is a cheap piece of plastic which breaks easily . A child can not get the knitted tube off the hooks like the instructions tell you to do it , nor could my husband or myself . Not a fun toy .
 I gave it 1 star -LRB- lowest possible rating -RRB- because the frustration makes it NO FUN ; I gave it 5 stars for educational value because it was an education for my daughter that not all toys are quality , that there is junk out there , and that she had a new toy fit only for the trash - so she learned how to let go and put garbage where it belongs ; I gave it 2 stars for durability because in spite of our frustrated `` forcing '' of the handle when it seemed to jam , and angry banging it on the table , it did n't break - but can see how it easily would with more attempts to make it work ; I gave it 1 star overall -LRB- again , the lowest possible rating -RRB- because it just does n't work
 This was the only thing my daughter wanted for her 9th birthday . I read the reviews and decided to try it anyway . The directions were terrible , but we finally got it to work -LRB- somewhat -RRB- and she made her `` scarf '' . So , I went off the store to get more yarn . I started to load the machine and it would n't turn . I could n't believe that it was THAT bad ! What a disappointment . I guess now I will have to learn how to knit for real to use all this yarn .
 I purchased this machine to make scarves , as the box stated it would . I did not even get a single row knitted before the thing tore up . It jammed , then it quit moving altogether . It was not due to the button being up , I made sure it was down . This is about the worst piece of crap I have ever purchased in my life .
 I gave this review the above title after reading all of the other reviews . It is the nicest thing that I can say about the product ; it is consistant . It breaks . After getting the machine `` threaded '' my daughter starting cranking out a tube . After about 5 minutes - at which time she manages to get excited about all the scarves , ect . that she can crank out - the machine jammed . End of machine . The plastic mechanism that works the machine is obviously not able to do what it should for any length of time . If it were manufactured with parts that would operate , kids would really enjoy this . Please do n't waste your money unless you really enjoy having to waste your time also - taking it back .
 This was one of the two presents ` Santa ' gave to our 6 year old for Christmas . After turning the crank about 12 times , the machine jammed . We took it apart to see what was going on inside -LRB- I 'm an engineer at heart -RRB- and saw the plastic pieces come out of their intended position when it 's jammed . After putting it back together it jammed again . Over and over this happens until finally 2 of the plastic pieces finally break in half . Worthless piece of junk that left our whole family a little depressed on Christmas day .
 My daughter received this as a gift . After 2 hours of easy use , the crank mechanism that turns the barrel froze up and would not move . It was returned and replaced by an identical item . The 2nd one broke after only a few out of light use . This time the crank itself fell off and can not be repaired or replaced . Buyer beware of this product . It is not durable and does not live up to the hype of the product packaging .
 I got this for my daughter for a Christmas present . It jammed up after assembling it . It is , with out doubt , complete trash . Rose Art used to be a good brand . Apparently someone has bought the brand name and figured that prison labor in China will somehow translate to quality products . More than likely , however , they just decided to turn out junk without a care for the brand name or the people they would be ripping off . This is not the only Rose Art product I bought - every other one I bought was broken or defective in some way . But this is the LAST time I buy anything with that brand name I guarantee it .
 Cute idea , but when turning the crank the machine is n't stable and you need an additional person to hold down the machine . Ca n't imagine any child being able to do this on her own . My daughter felt very frustrated !! Not worth the money !
 My experience with this toy was ... bad , horrible.This toy is the most horrible toy ever made.Why I even had baby toys better than it.What happened with the toy is ... On christmas I got the machine as a present.And that afternoon I tryed to play with it . and it would get jamed almost 15 times.This thing is a bunch of junk.DON ' T BUY IT !!
 This was a Christmas present for my son who is 9 years old and loves yahtzee and sponge bob . I thought he would love it , well ... Not so much . This is n't regular yahtzee , this is more for someone that is just learning how to play yahtzee . There are no numbers , only objects like crabby patties and other things from the cartoon . Not what I thought it would be .
 My kids had one of these that worked for a very long time . When it failed , the pictures on the screen quit showing . I ordered a replacement and it had the same problem . Half of the pictures on the LCD do n't work . The game is unplayable .
 We received the Cinderella Dream Sketcher -LRB- it 's pink and blue -RRB- with two cartridges -LRB- Cinderella and Disney Princess -RRB- as a gift . I have 4 girls -LRB- ages 2-7 -RRB- and they were SO excited about this . I was too , since I thought it would be a great entertainment in the car and such.There are only a few different games -LRB- even though we own 2 cartridges , the games are just slight variations of the same thing -RRB- . The screen and color quality are poor , not vibrant . The games are not educational at all , which is very disappointing . Not impressive considering the technology that is available these days.The girls still like to play it , but my biggest complaint is that it drains batteries like crazy -LRB- and it takes 6 AA 's -RRB- !! They have to be changed every other day , even if the unit is only played with for a few hours . The screen also cuts out intermittently , causing me to have to take off TWO battery panels -LRB- 4 screws -RRB- to reset the batteries or test them to see if they are dead again . I 'm buying some rechargeable batteries for it , but I do n't know how long my husband will put up with such an energy drainer.The only thing that makes me feel better is that I did n't waste my own money on this product . I will not buy more cartridges and would never recommend this product to anyone . There is much better technology and educational content available these days for about the same price or a little more , which would be worth it in my book .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas - did n't work right out of the box . Exchanged for a new one and it has gone through 6 new batteries each week . I still have not been able to get the software to work so she can not download and print images as advertised . In addition , the activies are difficult . I would not recommend this product for anyone . When it does work , my daughter seems to enjoy it , but it is way more trouble than it is worth .
 My daughter recieved this toy for a Christmas gift and it is junk . It is nothing like it is portrayed in the television commercial . The batteries pop out so you are constantly unscrewing the back plates to pop them back in place . The color display on the screen is horrible . You ca n't tell what the colors are . The screen gets jammed up so you have to turn off the toy and take out the cartridge to unfreeze the screen . No wonder I saw this toy on sale at Walmart for 50 % off the day after Christmas !
 I was so excited to get this for my 31/2 year old daughter for Christmas . Initially , it seemed to be a great toy . She enjoyed it and used it quite a bit . However , I had to change the batteries the next day -LRB- and 6 batteries are required -RRB- ; but was ok with that . A few days after that , I had to change the batteries again . By then , when I spent some time with it , noticed that on the color by numbers , you ca n't even read the numbers ! By the third time I had to change the batteries in a week , I was beginning to get a little upset . At that point , the stylus was not working properly and would not work on most of the selections . I finally decided to return it today and am very happy that I did . It really is a disappointment and should have been better thought out .
 My daughter got this toy for christmas 2005 and I was totally disappointed in it . The picture was grainy and the color was very dull . It was hard to see the screen and the games were not something a 5 year old could really do . Not only that , but after one day , it broke . Only certain screens would work and not others . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 When my five-year-old daughter opened this toy for Christmas , she squealed in delight . It 's been heavily advertised and she could hardly wait for me to put in the batteries . By the next day , she no longer played with it . My daughter called the toy `` kind of broken '' and indeed , it responds to a few commands and not to others . I 'm a college graduate , but even after recalibrating the toy , I ca n't figure out how to get it to work properly .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , he enjoyed it Christmas day and by evening it was working off and on . It seems as though the batteries bounce out of place and the unit looses power . I took it back today and got another figuring we just got a bad one . Got home and put the batteries in again , same thing happened only faster . Now I 've got a five year old crying for Nemo . It seemed like a great idea for a toy , with the print option , but it 's definitely not worth the price . This one is going back tommorow along with all the games this time . Going to get a Leapster instead .
 My daughter who is 5 received this item for Christmas . She was so excited when she opened it . She wanted to play with it immediately ! We thought the quality of the screen was POOR . I felt like the images were hard to make out . We are DEFINITELY returning this purchase .
 This toy lasted two weeks with my 3 year old and then suddenly stopped working . We have had many similar toys -LRB- Leapsters , Gameboys , etc -RRB- that have lasted years . This was a major disappointment . The games also seemed limited and not very educational . I do not recommend this toy . A better choice would be a Leapster -LRB- which we exchanged ours for -RRB- .
 I am taking my third dream sketcher back within 3 months . They all broke ! I thought I could overlook the lack of quality in the screen but ca n't overlook the poor quality of the mechanics . The only problems it ... I am still out the money for the cartiridges since it is over the timelimit . If you are reading this , do n't waste your money .
 My husband and I ca n't believe that Disney would endorse such a poorly made over priced toy . We bought two of them for our boys and they just like the other reviews might have worked for 15 minutes . I would love to have the money that was invested in them back . Now I do not buy a new toy unless I can find reviews on it .
 I just purchased the Cinderella Special Edition Disney Dream Sketcher for my 4 year old daughter . -LRB- She 'll be 5 in 2 months -RRB- She was so excited - until she started playing with it . It is very complicated to use . For example if you want to color the paint by number pictures you have to keep `` clicking '' back to the paints and then back to the picture . She could not tell what they numbers were because they are so tiny . I could barely tell myself . After about 20 minutes she handed me back the game in tears and declared it a bad toy and that she was n't a smart girl anymore . This from a child that mastered Leapster and V-smile the moment she got them ! I think the age range should be changed on this toy . It is much to difficult for the younger kids .
 I HAVE TO SAY I AGREE WITH EVERYONE ELSE , WE BOUGHT THIS NOT ONCE BUT TWICE I WAS CONVINCED THEY DROPPED THE FIRST ONE AS IT TRULY WORKED FOR 15 MINUTES . LIKE EVERYONE ELSE I TRIED CHANGING THE NAME BRAND BATTERIES , SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT , MY DAUGHTER WAS SO EXCITED TO GET THIS NOW IT JUST SITS THERE BROKEN WITH ITS 3 CARTRIDGES , BIG WASTE OF MONEY !
 The overall impression of it by looking at the product 's box and while the product is off is really good ; however , once the product is powered on the screen is such low quality that it is difficult to view the screen . There are a few games allowed without plugging in a game cartridge but the options are limited . The product does not include a game which often run in the $ 20 - $ 30 price range . There is no way I would spend additional money on this product . I feel ripped off already for wasting my time removing it from the packaging and installing the six batteries . The only reason I did was the children discovered an Christmas present which has not been played with -LRB- this product -RRB- . I can not return it and I would n't dare be the jerk to give this garbage to someone else 's child .
 We have two of these and neither of them work very well . They are very tempermental and it seems if the battery contact is not perfect the machine stops working . It stops working periodically while you are using it and sometimes it will not turn on . You can unscrew the battery compartment and mess around with the batteries for awhile and then it may or may not start working again . This thing is garbage and that 's where ours are headed .
 Do Not Buy This Toy !!! It was decent for a 2.5 yr old , even with its bad graphics , but it wo n't last . All of the reviews that gave this toy a bad review are correct . Batteries do n't last , poor graphics -LRB- ca n't distinguish between colors & paint by numbers are so small you ca n't make them out -RRB- , just stopped working after 2 days .
 We bought this to keep our daughter occupied in the car during long trips . She loves to do electronic coloring on the computer , the Disney software was appealing and the reviews were all good , so we were very excited about this toy . However , after unboxing and putting batteries in it , we are very disappointed in the product . The screen image is terrible -- you can hardly distinguish colors and the pixilation is very bad . The pre-loaded software only has 10 coloring pages . The dot to dot game does n't have the child follow numbers or letters so it has absolutely no educational value . We were not able to test the additional Princess cartridge we bought without tearing opening the packaging , but even if the software was great it would ` nt overcome the terrible screen image . The images look nothing like the one on the packaging . This toy is going back to the store tomorrow . It was a great premise , but poorly done .
 I HAVE TO AGREE WITH THE REVIEWER THAT WAS DISAPPOINTED WITHTHIS PRODUCT . IT HAD SO MUCH POTENTIAL FOR GREAT FUN . BUT , THESCREEN IS FUZZY . IT EVEN SAYS ON THE BACK OF THE BOX `` SCREENIMAGES USED FOR REPRESENTATION ONLY . '' -LRB- THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS CARDBOARD PICTURE STUCK ON THE FRONT OF THE TOY TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF WHAT IT WILL LOOK LIKE WHEN TURNED ON -RRB- . IT CONTINUES TO SAY `` ACTUAL IMAGES ON SCREEN MAY VARY IN PIXELATION '' . AT LEAST THEY ARE HONEST . TO PAY OVER $ 50 FOR THEMAIN UNIT AND $ 15 FOR EACH CARTRIDGE IS WAY TOO MUCH FOR THEQUALITY . LEAPSTER AND PIXTER ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITY AND MUCHMORE EDUCATIONAL IN ADDITION TO GOOD FUN .
 This toy has got to be the most annoying and frustrating toy ever !!! After my daughter played with it for literally 5 minutes it froze up . Their customer service just keeps telling me to reset it and that the pencil needs realigned . The screen goes blurry and it freezes up every 5 minutes or so . Then it wont even shut off when you turn the power off . Then they told me to use either of one of the two name brand batteries in it and I did and it is still doing the same thing . This item is a big disappointment and WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!! My daughter gets very upset with this toy and it is NO FUN for her when things go wrong with it every few minutes !!!!!!
 I wish I had read the other reviews before buying . This toy worked great for 2 days and that is it . It freezes up on screens , sometimes the touch screen does not respond and thats if it even turns on.The only thing this toy was successful in doing was breaking my sons heart ! Do not waste your time or money buying this piece of garbage .
 I bought this toy for my 4 year old for Christmas . It worked fine the first few hours and then it quit working . It was something to do the the pencil alignment . Now everytime we have to check the alignment before we can use it . This toy also eats up batteries like you would n't believe . My oldest son has a color pixter and I wish I would have gotten this same product for my 4 year old too . I was very disappointed with it . Now it just sits there as I hate wasting the money to put new batteries in it all the time .
 I purchased two of these and two cartridges for my children for christmas and they have been nothing but a hastle . They worked fine the first day but not since . I have gone through a ton of batteries as well and have actually had a few explode in the unit . Bottom line is that I would have rather spent my money on the pixter or a leapster than this piece of garbage . I cant believe that Disney would want their name associated with this `` toy '' .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who is at the house frequently . This toy worked for a short time and then would not even turn on . I sent it back to the manufacturer who responded with no help and sent it back claiming it to be repaired . It again worked for a very short time and then back to the same problems . Buy a leap frog leapster . Much better graphics and reliable . The graphics on the dream sketcher are poor at best .
 My daugther saw this toy in a catalog and we got it for Christmas , she was really exited , but after only 3 days the toy would not start ; we replaced the batteries and then the screen froze . We exchanged the item only to get the new one behaving the same way . This time I 'm getting my money back !!!!
 I agree with the other reviews that this toy is poorly made . I did not have a problem with the screen freezing until recently and the batteries needed to be jiggled to correct that problem . The batteries need to be changed every time we try to use it . I now remove the batteries when it 's not in use . The screen is also very fuzzy . My daughter does n't show much interest in playing with her Dream Sketcher . She prefers her Leapster .
 After reading the reviews , and getting the Dream Sketcher for 75 % off , I decided to try it anyway , but to make sure the unit was turned off after use . The first three days we had it , we changed the batteries 3 times . SO then I did a test . We put six brand new batteries in it on Wednesday , and my daughter played with it for about 20 minutes . Then I turned it off , and put it in my bedroom . It remained off until today , Saturday , and when we turned it back on , the batteries were dead . So the thing eats batteries while it is off . The games were quite stupid and every cartridge had the same art program on it , so all you really got different on each cartridge were a few stupid games . When the batteries start running low on this machine , the screen will not turn off , even after you manually turn it off . Do n't waste your money on this one . Ours is going back .
 I purchased the Disney Dream Sketcher for my daughter 's for Christmas . If you do n't have stock in batteries , I suggest you do not buy this toy . There is no other options for powering up this toy other than batteries . The graphics are terrible and I could of spent the money on something much better and more durable . Very disappointed this was backed by Disney . Nobody could have tested this toy because it would have never passed inspection . The batteries are hard to replace and it 's not easy to operate .
 We bought this product , three different games , and special ordered a cases for it for our four year old daughter for christmas , because she loves everything Disney and art . -LRB- ... -RRB- What a piece of junk !!! First of all it NEVER works and talk about fuzzy you can hardly even see the picture . It takes six batteries and I mean it actually takes six batteries every time you turn it on !! We buy name brand batteries . I have never left a review for any product that I have bought , but this was such a awful product it needed a comment . Rach Montgomery
 I bought two Dream Sketchers for my daughters this year for Christmas . Christmas Day they were fine and , yes , I was very surprised that they took six batteries each . By New Year 's Day , both of the Dream Sketchers were burnt out . I have returned them for my money back . They are very expensive and you would expect them to last more than a week . Please listen to all of the people who have reviewed this toy and have said the same thing - DO NOT BUY IT .
 My daughter received one for Xmas 2005 . Since then we have been back to the toy store 2 separate times for a replacement unit . All 3 units we 've tried just DO NOT WORK PROPERLY . Will be going back tonite to get my money back ! What a joke -- this piece of junk was almost $ 50 !
 I am in agreement with those who say do not waste your moeny on this ! The screen quality , when it worked was poor.The batteries run out or whatever the case is and it just never works.I tried to download the pics to print and that didnt work either.This had been a birthday present for my daughter and I am sorry I wasted my money on it .
 I purchased the Disney Dream Sketcher for $ 45 for my daughter for Christmas . Immediately the screen kept freezing and I 'd have to unscrew the battery doors to reset it . The batteries kept popping up inside their doors even though the doors were on tight . A tiny screw fell out without our noticing and the sketcher no longer worked . I wrote to Jazware to ask them to send me another tiny screw and they never replied . My daughter wanted to play it since she barely used it so I took back the one without a screw and exchanged it for a new one . I told the customer service at the store that the screen kept freezing so they 're going to send it back to Jazware . If they would 've sent me the screw , I would n't have taken it back and they would n't have had to eat the cost of it . The new one which I just bought , has already had the screen freeze . DO N'T BUY THIS !!
 My daughter recieved this toy as a gift for Christmas , and she absolutely loves it . That 's why this is so heartbreaking ! This toy eats batteries like crazy , there is no plug in alternative . The screen freezes , and the screws over the battery compartment are so tiny that they have stripped the threading in the plastic . My daughter is really sad that she ca n't play with her dream sketcher , because she likes it a lot . I think I 'm going to look into a v-smile or leapster for christmas this year .
 I bought this the christmas before last and paid outrageous price . It broke within the day , and the reset button did n't help the problem . Then a few weeks ago , i bought it at clearance at target for 5.00 . It lasted three days before it broke . No wonder why they are on clearence . They do n't work !
 We received this as a gift . I am not impressed . The screen is very grainy and the colors are n't very vibrant . Some of the features work , but you really have to play around with it . We do not have any cartridges yet , so I do n't know if that will make a difference . -LRB- Although they seem hard to find . -RRB- Despite my opinion , my 4 yr old daughter likes and only gets frustrated occaisionally . She keeps calling it Leapster ... spend the extra money and go for that !
 I bought this for my nephew for his 1st birthday . He loved it - that is until he kept getting pinched by the wings and ` owwies ' from the propellers . It tipped over a lot too - in the end it was easier to throw it out than to deal with the injuries it caused ! He had it less than 2 months - what a waste of money . Would n't recommend at all .
 I was looking forward to anakin in this package as well as the airborn trooper . To my dislike I found out that ankins figure was poorly made , his face is akward and the articulation is horrible . The only good side is the trooper which was ok , good articulated and looked great . In short , if u looking for the airborne trooper buy it now , but be awared that the other figured fails across the board
 This was the first cube I bought after my standard 3x3x3 Rubik 's cube . The quality was very poor . The 4x4x4 has too much play and quickly falls apart if you are n't careful.I 've seen much better quality from the V-Cubes . They are much smoother and do n't fall apart as easily .
 We love Rubik 's cubes but it was very very disappointing that this item broke within the first 24 hours . Particularly disappointing since it was a gift for our son . According to Amazon , our window for returns has expired . Very very very disappointing .
 This cube is expensive , and terrible . Within the first five minutes it broke . I would recommend highly buying the LanLan 4x4 rubiks cube . The 4x4 cube by Rubik 's is terrible .
 What !? Other people reviewing this product Rubik 's 4x4s that come apart ! Boy , I wish !! By what I can see , this Winning Moves Rubik 's -LRB- with stickers -RRB- is so poorly designed and crafted that I 'll need to get inside and sand down all the burrs , flack , and misaligned surfaces and then give it a good lube job . Unfortunately , I ca n't get the thing to come apart !! I use twisty puzzles for physical rehabilitation after damaging the nerves to my fingers . I have numerous puzzles including three 4x4x4s , a LanLan 6.5 cm Speed Cube -LRB- tiles -RRB- , a Meffert 's Challenge -LRB- tiles -RRB- for speed cubing , and now this one . The LanLan is loose , smooth , and required no lubrication . It simply works . If anything , it 's too loose -- almost sloppy . The Meffert 's needed lubrication and several tiles fell off during shipping . The zip-lock kept them from getting lost . If nothing else , it 's a good thing the poorly glued tiles came to my attention before tragedy struck -LRB- losing them ; choking hazard -RRB- . The Meffert 's has become my `` user '' cube.I now own three Rubik 's brand cubes
 I used to love playing with the 3x3 Rubik 's cube as a kid and decided to get it for my son for Christmas . I mistakenly ordered the 4x4 , but decided it did n't matter - still the same kind of fun and challenge . The day it was opened , the stickers started to come off and when I tried to use it , within the first 30 seconds , four pieces came off , one of which broke and ca n't be fixed ! I just went online to order the 3x3 , but are finding similar reviews about stickers , etc. . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT !!
 I bought the cube , and it was in ruins a week later due to the fact that the cube started showing signs of flakiness by the second day
 I love the original 3x3 Rubik 's cube and I play with it all of the time . All of my friends had this 4x4 and it looked really fun . So I bought this 4x4 Rubik 's cube and waited many days for it in the mail . Then I got the package , opened it up , started playing with it , and then 3 pieces snapped out and fell on the floor . One of those pieces was a center piece that ca n't be put back on . I was n't even spinning the cube that hard , and it just broke . So right now I wasted 20 bucks on a broken piece of junk cube .
 Purchased a 4x4 rubik 's cube and it lasted no more than 5 minutes before it fell apart . The pieces started coming off of the ` ball ' that is inside the cube . Do n't buy this thing , it is a waste of money !
 I have been a big Rubiks cube fan for a while but , I lost a lot of my interest in them with cube . I solved it once and then it broke.I was really disappointed in its quality . It does n't move well at all and it breaks if you dont precisely turn it every time.Get it if you want , but it wo n't last long .
 Rubicks brand cubes are good for the 3x3x3 , not the Rubicks revenge . This cube is has several deep flaws . First of all , the stickers are n't on very well . they will start to peel at the edges after about two weeks . The construction is also bad . The pieces come out so easily that if you are performing a complex algorithm and a cublet pops out , you have to put it in and possibly start over . I by no means am rough when i turn it , I generally do n't `` speed cube '' , and the cubes STILL pop out - terrible . It does not turn very well , and you are constantly getting annoying pops and clicks when you turn it . It is not very sturdy either . It feels like it will come apart if you turn something the wrong way . In fact , it did this once to me . I turned a side when the rest of the cube was slightly ajar , and five or six pieces just pop out and scatter across the room ! Once one piece pops out , the whole construction goes limp , and even MORE pieces FALL OUT . Reconstructing this cube is not fun . Do not buy this product . Get the V-Cube 4x4x4 , they are much better and do n't have any of these problems .
 I got this 4x4 as a gift from a friend . I had solved a 3x3 more times than I could count so solving this was n't that hard . But the first thing I noticed immediately was it was extremely difficult to turn . I lived with it for the time being and continued . On my 10th or so move one piece popped out the edge . I had heard that this was prevalent so I simply popped it back in and continued . 20 or so moves later all of the sudden 4 or 5 pieces popped out and before I knew it the entire cube was in pieces . I was angry for sure so that night I spent an hour re-assembling the cube . I had successfully done and lubricated the cube so now I could turn it quite nicely . I scrambled and began to solve . This time about 45 moves into it 6 or 7 pieces popped out without warning and the cube was destroyed yet again . The Rubik 's brand 4x4 is not very well built and I would suggest a cube made by Eastsheen or QJ . Do n't buy this particular cube .
 I ordered the 4x4 after I got bored with a 3x3 and thought I would enjoy it . I really did , but after I started my second run through , I made a turn and the entire thing fell apart in my hands . I am extremely unhappy with the quality of the cube , not only because of the falling apart , but also because it was extremely hard to turn while it was together . It looks like I am going to have to buy a v-cube now .
 The 4x4x4 Rubik 's cube is very hard to turn , locks up a lot , and pops a lot , too.What am i saying ?? Well , it 's very hard to turn . If you would like to lubricate it with silicone it does n't make it any better.It locks up a lot - meaning that it gets stuck . You cant turn the layer anymore . You have to twist back or twist other layers to get it back to work . This cube is NOT recommended for speed cubing.It pops , A LOT . The piece come off all the time . I did n't have one solve where one piece did n't come off.I recommend this cube for beginners . Those who never had any experience with a 4x4 . But i do not recommend it to those who want to solve it fast or are annoyed by the lockups -LSB- every second turn it locks up -RSB- and pops -LSB- it pops when you have a lockup and accidentally pushed too hard or you 're turning the layers very fast -RSB-
 a corner piece broke off the second i started playing with it . i was able to snap it back on , but eventually one of the middle pieces fell off on a plane and i never found it . horrible durability ! invest your money on a better quality cube
 Please be advised that this specific brand needs improvements , if broke in only few days of use , without any resistance to mild use . Get the Lanlan which is cheaper and is very easy to turn .
 I got this cube , and on the first day , one of the pieces broke , meaning that I had to order another . Even with the new one , it is incredibly hard to turn and constantly catching on itself , and I do n't want to turn it too hard for fear that it might break again . Also , pieces are constantly falling out as I am turning it . I would advise getting an older version of the 4x4x4 , because the ones that came out before it was re-designed are much better at turning , and stay together .
 BLOCKS FELL OUT AFTER ONE WEEK , REINSTALLED THEM AND IT WORKED FOR ANOTHER WEEK . NOEW THE INTERNAL CONNECTIONS BROKE. , IT DONE . CERTINALY NOT THE QUALITY OF THE ORGINAL .
 I should have researched more before buying this cube . It is really hard too move and it feels like the cubies could break if you turn too strong
 I just got the cube , using it for the first time . In about 4 minutes , one of the corner pieces broke . The plastic broke off so now its garbage . What a piece of crap . A complete waste of money . I want my money back . DO NOT BUY THIS.Dont buy it . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I received it two days ago and it is broken after a couple of tunrs.I just ordered a lanlan 4x4 for my son again . hope they will last longer time than this.The cube looks cheaper than the price it costs . I guess that the box costs more than the cube.Kids do not care about the box !
 when i first got the cube cube it was really stiff so i was thinking you just need to play with it and it will loosen up , but it did n't in fact it just got worst ! In just 3 days the stickers started peeling off , it always locks up pieces are always popping out . and 4 days later the green center piece broke off !!! I bought Rubix because i love my 3x3 despite reading bad reviews and comments i did n't believe them so a waste of money not worth it at all ! I would say the only up side to this i for me to never waste money on rubix again !
 Bought a 4x4 Rubik 's Cube for my grandson for Christmas . He had become very good at a 3x3 -LRB- the standard Rubik 's Cube that all of us had back in the 70 's . -RRB- The cube that I bought from Amazon lasted about 20 minutes and then the cubes all came apart ... Have you ever seen a disassembled Rubik 's Cube ... just amazing and of course there was NO chance of putting it back together . I had to go out to a Book Store on the day after Christmas to purchase another 4x4 for him ... and this one has survived . The one that I bought from Amazon was significantly cheaper than the one from the book store ... and I guess it just goes to show that you get what you pay for .
 I got this for my close friend for christmas to replace the one he had lost , and he took it out of the packaging and rotated it a couple times to mix it up and one white middle cube broke letting the whole thing fall apart . Unfortunately we had just taken the trash out because the garbage truck was coming up the road , so we lost the packaging and can not return it . I assume a factory defect on this one because I have never seen one break like that . Now I have to wait until I have extra money to buy another . In the mean while my friend and I get to stare at a ziploc bag full of pieces that serve no purpose .
 At first , I thought it turned pretty smooth besides the jams here and there . Some pieces ept popping out , so I found myself smacking them back into place . I wish V Cube would make a V cube 4 already . It was a little stiff here and there . Can be frustrating . Not bad for a 4x4x4 , but I 'm trying to find better.I got pissed because the other night I was doing some speed solves and I was getting close to getting under 3 minutes finally , but suddenly it snapped and like half the pieces came out . It 's totalled . This cube is finished . I 'm pissed . If you do n't cube as much as me -LRB- like maybe one to five solves a night -RRB- then you 're straight . Get it ... But I solve cubes literally hundreds of times in a day b ecause it 's so addictive . This is not hte cube for the 4x4x4 realm .
 I had this for about an hour and one of the center peices broke off . I was pretty peeved . I ordered a Lanlan 4x4 , hopefully I have better luck with that brand . Do not buy this brand , it 's pretty fragile .
 If you are at all familiar with the larger rubik 's cube , then it is no real shocker that the Rubik 's brand is not the best option . These cubes are pretty expensive , but very poorly made . It is prone to break easily , but even if it does n't , the motion is not smooth at all . The stickers will wear out with a solid week 's worth of play.Your best bet is to track down an Eastsheen cube -LRB- best bet is on eBay -RRB- or to wait for V-cubes to release their version.If you are already stuck with one though , replace the stickers at -LSB- ... -RSB- and browse online for a cube-lube -LRB- again , eBay is a pretty reliable source -RRB- , or even just a silicone-based lubricant . That ought to get you some decent use out of it .
 I hate writing reviews . . but this product is so seriously bad . . that I do n't want another person to waste their money . I bought 2 of these for my husband and myself ... they broke within days !! one the next the other 2 days later . . I ended up ordering them again from a professional speed-cubing company located in Germany -LRB- Cubikon -RRB- . . I am so disappointed that companies can get away with selling such a bad quality product and stealing from consumers . I am out 40 dollars . . Nobody cares . . and life is to short for me to pursue this any further . . I am only writing this so you do n't make the mistake I made . . I did not listen to the reviews here either
 As usual the Rubik 's brand cubes fall short of the competition . Amazon has way better 4x4s for way cheaper . This thing locks up so badly that it is almost impossible to solve . It also pops occasionally . I would say this cube is definitely not worth the buy . Shop around on here and find a better one . This is the worst 4x4 on the market .
 Knowing how to solve the 3x3 Rubik 's cube i was excited for the challenge of the 4x4 . I ordered a Rubik 's and did not enjoy solving it because it was so bad . After watching a few legitimate reviews I decider to look at a new 4x4 . I ordered a LanLan 4x4 and I have shunned my rubiks ever since . It cost half as much and was more then twice as good . The Rubiks turns horribly and locks up consistently . I can solve the lanlan twice as fast and I thoroughly hate the Rubik 's . Do NOT BUY THIS for the same $ 20 you could get a LanLan or better yet a Eastsheen , Meffert , or Maru .
 I recieved this cube quickly and in good shape . After playing with the cube for less than 10 minutes , it broke . Complete Rip-Off . I am very upset that this product was so poorly put together .
 A corner piece broke off after 5 min . We have the smaller version of this which is very durable . This one is not . Too much of a hassle and shipping cost to return . Perhaps this item should not be made if it ca n't hold up to 5 min .
 The fun of the cube is solving the puzzle and then doing it fast , but it wo n't hold up to much movement at all.Not worth the time/money .
 Not a very good cube not satisfied not what i was expecting from a rubiks brand and its one of the most expensive 4x4x4 's out there really not worth it -LRB- especially when my cube was faulty -RRB- good seller got the refund , so yeah .
 It weorks but it is hard to move the cube around . Price was low but you get what you pay for . I would not buy this brand again . hard to move the cube .
 For those of you who are just getting into cubing , I 'm sure you have a positive opinion of the Rubik 's company , the first , largest , and most famous of the companies that make these puzzly cubes.Unfortunately , by this point the company has gotten fat , lazy , and complacent . Their cubes blow.In particular , with this one , the 4x4x4 , the stickers will come off before long , meaning the puzzle wo n't be solvable because you 'll have too many white cubes . It 's also not very well put together mechanically and will likely come apart . I know the 4x4x4 and anything larger is not recommended for speedcubing for this reason , but still.By this point , you should get your cubes from companies like Lanlan and Eastsheen . Even though you may not recognize their names , they still put out better products that last longer .
 Thinking that this would be a more challenging toy than the 3x3 I purchased it . However within a few hours I noticed a few of the stickers were already coming off . This by itself was annoying , but within the next day or two , the whole thing became disassembled in my hands . Even knowing that they were going to be fragile from other reviews I managed to break it . If you buy this , I recommend making sure you 're very gentle with it , and make sure all the pieces are lined up before you try to turn a section . Or just keep it as a desk piece for conversation.In conclusion , I would not recommend this for someone who 's looking to get any real use out of it . -LRB- As a side note , I also purchased the 5x5 , and had the same sticker problem , however , when the 4x4 broke I did n't try to use the 5x5 and it just sits on my desk looking pretty -RRB-
 The cube is not the best . Probably the worst of the Rubik 's brand . The center pieces pop off easily and can not be replaced . I turned it once and a piece came off . I reccomend to buy a speed cube like a Lanlan .
 After thoroughly enjoying the 3X3 , I thought my family would like the 4X4 , but it falls apart very easily and wo n't stay together ... kind of difficult as you twist it and try to solve it .
 A 4x4 is quite more interesting than a 3x3 . This particular cube falls apart before the stickers would peel , as in my case . The inner workings of the cube are loose and jam easily . So if you have much patience and a lot of time , this cube would be fine . However , if you wish for a better quality one , I have heard that Meffert 's are quite good , although not currently being sold on Amazon .
 With the resurgance of the Rubik 's cube over the past several years , it brought me back and with kids elementary and high school age I wanted to re-experience the fun of 25 years ago with the new generation so I purchased some Rubik 's brand cubes . 3x3 , 4x4 , 5x5 to share with my kids . They have been a lot of fun . The Rubik 's 3x3 is just as I remembered it . A bit stiff at first but with time -LRB- and a little silicon lubricant -RRB- it loosens up nicely . My 11 year old has already mastered that one ! The 4x4 is a real disappointment though . Very sticky and jams up a lot , even with a liberal dose of silicon lubricant . Also , the 4x4 is very prone to popping cubies when you go too fast . Simply put , the Rubik 's brand 4x4 makes me tired . The Rubik 's 5x5 performs better . In my opinion , do n't waste your money on the Rubik 's brand 4x4 . Instead , get a much better value from purchasing an Eastsheen 4x4 .
 I bought this on a whim while on amazon , just to satisfy my 80 's kid inside me , but only really played it a handful of times -LRB- was never really good at it . never got the full colors on each side -RRB- . Both of my kids have played with it , and i understand that it is a pretty basic piece of plastic , but after only a couple weeks , the pieces were loose , and the stickers had begun to peel -LRB- this is from normal play use , not from us throwing it at a wall or anything -RRB- . So , as much as i wanted to give this a great review , I would think that there are other Rubix Cubes by other manufacturers that wo n't fall apart as this one has . Give them a try instead .
 I love the Rubik 's 3x3 it 's durable . & after a while it starts to spin like a speed cube . But the second I pulled the 4x4 out of the box i was so excited . But the same night 3 pieces poped out . & was very difficult to put back in . & Even when I did they would poke out ... it 's horribly made , I highly suggest the LanLan 4x4
 I was so excited waiting a week for my new Rubik 's cube when , after 5 min of opening , a piece broken that was unrepairable . I can truly say this
 My son learned to solve the 3X3 and was excited to try the 4X4 rubiks cube . He checked the mail for almost a week and rejoiced when it finally arrived . Within minutes of play it fell apart a was broken beyond repair . Amazon has a lovely policy of honoring returns in unopened packages in origianl condition . How nice of them ! Not only did we waste our money but my son is heartbroken . Wish I had read the other 1 star reviews before purchasing .
 When i got this puzzle the pops and turning were n't to good . After i lubed the puzzle the turning improved alot . But the pieces poped more often . One time it poped so much i had to completely take it apart . when i got to the last center piece i found out that it was missing . when i noticed that i contated Billy hansen and got a replaced it . If i had to recomend the rubiks 4x4 i would tell them to get the eastsheen 4x4 due to the better overall quality .
 I solved this cube 2 times and while I was on my 3rd solve one of the pieces popped out , So like the 3x3x3 I just popped it back in , but when I did this one of the centers snapped off and the cube was broken . I now have a QJ 4x4x4 and it is one of the best you can get . You can get it for about 14 $ .
 Okay , this thing worked for maybe 5 minutes , literally . Then it broke and was unrepairable . WASTE OF MONEY . Barbie brand toys are always made cheaply but this is the worst I 've seen so far .
 My daughter just recieved this for a birthday gift . She turned three but has been real into POLLY because of a older friend . The dolls are cute and so is the van but the pieces , OH MY GOSH . They are so small !!! We usually buy polly and she does fine with the small pieces but this van has teeny tiny pieces that are almost impossible for little girls . The van itself is no where near durable . It folds out into a dance room but if you barely touch the sides of the bus the whole thing crumbles . Not worth the money !!!
 I got this `` Yoko ono Party and Protest '' playset for my sister for christmas , and ours would not only stay together , it was hard to take apart . The whole concept of this is way to PON DE REPLAY , but ours was durable , it could be because I got it in mexico . It might be made differently.The polly doll looks like she got bitten by a rabid circus raccoon with the Chenaynay makeover , or Yoko ono ! Our playset was The Tragic and Horrific opposite .
 My 5 year old daughter wanted a Polly Pocket house for her birthday . This is the only one I found at the time that was close to a doll house . I am not really impressed with this toy . It is pretty small for all the accessories it comes with . There is n't hardly any room to actually play with the dolls in the house by the time you put in all the chairs , beds , etc. . It is also a little pricey . I paid $ 40 and prob should sell for more like $ 20 . As for the rollercoaster part my daughter does n't even use it b/c she ca n't keep it together . It constantly falls apart . Hopefully they can come up with something a little roomier that will actually stay together while children are playing with it .
 this so called hotel is c-h-e-a-pit does n't have steps or an elevatorit 's small an not fun.the shop onlyhas a few accsories.the rollercosteris noisy and short.it is a whole bunchof crappy stuff . polly get some real hairand better playsets .
 What an ugly doll ! Black/PINK hair in a pony tail protruding from the top of her head ! The `` beauty bar '' is dark and dreary . What IS with the fur ? Come on , people , very weird .
 I thought this would be the perfect gift for my very artistic daughter . However , the graphics on it were quite disappointing . We actually returned it for a different product . Has potential , but not worth it at this time .
 These crayons were purchased for my son when he was 4 , last winter . I only bought them because they are `` Buzz Lightyear '' . It was n't worth it . The crayons are very poor quality . They are worse than the poor quality of RoseArt products . The crayons are soft , almost ` mushy ' to color with . I would n't buy this again , and feel the first time around was a waste of money . My son used them once or twice , then they ended up in the garbage , they were that bad . I 'll pay a little more and stick to Crayola products .
 I bought this for my daughter . i was shocked to find each and every piece were warped . We put it together the best we could . On Christmas morning , the Cinderella 's voice worked one time , and her face only appeared twice !! The next day I returned it and bought a sturdy , stable , adoreable vanity from Step2 . This cinderella vanity , although cute to look at was dangerous . It was so flimsy that it kept falling over and had to be propped up . My advise is to NOT waste your money on this inferior product !!
 I was excited to get this for my daughter , but found that putting it together was a bit difficult . Some of the pieces were warped , but I did finally get it together . The only problem is that the stool was missing the cone shaped piece for stability . The vanity does seem a little wobbly too . I am a little disappointed , but hopefully my daughter will like it!I did email the company -LRB- CDI Toys -RRB- about the problems but have yet to hear back.My last complaint about this vanity was that the mirror is IMPOSSIBLE to get out once you put it in . I tried for half an hour and could n't get it out.I would think about going for a wooden vanity that was more sturdy next time .
 My 4 year old just had to have this vanity for christmas and because it was the only `` big '' thing she asked for , I got it for her . Even after reading the reviews I thought I would come out unscathed , no such luck ! I put it together correctly , made sure everything was tightly connected . It worked perfectly all Christmas Day , my daughter loved it and played with it for about three to four hours , then that was it . Cinderella stopped appearing , the voice recording started running extremely fast , it gives the wrong or no responses when you chose something off the vanity . I promptly took it apart and returned it . Of course they did n't have any in stock , so I got my money back and hopefully my daughter will think Santa forgot to return it since he had to take it back to get `` fixed '' . I refuse to spend that money again for such poor workmanship .
 Broken on Christmas . Arrived in original package surrounded by plastic blown up bags in a large card board box . Package looked okay . Broken Stool and Broken Vanity Drawer . Obviously not much care taken at warehouse for a plastic toy . My grand daughter was soooo very disappointed .
 Not only did this toy not work , but I had a horrible time trying to get a new one . Nobody carries it any more . They must have realized it was defective and stopped making them . The people at Toy 's `` R '' Us were so rude to me . After telling me that they did n't have any , they said the would n't even give me store credit to get something that actually works .
 This table should have been made by Little Tykes . It falls over if not put standing against a wall . It still tipes a little . It could also say more than what it does , be a little more interactive .
 We bought this for our two young daughters for Christmas . Ofcourse the next day our 4 year old ate too many Christmas cookies and was running around the house with the key . I spent 5 hours tearing apart the house and looking for it . The girls are disappointed and I ca n't seem to find how to contact the co for a new key . I should have spent the money on one that did n't require an unattached key to work ! Can anyone help ?
 At 10pm on Christmas Eve when we got the vanity put together , we inserted the key . The light flashed , Cinderella appeared , but NO sound . We took apart the mirror and reattached it , and never got Cinderella to appear again OR any sound . My best friend bought one for her daughter and had problems getting Cinderella to appear as well . We went to three different stores -LRB- first two were sold out -RRB- the day after Christmas to get a replacement -LRB- thank you K-mart -RRB- . FINALLY we found one that worked . Of course , our 4-year-old loves it now that it works , but it is RIDICULOUS that Disney would put out a toy that has a 50 % + failure rate . What a disappointment !!
 We bought the toy weeks ago , and eagerly awaited Christmas morning to see our daughter reaction . When we put the toy together Christmas Eve -LRB- as it was a gift from Santa -RRB- it had an incessant beep and Cinderella kept flashing in the mirror , making the toy unusable with the key in and powered on.We returned it to ToysRUs today for a full refund and are looking for a replacement . I do n't think that we will purchase the same product based on the other comments - it does n't look like what happened to us was a `` fluke '' . I expect more from a Disney product .
 For the money we paid it is cheaply made.Xmas eve as we were putting it together we NEVER got the light up parts to work AT ALL . WE yanked out the mirror many times , tried EVERYTHING to push it more firmly together but ALAS no light ups or cinderella :-LRB- . Knowing our daughter would still enjoy the talking part it was left out for Xmas half working.She does THOUGHLY enjoy it , and talks back to cinderella a lot.Loves to interact with all the pieces that salvaged it a star IMO . I konw even with the bugs we hate about it she will enjoy the toy a lot.My Husband had to pull apart the mirror take it to his workshop to try & make it work . When I say pull it apart I mean literally take the back off the assembled mirror and sanded the plastic connector down to make a better fit ! Even now only cinderella lights up . At one point we had lights and conderella but that stopped after it was bumped . then it went on when pressed down . But lost it and decided to suck it up and just celebrate our victory of finally reliably seeing cinderella . He was paifully disappointed in the cheaply made and crappy conection used for what `` makes '' this toy . It isnt hard to make an easier and better connecting system . I got this on sale , not a big sale and it is NOT worth the money . They need to go back to the drawing board and make it a bit sturdier and a DECENT easy connection for reliable function .
 I am unhappy with this product . The lights do n't work . Cinderella does n't appear and it does n't say all the phrases.Only days before Santa is coming what can I do ? Our daughter will be unhappy since this was what she was so extited to get .
 This was the one thing that my daughter really wanted from Santa for Christmas . Months later , it sits in the corner of her room and is used once or twice a month . It 's not very stimulating and after a few minutes of play , she loses interest . It also tips very easily so we 've had to prop it against a wall to keep it from falling over . The volume is also very loud but that 's no longer an issue since I taped over the speaker . Cinderella appearing in the mirror is a nice touch , however , an adult needs to position and push the key in forcefully for her to appear . Quite difficult for a child to do . I wish I had saved my money on this one and purchased a nice wooden vanity instead .
 My husband and I spent two hours putting this thing together and we could n't get the mirror to light up or get Cinderella to appear . We then took it all apart , started over , and still there 's no light or magical annoying princess . We followed the directions and there is a tiny tiny gap in the mirror to vanity connection , but still ... come on ! We even tried a rubber mallet . Curse you Cinderella !!!
 Received this toy for XMAS and did not work out of the box . The lights and sound do not operate . We 'll see if the replacement is any better . I would suggest avoiding this product , as it appears the manufacturer does not have good quality control . It is hit or miss if the product will work at all . Also important to mention is that the design and quality of the materials for this toy is fair .
 This was a cute concept and my daughter was very excited when she got it . Then we opened the box up ! The some assembly required was a nighmare . The stool is too small for her to sit on and she weighs 35 pounds ! The make up falls out of the holes and the whole thing is not easy to organize for a 4 year old . The clear plastic drawer on top broke after 5 minutes of GENTLE play . The concept was cute but the quality just is n't there .
 To begin , we received the product -LSB- from etoys.com -RSB- damaged ! Though assembly was easy and the toy was appealing to my children , it lacked a certain quality I have come to expect from Disney . The decals were darker than the table top , which looks cheap . What 's more , the toy stopped working within several weeks of its assembly!It was a gift and too much time lapsed to send it back . I will try to contact the vendor , though.Please see my pictures on the product description page . Good luck !
 This toy is a piece of junk . I can not believe they get $ 75 for this - the first one we bought we got all put together and put the batteries in and of course it did n't work . The second one finally worked but cinderella is so faint in the mirror you can barely see her . The mirror is such poor quality its hard to look at yourself in it . The plastic has got to be bottom grade . It is worth $ 20 at the very most . Very disappointing .
 i bought this vaity for my almost 3 yr old daughter . -LRB- for me that can hardly put stuff together -RRB- its easy to assemble . . BUT the crystal light up and cinderella did not appear . so i brought it back to toys r us to have it replaced . . and just to find out that the new one that they opened . . you can barely see cinderalla and the annoying voice repeats itself 10times until you take the key off . its annoying for me but my daughter loves it .
 My 6 year old daughter received this gift from `` santa '' but Cinderella did not appear in the mirror . We tried the `` trouble shooting '' techniques listed on the manuf . website with no luck . we returned it to Target but they no more in stock . I 've looked everywhere -LRB- Toys R Us , Sears , and Wal Mart -RRB- and nobody seems to have them . After reading the other reviews I think I 'll see if she 'll pick something else . My niece -LRB- 2 yrs old -RRB- got one also and hers works but Cinderella is barely visible and you have to have the room quite dark to be able to see her at all .
 You learn by your mistakes , they say . We bought one , put the whole thing together , only to find the mirror did not light up . Rather than take the whole thing apart to return , we bought another one , took the mirror out of the second and swapped it with the first , put the mirror that would n't work back into the replacement box , and returned it , avoiding a lot of work . This thing cost a lot of money , and putting it together was a pain ! Do not wait until Christmas Eve to put this one together !
 My granddaughter wanted one thing for Christmas 2005 . She wanted Cinderella 's Talking Vanity and then of course you had to buy the interactive styling set to go with it ... about $ 120.00 total for this toy.Out of the box ... it could not be made to work ... Christmas Eve we are frantically looking to the other parents who took the time to write to let others know of the same plight ... took the thing apart , looked for the `` bent wires '' ... nothing . So , -LSB- kid -RSB- wakes up to a `` broken toy '' ... showed it to her grandmother and when asked how it worked ... `` Santa brought it broken '' ... out of stock everywhere ... best you can do is return and try to get your money back ... not the point . How can Disney and Amazon.com sell something with so many of these with so many problems and then not stand behind them ? They should have them lined up in their wearhouses with electronic engineers manning the Vanity Hot line ... will never buy a Disney toy again .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas , and like the majority of the reviewers , we too had a difficult time getting it to function properly . On Christmas morning I assembled it the first time ... it did n't work . I took it apart and tried what several of the reviews recommended , and still it did not work . So , I put it back together and my daughter played with it - no lights , no sound and she still loved it ! BUT , as parents it really bothered us to pay that much for something and for it not work properly . So , my wife took it apart , put new batteries in -LRB- and out about four times -RRB- , turned it upside down and all of a sudden ... we had lights and music and cinderella . Leave it to a ticked off mother to get it to work ... Overall , a poorly made product . Most parents can assemble a childrens toy with a successful outcome , not so with this toy . If I were Disney , I 'd be embarrassed that my name was on this one . Not worth the money , the time or the hassle . The ONLY positive is seeing my daughter talk to , and play with , Cinderella .
 We we went through three of these vanities to get one that would actually work at all . So , we thought that everything would be fine on Christmas morning . But , it stopped working 5 minutes after my daughter started playing with it , and has n't worked since . There is a connection between the mirror and table top and one between the mirror and the key that need to stay tight ... but they just do n't . It does not appear that this toy is really designed for kids to play with . It looks pretty and the concept is neat ... but we really have n't been able to see it in action at all . You are better off buying a better brand without some of the extra features in order to get a sturdy toy that will last .
 This is the one toy my 4 yr old daughter asked for from Santa . It 's dead out of the box . Tomorrow morning I get to try and convince her that Santa is not mad at her and even elves can screw up . Stay very far away from this toy . It is JUNK , and expensive junk at that . As for me , this $ 70 is the last that Disney will ever recieve from me and my family . With as many bad reviews as this toy has -LRB- I should have checked out the reviews before hand . -RRB- They know there is a problem with this , yet they allowed it out of the store anyway . TOYSRUS are contempable in my eyes from this point further . Merry Christmas , yeah right ... Thanks !
 5 Days before Christmas and it does not work . Should have read the other reviews.Only thing daughter wants for Christmas.Now what ?
 well , i thought my three year old daughter would really like this because she 's a real girly girl , wants to wear make up like the `` big girls '' , etc. however , she is not very interested in this vanity because the makeup is pretend and she bores very quickly . also , it seems that every time she touches the mirror it gets a permanent scuff mark on it , which really annoys her . the stool comes apart easily which really bothers her , and the middle drawer is hard for her to get in and out , and she tends to just pull it out all the way and put it on the floor . otherwise , i think it is fairly well made.the phrases may be hard for the feminist parent to swallow , but i 'm hoping she 'll just play with the toy and it wo n't permanently shape who she is.now , for the most important thing . we returned the first one we got because the electronics did n't work . my sister assembled the second one at her house and it worked fine , then it did n't work at our house . we realized later that the problem was that we use rechargeable batteries at our house , and THIS PRODUCT DOES N'T WORK WITH RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES IN IT . SO BEFORE YOU RETURN THE WHOLE THING AND GO THROUGH ALL THE GRIEF WE DID , TRY REGULAR BATTERIES.ALSO , BE WARNED THAT THAT THIS PRODUCT HAS N'T BEEN MANUFACTURED IN YEARS , AND IF YOU NEED A PART , IT IS GOING TO BE DIFFICULT TO GET A REPLACEMENT . TRUST ME , WE TRIED . however , the company i bought it from , etoys , was soooo helpful , we were super pleased with their efforts .
 We bought this for our two year old for her birthday . It was broken in the box . This was not made for children to play with it is just a cheaply made money maker . I am looking for something solid for my girls to play with . Disney should take their name off this vanity .
 Both my sister in law and I got these for our girls for Christmas . Hers ' does n't work in the least . Mine , when you can manage to get one of the keys in , Cinderella sounds more like Satan than Cinderella . Neither key makes her face appear and there are no lights . There 's supposed to be ... but they do n't work either . This was a GIGANTIC waste of money !!!
 I GOT ALL THE OTHER PARTS ON . MY IS MISSING SOMETHING AND THE LEG BROKENED . TRUST ME DO NOT BUY THIS VANITY
 I have a 2.5 year old and a 4 year old . They will tower over this thing . I went to Toys R Us to look at it in person and was shocked at how small it is . The concept is cute , but the size was super disappointing . Found something similar at Big Lots for $ 30 - not as many bells and whistles , but still a disney product , same style .
 12:30 AM on Christmas Eve , and I finally got the silly light to work . If you 're still having trouble , follow these steps :1 . Remove the mirror -LRB- I know you 've already tried this 5 times -RRB- 2 . Unscrew the top from the legs so you just have the top to push the mirror into .3 . Push the mirror down as far as it will go .4 . Flip the top over so you 're looking at the underside of the top and you will see 2 screws holding a cover over the bottom of the electronic port . -LRB- You will also probably see the gap that is keeping you from getting a connection -RRB- 5 . Push down on the cap over the port and you will hear a loud snap -LRB- I thought I had really broken it ! -RRB- 6 . Try it again , and the lights should work .7 . Stay up til dawn putting all the screws back in to attach the legs again!Merry Christmas!Daddy needs a nap !
 My daughter received the vanity for her 4th birthday . I had already purchased the Step 2 vanity which I liked much better , but Daddy went and got her the one she wanted . It was the only thing she asked for . It is very flimsy and tips over very easily if placed on carpet . Within 5 minutes I noticed a large scratch on the mirror . I contacted Disney to find out about replacing that part but am waiting for a response . The light up feature in the mirror is pretty neat . My daughter likes it , but the quality is poor and I do n't expect it to last too long .
 My daughter received the Magical Talking Cinderella Vanity for Christmas . It never worked . I tried every store to get it exchanged and was told it is no longer available . So I called the manufacturer , CDI -LRB- Creative Designs , info on box and they have a website -RRB- and they told me to try slamming the mirror into the table top . I did , still nothing , so they said they would send me a new table top . That was a month ago . I have called them back and would n't you know , they did n't have me in their system , I was told I would be put in the system , but was given no information on when I will receive the table top . My duagher also likes her vanity , but asks why Cinderella does n't appear or talk . How do you explain to a 3 year old that her Christmas gift does n't work and we ca n't get it fixed . I ca n't believe a company would manufacturer a toy for Christmas and not have enough manufactured for the possibility of exchanges . I guess that goes to show you the corporate world does n't care as long as they make their money .
 All my 4 year old daughter wanted for Christmas was the Cinderella Talking Vanity . She wants to know why Santa brought her a broken one . You see Cinderella does not appear in the mirror and the voice does not work . We tried to exchange at Toys R Us and they have none in stock . I 've looked all over the world and can not find one anywhere . My 4 year old does not understand why Santa brought her a broken toy and why he just ca n't fix it ! The whole toy is not sturdy and if it were up to me I 'd return it for my money back but my daughter wants to keep it . SHAME ON DISNEY !!!!!!
 My twin 4 yearolds were so excited to see Santa brought them the Cinderella Magical Talking Vanity , BUT LIKE EVERYONE ELSE ON CHRISTIMAS MORNING I PUT BOTH OF THEM TOGETHER AND NOTHING !!!!! I finally got the one to talk but no image and the other wo n't even come on . Tried everything but still nothing . Try explaining to twin 4 yearold that Santa brought them a broken toy and is not going to fix it . I Called Toy 's R US they said put it back in the box and get a refund their out of stock . So I 'm left with the choice , get my money back and tell the girls Santa took their presents back or just bend over , take it like a man and tell the girls Santa 's not going to fix it . Disney Should be ashamed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 As with alot of people had to explain to my 4 year old daughter on christmas morning why it did ` nt work out the box . My husband spent 25 minutes putting it together , another 20 minutes taking it apart and putting it back together again . thankfully this was the toy we gave our little girl and not a Santa toy . so only we look bad right now . She is very disappointed that it doesnt work .
 Our four year old daughter 's ONLY gift she asked for from Santa and it does n't even work out of the box . We are VERY disappointed . Ca n't wait to explain this one to her tomorrow morning ...
 I order this item and my 4 year old girl was so happy . After we put the first one together , we found out that the `` talking '' mirror did n't work so I had to take it apart -LRB- which by the way has the smallest screws which are pretty hard to get in -RRB- . Then we ship this one back and I tested the mirror for the second shippment first . It worked but as I 'm an taking everything out the second box I notice that the hand held mirror for vanity is broken and that the main stick -LRB- the Cinderella image -RRB- is not in the box as well . This toy is not worth all these headaches as it is made of cheap plastic -LRB- very easliy broken anyway -RRB- !!! Invest you money in a wooden vanity and put some Disney Princess stickers on it .
 This has got to be the most STUPITIDY OOZING Polly Pocket add-on ever ! Why do all of Polly 's other Freinds get jobs indoors like running a cheesy arcade while Lea The Ho-Bo Popcorn Girl is riding her bike outside for customers who are inside the hotel selling popcorn , I mean , she ca n't ride her bike inside , and i doubt anyone is going to leave the hotel for crappy outdoor popcorn . mabye Lea should of gotten an Indoor popcorn stand , it would of made a lot more sense ! and does she still sell popcorn at night , because customers could come by then , but would she still be selling ? Also , I doubt Polly the Popcorn Loving Dictator is paying Lea so does Lea get a break , what if she 's tired because she is riding her bike all day ! I would like to Know !
 I do n't have this toy , but my friend saw it . She said it looked weird with the bendable knees . I think the popcorn machine is cool , just not the girl .
 It pains me to write this as I had Estes rockets in my youth and loved them . But ... . My kids are now old enough and we got this rtf kit with an extra pack of engines/igniters/waddings . Out of the 30 igniters , we had 2 sucessful launches . The rest of the time the igniter shorted or failed to work . My kids were understandably disappointed . I called Estes and they were supposed to send new igniters - never came . So I tried the new Quest igniters -LRB- the ones with the glass bead -RRB- on the Estes engines -LRB- had 28 of them -RRB- . 100 % sucess launch rate.I am now a 100 % Quest supporter . Good educational web site too .
 I purchased this item as a stocking stuffer for my 8yo daughter . She is infatuated with the whole mood ring phenomenon and this sounded like a fun and different mood ring type experience.Unfortunately , this goop is nothing like a mood ring . First , it does not change color when you hold it in your hand or against your skin , LIKE A MOOD RING . Second , it has only one color , pink , UNLIKE A MOOD RING.You must place it in the microwave for a few seconds or in the freezer for a few minutes to get it to change from pink to clear/opaque and vice versa.Very disappointing , especially when the $ 4 price tag doubled because of the $ 4 cost of shipping . $ 8 bucks for basically a little tub of slime.Don ' t waste your hard-earned money on this stuff !
 I thought this would be neat for my sons science birthday party , a fun goo that all the kids can touch . I was really hoping it would change colors like it said , BUT IT DOES N'T ! Very disappointed . I got two tubs , which were smaller than what I thought . One pink and one purple . My son put his in fridge and it just got a bit darker . Put in the microwave and it turned blue . -LRB- btw the directions say to do this -RRB- But it does not change to the touch like it states ! Even the blue now does not want to change back . It does not work at all like a mood ring .
 Daughter has gotten into mood rings and has started collecting them . She was very intrigued by the mood mud and so I ordered it for her . Unfortunately the colors do n't change in your hand like mood rings . You basically have to stick it in the freezer . So not like a mood ring at all .
 i bought this product as sort of a stress reliever something i could mold and shape this is more like a clearish goo and does not turn colors at all do not buy unless u are looking for sum slime
 This tea set is extremely small . The pictures displayed are deceptive and not true to size . The actual saucers can fit in the palm of your hand in case anyone wants the true size . Instead of a tea-set for a child , it 's like a tea set for a child 's doll . Considering returning . Hope this was helpful . : o -RRB-
 I just wanted to write and tell people that I just saw this online at target and -LRB- why they are still selling it I dont know -RRB- but the put a warning under the description in all caps that reads
 This set looks so pretty on the website and despite all the reviews about it being too small I still purchased it . HUGE MISTAKE ! The teacups are smaller than a shot glass . Wayyyy too small . The set would be sufficient for a doll not 8 year olds . Disappointed ...
 The game timer did not work . Thinking the batteries were old , I bought new ones and it still would n't work . Was very disappointed .
 The answers to these trivia questions are way too easy.The sound effects are a bit annoying.After you play it once , you probably wo n't ever pull it out again because it only comes with so many cards . You may just as well use a trivia app on your smart phone and read the questions aloud .
 No problem with the supplier at all . However , the game was discontinued in 2005 , and the company that manufactured it -LRB- Fundex of Indianapolis -RRB- does not support any returns of discontinued products . It looks like a great little game , but mine simply did not work , even after replacing the included batteries at about $ 13 . So ... buyer beware!UPDATE
 We bought this toy for Christmas so it was wrapped and put away for Christmas . My daughter opened it and we put the batteries in it and it did not work . The return window of time had passed and we were stuck with a disappointed child .
 As many toys do this toy looks like a great idea . But also as many toys once you get it out of the box it 's a different story . My eight year old was so excited when she opened this for a gift , but was soon disappointed the clay cracks and breaks no matter how long you let it dry or how long you knead it . It must be a joke that kids are actually supposed to be able to make the vases and bowls pictured with the clay that is provided . And the pottery wheel is so loud when you turn it on my child does n't even want it on . very disappointed .
 This product just does n't work . You can make a rounded ball of clay , but nothing more . It 's noisy , underpowered , and cheaply made . Save your money .
 As soon as you turn the wheel on and try to touch the clay gently the wheel comes off its track and stops
 i bought this for my gradaughter and my daughter in law called me and said there were pieces missing and the clay was as hard a stone so we are returning it no she did not like this product
 The motor for this wheel on this is absolutely horrible . I understand it is a toy ... but come on !! It was impossible to make anything other than what looked like a piece of clay with a hole in the middle only the width of my daughter 's finger . The tiniest bit of pressure caused the wheel to stop turning and in order to create anything you would have to atleast apply a little bit of pressure . How dare they show an example of a bowl and vase on the front of this ?!! I really think the makers of this toy were counting on parents buying this one and losing the receipt -LRB- if I had the receipt -- I would be taking it back !! -RRB- or counting on that once parents try it with their kids and get it all messy with clay they would most likely not try to return it . Personally , I say do n't waste your money . We will most likely throw the wheel away and just use the clay and paint !!
 The wheel used in this toy does not spin fast enough to mold the clay provided . The bowls show on the box were obviously not made with this wheel , my 7 year old daughter ended up playing with the clay and we pitched the wheel .
 As the other reviewers pointed out , this toy does not work . The wheel stops turning at the slightest pressure . My child is now so frustrated that she is sobbing uncontrollably .
 I bought this pottery wheel for myself , just to work pottery in an inexpensive way ; however the pottery wheel just does n't work very well . I tried it once it was forming a vase but when I tried to take it off as instructed the vase collapsed . Also the wheel just does n't move around fast nor sturdy enough . I would n't recommend this product not even for children . It just does n't work well .
 My wife and I purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas . After setting it up , tried it -LRB- we all did -RRB- -- not worth the money . Characteristics
 This product is a piece of junk . The only education my 9 year old daughter got was an education in frustration . It makes a horrible mess and the end product was nothing but a wet lump of clay . I strongly encourage anyone who is thinking of buying this to think again . Do not waste your money and time .
 The build quality is awful , even for a made-in-china product . The worst part of the very bad bargain is that after charging the battery for 8 hours initially and for 4 hours before each use afterwards , the battery charge lasts only 15 minutes . Ca n't think of a kid who would want to race a toy boat for only 15 minutes!Now , there are some very fine rc boats out there for boat lovers of all ages . Some cost barely more than this piece of junk . Not worth even $ 8.99 , let alone almost $ 90.00 . No stand was in the box , either . Not that I would want to display my stupidity in purchasing this piece of junk for everyone to see !
 I asked for this game as a birthday present -- and got it ! I love board games , and the packaging and description of this game sold me . Unfortunately , we were very disappointed and are n't terribly likely to play again.I agree with the other reviewers in one sense
 I bought this pottery wheel for my grandson who had expressed an interest in this area . We have been disappointed in this product as it is difficult to use and not as described . The pottery wheel is small and for a 9 year old it is just not what we thought it was for him . I really can not recommend this product .
 I was disappointed - the doll that was shown on the website with teeth was not the doll that I received . This was for my grandaughter ' g birthday . It is VERY frustrating when you ca n't get back in contact with you when there is a problem , no telephone number just the website ... by the time I went through all of the confusion the birthday was over ... I had to settle with a doll that was not what I ordered . . I also incurred extra expense by purchasing another doll at WalMart and much to my dismay was not what I wanted . . so the whole birthday surprise was ruined . I will not purchase through this website again .
 This back pack is WAY too small . Contrary to the description , it does NOT hold any child 's work from school . My son is 3 and it would n't hold ANYTHING he brought home from preschool . Do not waste your money . In addition , the toy company I purchased from has a lousy return policy , so make sure you read them before you purchase .
 Just want to make sure no one expects too much from this product , the other review was right , it is very sweet ... but it is also VERY cheap . Would be a good gift if you 're looking for something inexpensive and to provide temporary amusement but the desk barely holds up after just a few uses , the stencils barely work -LRB- too small for stencils -RRB- , nothing really fits together . I bought it because I thought it might be good for in the car but it not nearly sturdy enough to hold on a lap . Again , very sweet for a cheap gift -LRB- ca n't beat the price ! -RRB- but do n't expect much .
 I purchased this game to have when my grandsons come to visit . My daughter-in-law looked at the box the cards came in and there is a warning . Made in China , This product contains lead !!!!!!! I returned it today.How can Amazon sell products for kids with LEAD ???
 Bought this toy from Amazon for my kids ... beware , it has a warning label that it contains lead right on the box . I DO NOT think kids toys that have warning labels are worth anything . JUNK . However , if you do n't care about the warning label , just know , it 's a fairly fun game -LRB- we played multiple times before I saw the warning label -RRB- , but the cards are super flimsy , which is a disappointment to pay $ 12 for cheap flimsy cards .
 My grandchildren -LRB- ages 8 & 4 -RRB- just were not interested in this game , and never opened it , even with urging from me . They like lots of other card games & board games , so I do n't know what to think .
 Great game until I read the warning
 Got this game for Christmas and my oldest 4 kids LOVE it . It was n't until 7 months later that we noticed the warning on the box -- `` Made in China . Warning
 I owned one of these about two years ago , when they only cost $ 500.00 and I have to say it was the worst thing I have ever purchased and I have owned many Electric and Nitro Helicopters.This thing is a total pain to learn how to fly , I could not believe how hard it was to control , and this is from a person that has used RC Helicopters for over six years , I finally got tired of it and sold it on E-bay and used the money to purchase a Thunder tiger Raptor 60 which was much easier to fly than this !!!! Do not waste your money purchase a real RC Helicopter you will be much happier I sure was !!!!
 Christmas morning , my daughter tears the paper off this toy and is soooo exited . What a disapointment . Nothing I did caused the tail to wag , the leg to move and no licking action . I changed the batteries , still nothing . After hours of trying to get it to work , I went on line here and read somebody elses review about rubbing under the collar VERY HARD . Finally , the tail wagged , the foot moved and then , it actually licked . What a piece of work , very cute but WAY too much work . In time , I will eventually rub all the fur off under the collar . Save your money .
 this was a nice ideal but it did n't do anything it said it would do
 I bought 2 of these things for my granddaughters . I could NOT get either one to give a `` wet '' lick . However , the tongue did move and it made a licking sound . It was almost pornographic !
 this product is terrible ! i purchased 4 , 2 for my kids , 2 for gifts . All of them are terrible . they eat batteries like crazy , my daughter dropped hers off of the couch onto the carpet and the screen shattered , two of the 4 need reset every time you turn it on ! the software does not work in the sketcher , you ca n't see the charaters even after adjusting the brightness , etc. . waste of money !!!
 I bought this game for my 9 year old . He was way too old for it . We both found it boring and non-educational . The questions relating to the faces and colors on the card do not help with learning anything about states . It may be fun for small kids but after 8 probably not worth it .
 Not satisfied with purchase . But the sender is not at fault . It is not what I was looking for . A little pricey too , I thought .
 I just brought this ball to our game last night . After just few passes we put it aside . It is like playing with soccer ball . It 's heavy that hurts your forearms and fingers . When droped on the floor it stops bouncing much quicker then other balls we had -LRB- Molten and Tachikara -RRB- .
 I gave this toy to my grandson for his fourth birthday . Eric said `` it was simply amazing . '' My daughter said he played with it for several hours , which allowed her finish up some things she needed to do . Any boy who likes Thomas The Train will want the Steam Set .
 I ordered this doll for my daughter 2 days before christmas . The doll that i ordered did not even resemble the doll in the picture . the doll that came had yellow hair instead of blonde hair and is very ugly . I could not return it because i had to have something to give my daughter for christmas . -LRB- the stores here had been out of them for a month -RRB- If you want the doll in the piture ... do n't get your hopes up . it will be diffrent .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas - worked all of ten minutes ! The ten minutes it did work she really seemed to enjoy it . Too bad the quality is just not there .
 PLEASE BE AWARE OF THE HIDDEN `` RETURN '' POLICY OF THIS SELLER ! Any returns are subject to a 15 % RESTOCKING FEE that IS charged to you upon its return , not to mention the cost of reshipping the item back to FANTASY FURNITURE , which will cost you at least $ 50.00 . And what a HUGE disappointment this couch turned out to be ! The pictures and descriptions listed with the products are VERY MISLEADING and DECEIVING . I had originally bought the item for one my medium size dogs , but unless you have a poodle or a cat that you plan to put on it , DO N'T BOTHER GETTING ANY OF THESE COUCHES ! Anything heavier than 15 lb 's will probably overload this couch and break it . Construction properties were quite shabby and cheap . If you plan to purchase this for a child , make sure that your child does n't weigh more than 15-20 lbs , or older than a 2yr . old or they will have outgrown this couch before they even sit on it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... LOOK ELSEWHERE FOR SMALL FURNITURE FROM ANOTHER VENDOR .
 I am a 20 year old male and I got this sofa to put in my room so i can have something more comfortable to sit on when i watch movies or play xobx . But to my surprise this is not for adults maybe if you are 2ft tall and weigh about 30 pounds but i should have looked at the specifics b4 i bought the sofa . But i guess it would be ok for a small child but for the price you may as well get them a themed couch like Cars or Transformers or Disney princess or something .
 Yes it has lots of buttons and , of course , balls for kids to throw around and lose , but we -LRB- the parents -RRB- hate this thing . The sounds and music are so annoying we had to get rid of it . The voice just sounds weird too . And it 's not like the kids really took advantage of all the buttons and stuff . They just liked that it was a helicopter.Just our luck our second kid received another one as a gift . Now we have to disappear the second one too . Do n't waste your money . There are so many other things out there .
 This little helicopter drove me crazy . It is really loud and the songs/phrases are annoying . Balls are hard to push through . For the play value he got out of it , it just was n't worth it to me . I was happy to pass this one on .
 I got this toy today -LRB- May 6,2011 -RRB- and I am very disappointed . I ordered it less 2 weeks ago and payed $ 18 and something for it and now is $ 8 plus shipping :O . I got it for my son cause he liked playing with it once he visited his older cousin , but todya he just played with it for few minutes and threw it away . I guess he liked it when he was at his cousin 's place cause it was a `` new '' for him . The sound is annoying and super loud and ca n't be adjusted.PROS-Good concept of putting balls and then they `` slide '' with a spiral movement inside the helicopter -- durable toy -- I like that it recognize the colors of the balls -LRB- green , yellow , blue and red -RRB- CONS -- The sounds that are supposed to be educational are kind of controversial . There is an A for ape a B for bear and a C for Cat . I would prefer that A would be for alligator since it appear a drawing of an `` ape '' but it is the classical figure of a monkey and it sounds actually like a regular monkey -LRB- not sure if monkeys and apes makes the same sound but I doubt it -RRB- anyway , the blue bear could be brown bear as stated as one reviewer and I do n't think the toy makes the sound of a bear -LRB- it sounds like a giggle or something else ... not a growl -RRB- Then . . the other bottons balloon , kite ... they could be other easy words that baby uses often like ball , apple , duck . or just all animals , cause later I think there is a short song where you can hear the sounds of those items in the toy -LRB- ape , bear , cat , kite , balloon and bird -RRB- and the sound of bear , kite and balloon are ... `` funny '' and then again the `` ape '' sounds like a monkey . Maybe the kids do n't realize about these things but you can get a better learning toy for your monye -LRB- see my recomendations below -RRB- -- Super loud :P and annoying the high pitch voice , you CA N'T adjust the volume . This is my main complain -- I just got it today so I ca n't say if it turns on in the middle of the night as other reviewers have stated . . CONCLUSIONSIt would be a great toy if they would change just some sounds and make them QUITER or to be able to adjust the volume or using another `` woman voice '' like in the Fisher Price Learning home or the Leap Frog Learning table.I recommend instead these similar toys : -- The Fisher-Price Little People Lil ' Movers Airplane -LRB- if you are just looking for a helicopter for babies/toddlers -RRB- -- I HIGHLY recommend the Fisher-Price Roll-a-Rounds -LRB- tm -RRB- Drop & Roar -LRB- tm -RRB- Dinosaur , the problem is that is discountinued buy you can find it available through seller in amazon , ebay or craiglist . I got mine through craiglist for 10 dollars and it is very stable even for very youg babies when they are just sitting down and starting to stand up . My son still plays with it and the roll-a rounds are of very good quality just a little bit bigger than this ones on the V Tech helicopter so they do n't represent a choking hazard or anything , since they are transparent babies can see the animals or sounds that they make inside . -- The Fisher Price Roll-a-Rounds Swirlin Surprise Gumballs , it would more similar to the Vtech helicopter since the baby can drops balls from the top . -- Other excellent learning toys are the Fisher Price Learning home -LRB- I recommend to get this one second han cause is kind of expensive , in craiglist or a consignment store look in your local area for `` consignment events '' or stores -RRB- an the Leap Frog Learning musical table . I just did n't see this helicopter in the last consigment event I went and I made the MISTAKE or buying it brand new here in amazon for $ 18 !! : pIf you are really tempted to buy this one , I think now for the price of $ 8 plus shippin is not that bad , but you might want to try it first in the stores -LRB- babies r us , target , etc -RRB- or got it second hand so if you do n't like it you do n't loose too much ; -RRB-
 I do n't know why but this toy is super annoying . My 16 month old son loves it but my husband and I hate it-I think it 's the voice and the music . It was a gift however from someone who comes over regularly , so we ca n't get rid of it . It has a lot to entertain the kid , we just find it irritating !
 My daughter wanted to play with the balls more than the actual helicopter . There are better toys out there in my opinion that hold a child 's attention better . I also found this one to be annoying because you ca n't shut it off manually . It 's one of those that shuts off when you are n't playing with it , but it was always randomly going off at night and scaring my kids .
 My 1st child got this as a gift for his 1st birthday . He LOVED to push the balls through it , but he did n't like it for long when it was turned on . It is TOO loud . I thought about tossing it quite a few times , but I thought I 'd give it another chance with our 2nd child . The 10 month old baby loves this thing . It drives me CRAAAAAZY , so I now decided to keep it turned off . He still loves it ... so I think it 's the colors and design that attract him . He loves grabbing and throwing the balls . Oh , and yes , the balls of this toy are some of the first `` toys '' he ever played with . The colors drew his attention . So , though we will be keeping this toy , I would never recommend it to anyone . . but I would recommend buying some colored balls with no batteries needed : o -RRB-
 I ca n't really think of any reason to recommend his toy to other parents . The volume is very loud and there does n't seem to be any value to most of the things that it says . One opening for the balls is on the side of the helicopter so that knocking it over sends the balls rolling around the house . It 's one of the few toys we have that can make a mess even when no one is playing with it . Maybe our `` exit door '' is missing ? I 'm not sure ; I 've not seen a picture of how the other side of the toy should look . The toy does teach a few concepts but mostly what sticks in my head is the annoying music . In addition , my kids do n't enjoy playing with it . I recommend you skip this toy .
 Like many reviewers my son loves this toy , but I hate it and it makes my husband crazy . Our helicopter is stuck on the sound of the rotors and the voice is like fingernails on a chalkboard . As far as educational , my husband gets upset because balloons and kites would n't be at the same elevation as a helicopter and bears are n't blue . Funny enough my son is napping and as I am typing this the stupid thing came on with no one within 20 feet of it . Unless you are a very patient person I would n't buy this toy .
 Mu son received this as a gift for his 1st birthday . This toy never shuts off . There 's a switch and you would think that the middle position , which is a solid circle , would be for shutting the contraption off . But no , it has to shut off itself and God forbid you should , move , bump , pick it up to put away , breathe too hard etc. . . it will just come alive all over again . This thing has gone off at night when I try to put it away or literally when I touch it . I like toys that can be turned off . Lastly , just when you think its done talking it just keeps going lol .
 Not only does my daughter not really like this toy very much , it also is probably one of the most annoying ones she has . The music and voice drives me crazy . She does n't really play with it at all , she just turns it on to hear the music and then walks away to play with her other toys or read her books . If I turn on my music for her , she completely ignores this toy . I think its time to donate it .
 This toy comes with balls of different sizes -LRB- e.g. , red , yellow , blue -RRB- . They are made of a very hard plastic , and my 1 year old was able to fit the small red ball in his mouth . Thank god I saw him do it and was able to get it out before he choked . The plastic is also hard enough to inflict damage if your child ever decides to throw the balls . Minus the deadly choking hazard , the toy is great fun for the child , but annoying for parents . The toy goes into song whenever it is moved , even the slightest touch . As a result you have to be vigilant to turn it off , otherwise it can start in the middle of the night .
 Typically this toy broke the day after the returns date expired . It is stuck on saying A for Apple and one tone or a dog barking . If left on it will make only the one noise every 10 seconds , so annoying !! If you press any other button it will only repeat A for Apple.My son was not interested in this toy so was not played with much , and it still broke !! With absolutely little to no use from a 1 year old . Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of useless garbage !!
 My son received this for his first birthday . This is seriously the LOUDEST toy that we own . There is no volume control . The music/voice is annoying . We ended up putting duct tape over the speaker the try to quiet it down a little . I do n't know what Vtech was thinking !! It has some okay educational features , but I ca n't stand to listen to this toy for very long . There are plenty of other toys out there with the same or better educational features -- buy one of them and save your sanity .
 This product was a great disappointment . It was impossible for a young child to do . It was even difficult for adults to do . It took much patience and strength . I would not recommend purchasing it for a child unless perhaps a teenager . I have never been so disappointed in a gift for a child and even felt like writing to ask for my money back .
 The only useful part of this kit was the goggles ! The plaster medium is so hard that many of the bones of the dino broke - and NOT with the 7 year old working on them - for ME , following the instructions about using a sponge if it 's too hard . You 'd think a piece was free , touch it to test , and it would snap off . Very frustrating . So on to the glow-in-the dark project ... which needed a hand for each part -LRB- all 10 or so -RRB- , since none of the bits would stay together on their own . Waiting to see if the little dinosaur grows , but since you can get this kind of toy from the dollar store , it 's no great loss ...
 My son just turned 4 and like most little boys , he 's fascinated with anything dino . I was looking for the perfect gift for his birthday , I read reviews and thought they were all favorable so ordered early since his bday is the week after Thanksgiving . He opened this gift and was so excited , he hugged me , `` Thank you soooo much mommy ! '' He asked if we could get started and so we cleared off some space on the table and placed it into the top of a copy box and he went to work chipping away . The concept is overall very educational , and had the potential to be used for lots of teachable moments . The part of the kit that has the plaster was good and then he saw the snap together glow in the dark dinosaur that is another separate part that is included in the kit.I read instructions and it says to `` SNAP '' pieces together and gives easy to follow step by step instructions ; simple enough right ? I showed my son which pieces went together and then he started . He quickly became frustrated and started struggling and I gave it a shot , thinking he mixed the pieces up . Nope , I tried several of the pieces , double checked the instructions and still the pieces did n't want to `` SNAP . '' I tried several more times , then my husband read instruction and tried snapping them together . I tried one last time to snap the tail and spine together and put more pressure , it slipped and cut my finger , leaving a pretty deep gash.NOW WHAT ? Here is my thoughts on this kit
 This was such a waste of money . While digging out the fossil , the bones would break . Besides that , the excavating took so long that my son lost interest . When we finally got all the pieces out , we could n't even put it together . The glue was not good enough to keep it together . Same thing for the glow in the dark dinosaur . It do n't stay together even with super glue . This was the worst thing that I have ever bought . I should have saved the money and taken my son to a museum .
 You need a lot of patience and time -LRB- 100 years might be enough -RRB- . First of all , the glow-in-the-dark skeleton would not go together -LRB- we 've put together many other dino skeletons -RRB- so we gave up on that . Next , my 8 year old grandson & I did not find it rewarding to peck away at a hard lump and rarely find a `` bone '' . To speed things up , I used a screwdriver -- we got to the point where we 'd be happy just to find a few bones . By the time we were done `` digging '' we realized there was no way this thing would stay together even with super glue . This granny is done with dinosaur digging kits !
 I thought this would be a great toy . It is not . I hated it . You do n't even interact with the Bratz as the description claims . The first 3 times I played the game it said I had all misses . And I picked the slowest song . The game did not even count the ones I got on time . It counted everything as misses . I 'm exchanging mine for something else .
 i think this is a horrible toy . i give it a thumbs down
 What a piece of junk ! My daughter begged for this , and even she was disappointed . The music is pitiful electronic tones -LRB- with no words -RRB- ; this game is frustrating even for an adult . When attempting to play the game , you ca n't even look at the Brat on the screen because you 're too busy trying to push the right colored button and then the cord bar before the note gets to the top of the screen . The notes are pretty fast and the guitar does not even recognize half the time you actually do it in time . The game rates your attempts as Good , Bad , or Miss. . My daughter was devastated when -LRB- after hitting the right buttons -RRB- the game told her she had 4 Bad attempts . Why on earth is Bad even one of the ratings !! The Energizer batteries I put in it lasted approx . an hour and a half . Not worth the money or frustration.Ours went right back to the store -LRB- at our daughter 's request . -RRB- Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this for my daughter 's birthday after she begged for it . She was very disappointed when she tried to play the game she got all misses every time . I even tried it and could not get it to work . DO NOT buy this product it is JUNK !!!!
 I purchased this for my 5 year old . The television commercials made the guitar appear to be a karaoke sing along . The guitar does hook up to your TV set , but it loads a game that appears on the TV display . You have to press the correct keys as the Bratz Rock Angel sings . The graphics were n't very good , and even I was n't able to press the keys quickly enough to win the game . Overall , we were very disappointed and returned the product .
 This toy was actually not what I expeceted . When I plugged it into the tv it was not even in color . It was definitely not user friendly being that it was hard to figure out what note my daughter was supposed to be playing . I actually was the first one to play and could not follow along with the notes on the screen because it went so fast . Not only that I felt that it was not interacting well with the user and did not provide good user-friendly on-screen instructions . This toy I felt was one of the worst interactive toys on the market . Anyone looking to buy this item please save your money .
 Poorly made ... does not pick up my daughter 's movements ... she does not like to play with it at all !! waste !
 I do n't like this toy at all , maybe if you were older it would be easier -LRB- I am seven -RRB- . But for 7-8 year olds it is not fun , it gives you all misses . It should have been made better . Moms and Dads want their money back .
 My 5 year old wanted this guitar , so we bought it for christmas . I thought it was broke because we couldnt get it to work . I just received the replacement , and now see that it is just a very poor product . My daughter , nor my husband or I can get it to pick up our finger movements ... do not buy this , it 's VERY dissapointing .
 I also bought this as a christmas present for my daughter . It was returned the very next day ! I had the same problems everyone else did ... . the game did not pick up my daughter 's -LRB- or mine , or my husband 's -RRB- finger movements . I would not recommend this toy to anyone
 This guitar was bought for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas . She did it just as the directions said , it did n't work right . I tried it just as the directions said , it still did n't work right . My husband tried it - same deal . Maybe the ToysRUs shelf stocker will have more fun with it than we did because thats where we sent it back to ! Shame on you Bratz Manufacturer for making such a cruddy product !
 I bought this for my daughter , who loves BRATZ , and also one for her best friend as a Christmas present . For one , my daughter is left handed , and they do n't make them for left handed , as the store clerk who advised me it would be for either one . What a crock !! I am now embarrased because I also bought this for her best friend . I will be taking both back to the store !!!
 This toy is a waste of money and going back to the store as I type this . Every time you tap a note it comes up as a miss ... NEVER registers as good . I thought it was just ours , but after reading all of the other reviews , it appears that this is a MAJOR flaw in the product !
 My grand daughter has all of the Bratz toys and games that are pretty good , but the Bratz Rock Guitar got all misses even though she was pressing thr right notes and strumming to the beat . I play a regular guitar -LRB- the kind with strings -RRB- and I could n't play the darn thing !! Do not buy this !!
 I bought this for a home school unit for my 8-year-old about the weather , and was so disappointed ! The only part of it that actually works is the rain gauge -LRB- so my only compliment is that that part does not leak -RRB- ! The thermometer says it is always exactly 48 degrees , and the wind always blows north . If I had n't spent so long assembling it and it were n't such a hassle , I 'd send it back . Since I do n't plan to , the next best way to make my point is to advise everyone else not to buy one !
 This was just not worth the money . My son is 5 , and he thought it was boring . Putting the weather station together was not as easy as it should have been , and he could not help with that part . I 'm not sure an 8 year old could even do it . Once it was together , it seems to be durable enough to stay outside , and we 'll see how it works . The book that it came with was fun to read to my son , but the iceberg was so cheesy , that I just could n't bring myself to do it . A plastic bag ? I could do that with spending the money for a kit !
 Every year over the holidays , the wife and I like to do jigsaw puzzles . We were quite excited about tackling this puzzle and had intended on banging it out , gluing it , and hanging in on our youngest 's wall.As most folks do we separated out the border pieces from the rest of the puzzle and began to try and assemble the frame of the puzzle . To our surpise , the pieces fit together so poorly that we could put a single piece in several places.After a failed attempt to assemble the border , we decided that maybe we could do this one from the inside out . Naturally , we failed at this as well as we found that all the pieces fit together too poorly to assemble the puzzle and maintain our sanity.The puzzle truly is beautiful and the poster included within is really nice ; but in my mind they really cut corners on the quality of the puzzle cut making it unassembleable.I would n't recommend buying this puzzle unless you have saint-like patience or you are glutton for punishment .
 My 7 year old daughter had so much fun drawing on the bear . We even did it together . But the markers just will not wash all the way out . I followed the directions exactly and then again and again but the purple drawings are still there , much lighter but definitely still there . Only the green washed all the way out .
 I so wanted my daughter to have this baby girl doll . But I was charged $ $ and it never came .
 Paying $ 40 , and reading other reviews , naturally I was expecting a higher-than-average quality and realistic looking corgi . I was super disappointed . This toy is worth $ 15 at most . Just find a cheaper one , this one will leave you disappointed .
 This Puppet is not as plush as it appears in the photo . It is actually made from a very thin material which does not hold its form . As a consequence when using the puppet the dog 's head is crumpled and distorted and his eyes collapsed back and barely visible . I have tried to bolster the head by stuffing it with paper towels but it does n't seem to be a good fix . Additionally the puppet does not seem to be sized for adult hands . I have medium sized hands and can barely get my hand comfortably into position to move the mouth . I have collected 6 puppets including this one which I use to play with my son . Of the six this puppet is the only one which does n't get used . I would definitely recommend the Melissa & Doug line of hand puppets over this one . They are in a totally different class and a much higher quality .
 ok , ummm ... . is it just me or does this doll have orange lips in the picture ????? uh ... ew ... ok so n e way , this doll is so ugly ! i dont kno y n e one would want 2 buy this ! it looks like a girl !!!! unless u r BLIND , do not buy this !!!
 I thought this was a bigger sized toy and when I received it , I was shocked . Though it is cute , it did not hold my grandbabies attention long . Maybe as a collectors item it would be okay , but not as a gift to a child . Sorry !
 Overall it 's pretty , but I was disappointed in the way the pram gets attached to the body of the stroller . It is not very easy to attach and it often comes unclipped . This causes frustration for the child and inconvenience for the parents . Also for the price , I was surprised to see a cardboard bottom on the pram .
 Folks , As great looking this toy is ... it is a piece of junk ! It breaks easily , and it is rather dangerous . It is practically made out of a cardboard and cheap , plastic pieces ... not worth the money . All in all its a great idea , but a very poor product .
 Stroller was so cute and shipping was very fast ! My daughter was very excited to get it ! Soon after she started playing with it the wheels started coming off !!
 I am not even sure if this toy will last for another week . I should have known before I bought it anything that comes in box with poles to put together can be a problem if they are not durable . Two of the poles came bent already , so we did put it together but I am afraid my 3 year old will manage to break it soon . I wish I did n't buy this .
 I 'm surprised at the number of positive reviews.The best , and maybe only good thing , is the artwork on the cards ... the pirates are funny looking.But this is a rather boring game that has almost no replay value . It 's just same old same old each time . Our son liked it for a while -LRB- around age 10 -RRB- but we 're glad to not have this in our house any more.If you are looking for a fun card game you can play with kids , here are a couple games we prefer significantly to Loot : DominionFive CrownsWizardFluxKuudukBohnanzaCitadelsMonopoly Deal7 Wonders -LRB- I 'm stretching the definition of `` card game '' a bit , but this is a great game too . -RRB- If you have a TON of games , playing this once or twice a year wo n't kill you , but why buy this when there are better games ? -LRB- If you 've never tried Dominion , get the original ... we can play for HOURS on end . -RRB-
 The instructions were unnecessarily complicated . I think that half the problem with modern games these days is that people ca n't write . It 's really a simple game , but took a bit of time to figure out.This is a card game whose objective is to win the merchant ships with the gold coins they contain . Your move options are to put down a single card or draw a card . The cards to put down are ... a merchant ship with gold coins , a pirate ship to attack or defend a merchant ship -LRB- in hopes of keeping it -RRB- , and captains -LRB- or the admiral -RRB- to trump the previous attacks . If no one has attacked your merchant ship since your last turn , you get to keep it , and if you attacked a merchant ship -LRB- even your own -RRB- , and no one has put up a stronger attack since your last turn , you get to keep the merchant ship . Keep playing until the deck of cards is depleted.In addition to the poorly written instruction , we did n't find the game particularly interesting , and quit playing midway through . Pretty artwork , but I 'd much rather have a standard deck of 52 cards and try out some game I 've never played before .
 I bought this game after reading some great reviews online . I thought it would be a good game toplay as a family as we 've begun to have family game nights again . Needless to say it was a huge flop.We played it one time , and noone liked it . Not even my two younger children . The concept was great , the game play was not .
 We ordered this item through Amazon , and were pretty excited about it . However , some of the cards were so glued together that the backs got damaged when splitting the deck for the first time , and we ended up with a deck of marked cards . Would n't have been such a big deal , except we decided to try to write gamewright on 3 different occasions asking them to allow us to PURCHASE the damaged cards , sent them pictures and the works.We never even got a reply.The game itself is fun , just make sure you treat it with a silk glove .
 I picked up this game based on the glowing reviews . I did not expect any deep strategy , but even kids games should require some meaningful decision-making . I have played six or seven rounds of this and I have yet to encounter any meaningful decision making at all . Zero . It 's hard to dislike a game that is this cute , and I can see how it would appeal to children between the ages of say , five and nine . But good family games are both simple to learn and challenging to master and Sleeping Queens is only simple to learn .
 I purchased this game for two reasons
 This was a big bust as a present for my grandchildren ages 6 , 5 , and 2 . It ended up on the floor and was never played.So the Queen sleeps in peace .
 OMG this crib is a hunk of junk . it leaks water and if you toch it it will fall over . and im 10 and i am not alowed to to use the gril these dolls are babys and they are alowed to . this toy is teaching kids its ok to do dangeses stunts and use dangeses things like the gril . also no one has a pool in there crib . this crib is inapontaint to little kids . do n't get this you will regaet it !!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter received this toy as a gift . . It was missing parts , it leaks water and the doors keep falling off ! Do not waste your time money or the disappointment of your child . My 5 year old was so looking forward to receiving this toy and you can imagine her disappointment when I had to return it to the store . Based on other reviews I will not be purchasing another for her .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old for christmas and she does love it ; however you would think they would construct a water toy a little better because after being knocked over the water leaked from everywhere . I would not recommend filling this toy with water .
 I purchased this bed for my daughters 5th birthday after reading the reviews . So i decided to buy it because i thought it was a good deal and it was a cute bed for her doll . When i received it i was excited to put it together once i started doing that , i got frustrated with the directions and the product . On the instructions it indicated an change in the product with added on label instead of changing the book . Did not notice this label right away once i did i understood . The issue was the canopy did not have the ties to tie to the top of the bed to hold it taught , so i called the company and explained the problem they ended up sending me a another canopy , but the issue is still there . The canopy does n't look right . I am still thinking about returning it , but i have n't yet since my 5 year old does n't know better , -LRB- she likes that she has a bed for her doll -RRB- but i feel that the picture on the product should indicate what type of item you are receiving and it was n't correct . They should at least change the instruction book to match the product . When i called the company they really did n't seem understanding they just told me to go online and order the parts i needed replaced . Just disappointed even thought it 's not a expensive product you still want some type of satisfaction when you buy something for a gift and the money you spent .
 THIS ITEM CAME DAMAGED AND I NEED A REPLACEMENT.PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO HAVE A NEW ONE SENT OUT .
 The bedding on this bed is so cheaply made it was not worth the money spent . The canopy slips all over , will not stay &#34; over &#34; bed . Not even a little foamy mattress , just a cheap piece of cloth . Very dissappointed : -LRB-
 Why do you keep featuring this item when it is not available for the holidays ?
 I wanted to get this item for my brother for CHristmas . It looks to be one of the most interesting clocks Ive ever seen and it would certainly appeal to his inner geek.Unfortunatly after I purchased the item it says the expected arrival date is January 26 , well past Christmas . No where on the page does it mention how long it will take to get this item . Im very upset with this website for advertising items for the holidays that they wont have until next year .
 This product is a waste of time and money . My daughter thought this was so cool , -LRB- the concept is -RRB- , but was very disappointed as it does n't work very well . The `` sequins '' that are supposed to attach `` instantly '' are just `` stickers '' -LRB- kinda like iron-ons -RRB- and the tool supplied does not attach them instantly . If you spend alot of time AND muscle , it may finally attach . You would have better luck actually using an iron . Thumbs down on this product !
 My daughter got this as a gift and was very excited . We did everything according to the instructions but the sequins just did n't attach . We 've tried various fabrics but ended up with the same result . Poor product .
 Do not buy this . It does not work well on fabric . It does looks very pretty .
 I bought this item for my 5 year old daughter . When I first took it out of the box , there were brown stains on the fabric , and even on the white metal parts from the packaging . It looked used . While it is very easy to assemble , it is also very flimsy . The metal support beams on the carrier do not stay in place . Also , the `` adjustable '' seat on the stroller is no more than a piece of plastic w / shallow grooves in it ... It seems probable that after just minimal use the grooves will become stripped , leaving the seat to just flop back and forth . Also , it is difficult to open and collapse the stroller , and a child would need a parent 's help in doing so . In summary , though this item is cute , it is cheaply made , and not worth the money .
 I would not have purchased if I knew how cheaply made!The only part really usable is the top baby basket , the bottom stroller is made cheap and broke easily . I do n't recommend buying this item .
 I honesty thought these would be an actual set of claves , but they turned out to be nothing buy a simple pair of sticks . do n't get them not even for your kids . these claves ARE A JOKE .
 Was looking for simple percussion instrument to use in a ukulele group . This was to be used in my classroom and so price was a consideration . These are not just inexpensive , they are cheap and worthless . Perhaps they can provide warmth as firewood on a cold winter day .
 This is definitely NOT a 30X Loupe , it may not even be a 10X . It does n't matter what price it is b/c if it does n't work then you just bought paper weight . Save yourself the time and effort and look for a bood Belomo , atleast you 'll be able to see with it .
 Nice lens but not really 30X . I have a 20X and this one magnifies not even close to 20X . It looks like this is just a 10X like the other reviewer says .
 You will get a much better magnification and less distortions if you go with BELMO 's 10 X . This loupe feels as cheap as it actually is .
 I have a 16x loupe . I have been using it for years . When I saw this item with 30x , I ordered three without waiting . 10 days later , after my order I received the loupes and experienced them immadiately . Howewer the result was disappointing . My 16x old loupe was deffinitely magnifying better than 30x . I guess it is maximum 10x compared with my old 16x . All tree loupes are in my drower without being used .
 I purchased from this company and had to return the item , which I did within days of receiving it . I contacted them 3 times about my returned item and I never got one response . You can not contact the company directly only through a form you have to fill out on thier website . They have no phone listed . I never got my money returned and I do n't have the product . If you buy from them you better hope you do n't have to do a refund or exchange . I got ripped off !
 The loupe looks like used , but it was posted as NEW item . The lense is slightly chipped . I am not a jewelry expert , so I am not planning to return it . But would be appreciated if the seller did n't lie about the item condition .
 This loop is a 10x loop . I bought it with the dual 10x and 20x loops . This , so called 30x is just a larger diameter 10x . It magnifies exactly the same as the 10x at the same distance and then blurs out when you try to get more out of it . NOT A 30XBTW the sheet metal case is so sharp and unfinished , I cut myself trying to open it.DO NOT BUY FOR KIDS !
 &#34; 30X &#34; definition is very misleading . Makes the buyer think that it has 30 times magnification , which it definitely does not . Also , the pictorial shows a gold color finish , when actually , it is silver color.Two examples of blatantly false advertizing.I wo n't buy from these sellers again.I wonder why Amazon continues to allow them to advertise .
 I ordered the 30X mag . loupe along with another combo 10/20 x loupe . The 10/20 got here fine but the PO destroyed the second pkg . When it arrived , rather than the jewelers loupe inside , I found a CELL PHONE . I tried to contact AMAZON.com , and could not find anywhere to contact Amazon . Then tried e-mailing the company and AMAZON , also called and left a message , with the company . I have been IGNORED totally on this matter . I am out the money and have no one to even lodge a complaint with . Will NEVER use this company OR AMAZON again !! If there was a rating LOWER than 1 , I would give it to both !! Sandy
 I am a novice . I need some instructions as to how to use the loupe . I have the loupe , but do n't know what I am looking for with regards to gems/stones
 I received it and it had many defects , so I sent it back . The worst defect was that it was not 30x magnification .
 Definitely not the 30x its sold as . But as cheap stocking stuffers for the kids , pretty good . -LRB- Their eyesite is great , so 10x , which is what these seem to be , is perfect for them . -RRB-
 This product is cheap enough but even though its not worth the money.I have a 10x and this does not even come close to the magnification of my 10x . Its more like 6x if that.People learn by their mistakes.Next time I will buy USA rather than products made in CHINA .
 This is false advertising and I want my money back . Not 30X , not even close .
 My 10X loop produces the same idential -LRB- CLEAR -RRB- viewing results as this so-called 30X . If you want a 10X loop , this one will do the job . At higher than 10X viewing , your image quickly turns into nothing but a big blur . People will probably rate this loop high , because it 's nice looking , but they do n't have a 10X loop to compare its performance to . This is n't Chinese junk - it 's just a nice product that has been incorrectly labeled ...
 I just got a notification e-mail saying that it will be delivered 25 days from today at the best . What a surprise !!! I need it as soon as possible to fix my iPhone that has damaged connector pin on the motherboard . It is so tiny . I did n't know it will take almost a month to get it delivered when I made the order . So , if you need one soon , find some other reseller .
 While being an ok magnifier , this is most definatley NOT a 30x magnifier , its much more like 10x , so that being said I can not give this a good review because the item is not as described.BEWARE , if you are looking for a 30x magnifier this is not for you , however , if a 10x will do than this would be a fine buy .
 I should have known `` you get what you pay for '' . This is not worth the powder it would take to blow it up . No clarity . I bought this hoping to be able to make out marks on pottery , jewelry , etc. . I could n't make out my own signature with this . A complete disappointment and waste of money .
 This loupe is pretty useless , as only the center is not blurred , and even then the definition is not very good . More like a toy than a tool .
 Well , it is a nice little magnifier and comes in a nice little box , but it is not a 30x . It is almost exactly a 10x magnifier .
 Very low price consistent with the product I received . It 's a rather cheap loupe , but it cost almost nothing . Shipping from China to a VERY long time and I wish I 'd known from where it was coming before I hit the final purchase button . This will be an acceptable backup to the one I had to buy when I figured out this one would take so long to get here .
 It is not a real 30 * , it left me sour eyes after using it for a while , I hate it.So I do n't recommend this product .
 While I wanted to give it 0 Stars , but the metal housing is pretty sturdy.Too bad the optics are ridiculously poor . Seriously . I have 20/20 vision and most of the time I can just hold the object of interest closer to my face -LRB- like one would have to anyway to use the loupe -RRB- and can see the SAME DETAIL as looking through the loupe . While the loupe will SLIGHTLY magnify it , it is not even close to 10x . I read the reviews that said that it 's around 10x , and I knew it would n't be even close to 30x , BUT I had NO IDEA it would be far below 10x . Do not buy .
 I bought this for higher magnification , but it is no higher power than my 10x loupe and is even a lesser quality than my puritest 10x loupe -LRB- I can see more clearly and with better magnification with my 10x -RRB- .
 This is NOT 30X , it is 3X . I have a very good 16X for my coin collection and it magnify 's about 5 X bigger than this one.I would say it is more like 3X and somebody moved the zero over one .30 X is printed on the metal . This is wrong . There is no way this is 30X . I 'm an engineer and know what I 'm talking about . This is 3X with a metal printing stamp mistake.That said , the thing is so cheap that it 's not worth returning . I would have given it 1 star , but it 's a good 3X loop ... so 2 stars .
 It 's not a 30x magnifier.maybe a 5 one.of course this is cheap but i do n't know if this will be worthwhile , since u expect a 30x and comes with a 5x one .
 Ordered item over a month ago , still have not received it . Scheduled to arrive withing a 3 week window , which I am 1 week into at this time . No tracking info provided .
 This is definitely NOT 30x . I have a cheap magnifying glass that 's 2x and 5x , and in comparison , this seems to be somewhere between 7x and 10x . It works , but I would n't have wasted my time if I knew it definitely was n't 30x !
 I just got mine today . For the price I paid for it there are others much better . It 's got MAYBE a 1/2 inch view area and the magnification is about 1/3 of what they claim . I like the 3 lens Carson I got today much better . However if you 're looking for a very small decent power magnifier with a strong protector this is n't bad . the casing you see in the picture to hide the lens in is metal and pretty strong but , it 's open on both sides so it 's still not spectacular .
 This is okay , though as another reviewer said , too big to be very portable . The pegs work fine for us , no trouble so far.The big negative , for me , is the fact that it 's all one piece . If the two players ' boards snapped apart , you could use it in a car . As it is , you have to sit facing each other , and it 's just small enough that you need to do it on the floor , or on a very small table.Oh well - I got it because it was on sale , and we did n't have a regular battleship set . If my kids like it enough , I 'll get them a better version - one with separate boards for each player -LRB- good in general , not only in the car -RRB- . Fun - battleship is a fun game ; the awkwardness of this set takes away little.Educational - there is some learning of how to ... `` spread your fire '' . One son took all of his shots in a single line at first , for example ... not the most efficient.Durable - do n't know yet.Overall - size and setup kill it - too big for a portable , too small for a `` regular '' .
 Travel size should mean smaller to fit into travel bags . These folio games are huge ! They are only a little smaller than the game in the original box - which for me , defeated the purpose . Save your money on this one - they take up a TON of room !
 My 2.9 years old son is a fan of Thomas a friends . What a disappointment game this is !!! to him . First of all , there are only 3 games and he already mastered level 1 and 2 . That 's all you get . There is no level 3 or anything so challenges stops right there . The games are very short so you are done with the cartridge within minutes only so you go back to the store and get more games because you did n't get enough . My son exits the game constantly because of the lack of interest he has now developed . He keeps coming back only because he thinks that new games are going to appear but that never happens because this game only brings those 3 games and thats it . What child of 2.9 months does n't know what the letter M is ? come on ! my son needs a real challenge . So far the only challenge to him was to get used to using the mouse and keyboard but even that , he has already mastered . We have V smiley and is a lot better than this . That 's all I got to say . Now , go and buy it so you can see for yourself .
 This was the first Maximal I bought from the Beast Machines line - and , for several months , the last . I wanted the Vehicons to win , if this is all the designers were capable of . Buzzsaw is flimsy , unstable , and a pain . The gimmick is forgettable , and it 's not worth the price point it 's at - if it goes down a few bucks , and you want to complete your collection , maybe you should consider it - otherwise , try some of the better Maximals , like Snarl , Night Viper , or Black Arachnia .
 Come now , people , Buzzsaw is a horrible toy . He looks like a bug in both modes , he has no hands , and he has a huge spring in full view . Sure he goes back together when you break him , the designers made all the BM line like that . And he is n't on the show at all .
 I got this toy for Christmas , and was so excited to open it . When I first did it , I discovered that I needed to close one eye to do it.The reflection sheet -LRB- or whatever you call it -RRB- breaks off all the time . This toy will make people very frustrated , unless you 're a `` pro '' .
 This product is a rip-off and I would not recommend it to anyone , old or young . It is VERY difficult to use !!! Do not waste your money .
 `` Santa '' brought this for my 7 year old , as it was what he wanted for the last 2 years.First , was VERY hard to put together and get it to stay together ... crossing your fingers that you dont snap the reflection plates while doing this.Then , looking thru the reflection plates and attempting to copy is hard enough for an adult much less a child . Also gives you a headache as its a little blurry . Also hard to follow along the lines and copy picture . If the paper moves , you are done.VERY FRUSTRATING for a 7 year old.Its going back to the store tomorrow and we are getting something else .
 My daughter is 7 and also got this for xmas and was very excited ... until she tried it , the image `` floats on the page '' and was very hard to follow unless you close one eye ! She was very upset that she could n't do it as easily as it seemed on tv and neither could I for that matter . It is going back to the store and I dont recommend it for anyone , child OR adult !!
 I bought this for my grandson he 's been wanting it for a while.It 's very hard to trace a picture . I even had a hard time . Save your money !
 We bought this for our daughter for Christmas . She tried it butit did n't work very well . It was hard to keep open ; the plasticlook-through page kept falling out and she could n't hold it all still enough to actually trace the hard to see images . It 's August and it 's sitting on her shelf in `` like-new '' condition . What a waste of money .
 I was unable to get the reflector panels to snap into place no matter how many times I tried . Infuriating ! Ended up cracking one corner which really upset me . Tried taping them , tying them together ; nothing worked . My daughter was so disappointed . If anyone can tell me how to make this thing work , please post it ! I also emailed the company asking for help and have gotten no response . Really think I wasted my money this time .
 I purchased this product for my granddaughter . We could n't get the sides to stand up for a long time . Finally , after some frustration , they worked . Then when she tried to copy the image , it did n't show accurately and the sides fell down . It is a very frustrating and useless item .
 I bought `` 2 '' of these , as we had a very long flight to Japan ahead of us and I needed something to occupy my 5 and 6 year olds . What a huge mistake ! We got very frustrated trying to assemble them and even more frustrated trying to trace the images . If I could of opened the plane door , I would of thrown them out at 30,000 feet ! What 's really annoying is that I ca n't even return them as I bought them in L.A. and we live in Japan !
 My daughter saw this advertised on television quite sometime ago , and asked for it several times . We finally decided to buy it online , received it today -LRB- after much anticipation ! -RRB- , and she is completely disappointed . To begin with , the reflection plates do n't actually snap in , as the directions say they do . Next , the reflection , while visible , is very difficult to trace . In fact , I had trouble , too ! Last , after trying many different images -LRB- and thinking that the next one would be easier ! -RRB- , my daughter tried tracing an animated cartoon . I decided to line it up for her , thinking that would help get her started , and it was impossible to do ! She is ten , and is quite artistic . This toy , however , has been nothing but a letdown ! She feels taken advantage by the television advertisement , and does n't want to try it again ! We are sending it back tomorrow !! I only wish I had been smart enough to read these online reviews before we purchased Digi Draw !
 My son had wanted one of these for about 2 years , after seeing them on TV being advertised . I tried telling that things on TV NEVER work like they promise . But , he still wanted one.Then Spiderman 2 came out and they released a Spiderman Digidraw and I finally relented and we went to the store for the sole purpose of buying a Spiderman 2 Digidraw . There were alot of pieces in the box so I made them wait until they got home to open the box.When we got home , my 7 year old tried putting it together and got extremely frustrated , so I jumped in and tried . After many attempts we came the conclusion -LRB- a 31 yr old , a 7 yr old , and a 6 yr old -RRB- that this product is very poorly made . The plates do not snap into place and fall as soon as they are touched . The image reflected on the paper is very hard to see and trace . In the end the kids just wanted to keep the colorful images of spiderman , but they were all backwards so that they would reflect correctly.We have decided to return the Digidraw and I consider it a well learned lesson the AS SEEN ON TV translates into PIECE OF CR #P ! Save your moeny and get a coloring book and tracing paper instead
 My 5 year old daughter finally received this for her birthday after months of asking for it , and was very excited , at least until she tried it . I should have read some kind of reviews on this before letting someone pick it up for her . I could n't get the plates to stay in right . My daughter had a very hard time tracing the images . When I tried to show her how to use it I could n't do it either !!! We 're taking it back tonight and getting her something else that she can play with without the frustration . My daughter is very angry that they `` tricked '' her into thinking it was easy . I would n't give this toy any stars if it was an option . The only thing good about it is it wo n't take up much space in the trash when you break the plates trying to assemble the thing .
 My daughter , age 9 , purchased this product after seeing on tv the many ways she could create images on paper as well clothing , backpacks etc. . Upon opening and struggling to assemble it , we realized that it was useless . It is very difficult to use on paper and I can not imagine using it on an item such as a jacket . I emailed the company to complain and after 5 months they responded with a standard - return it to the store you bought it at -LRB- an option I did not feel we had since it had been opened and used -RRB- . They should have just said `` tough luck -LRB- ... -RRB- '' . Save your money , avoid this company and get a bunch of stencils instead .
 I bought this product for my 11 year old daughter who has great artistic talent . I thought this would be a way to encourage her growth . After about a month of constantly asking her about the product , she finally showed me how difficult it was to use and how the floating image ended up being a hinderance . This was a complete waste of money and I advice anyone who wants to trace an image to just do it the old fashioned way .
 Impossible ... the people who wrote good reviews for this product must be trying to sell it . The image appears on the plates . You have to look through the plates to `` trace '' on the paper , and if the light is n't right the images do n't show on the plates . Trash ... trash ... trash .
 My 9 year old son has been wanting this for a long time now . I finally get it for him . Its really hard to get the panels in . After putting the panels in we ca n't see the image on the blank piece of paper . We tried by light and nothing . He was very dissapointed and said he hated it . I think they should take it off the market until they can make it useable !!
 I agree with the previous reviews ! It is very hard to do even though the commercial makes it seem easy . I got this for my 8 year old son , who loves to draw , and he was very disappointed . He was excited when he got it for Christmas because he had seen the commercials , and after a short time was very frustrated . I tried it myself and could not do it . Please do n't waste your money !
 I got this when I was maybe 8 I lost it eventually , then I found it when I was packing up to move and it was broken from the weight of the books on top of it . I was gon na buy another one ... but I had no idea how expensive it was . I do n't remember it being so amazing because I do n't remember ever going to look for it . But judging from the pictures I found with it , I sucked at drawing -LRB- still do -RRB- I do remember it being A bit hard to see the reflection and see what I was drawing . If it was at most 25 dollars I would consider to buy it . Neat idea though .
 The easy part was learning how to draw the reflection . Even then , it takes some practice , like perspective , but once you get it , it 's pretty good.The bad part ? The stupid plates do not snap into place easily at all . I am very glad other people have said this , I thought it was just me . I 'm afraid to force them in because I just know I 'll break it ; I kind of have to get them to stay and then not move the board around too much to dislodge them . I went to the official website to see if there were instructions on how to insert the plates into the guides , I figured there was some trick to it , but on the site it just says `` snap the plates in place '' like it 's the easiest thing in the world . WTH , company?Great idea , terrible execution . I 'd ask for my money back but I got mine for a dollar at a garage sale . Even then , do n't know if it was worth it .
 I can not understand how this product is still being sold on Amazon.It 's really a piece of junk that simply does not work I tried every wayI know to get it to show any type of image and it scored zero.I have been a professional in various aspects of visual media for over fiftyyears .
 I got this and basicly had the same problems everyone else did and every time i tried to play with it the middle part would fall and when you did get it to stay up the images were so blury that they gave you a major headache needless to say this went back to the store less than 3 hours latter i would not recomend this to anyonePS . i only gave it one star cause u couldnt give it a O
 This was a gift for my 13 birthday and I only used it once . It was hard to put together and now it will not stay together at all . I am very disapointed in the toy . I would not recomend this toy to anyone . My mom always tells me the best way to advertise is word of mouth well , I will give Dig-I-Draw alot of asvertisement not to buy it .
 This was not fun at all boring and she only played with it one time Definately a waste of money
 This toy is not good at all ! its hard for the reflecters to stay still and to connect . its hard to trace the picture because you can hardly see your hand ! plus it the picture moves , thats it ! you have to start all over again . its better if you just take a piece a paper and putting it over the picture and traceing it that way , trust me i ended up just doing that .
 This toy always moves when you try to drawl ! It makes me so mad !! I am always doing art and this is horible compaired to what I have . Me and my friends have tryed and tryed to make it stay still and it never will !! I would defantly not suggest you to buy this toy !!
 This toy did keep my child 's attention for a while , however it broke on the second use . One of the blue panels snapped and then the next day the other side did as well . I was able to return it to JCPenneys without a problem , but we did not buy another one .
 My 7 year old saw the ads for DigiDraw and drove me absolutely crazy until Christmas rolled around last year . The look of excitement and happiness on his face as he unwrapped this toy was short-lived . It was nearly impossible to assemble . The time and patience it required to ` trace ' just a straight line was too much for an adult let alone a 7 year old . The only useable item from this entire toy were the colored pencils .
 I love board games and am a huge fan of the Eurogames that have made the rounds on the circuit . I do n't know why this game has gotten the buzz that it has . Each round is designed to equalize the playing field so that regardless of strategy , each player is always on roughly the same level . Personally , I like a game where your strategy can pull you ahead of the others , or where you can mass a power play and trump the other players , but that is impossible in this game . Those who fall behind one round are brought up the next round so that even players who have n't been paying attention have a shot to win at the end . What 's the point to a strategy game if you do n't actually need a strategy to win ?
 We bought Powergrid on the recommendation of friends , but disliked it . It basically seems like you head in one direction as fast as you can , and if you get ahead , it helps you get even further ahead . No real trade-offs . Eventually gave it away . Much prefer Wildlife -LRB- with modifications ; otherwise the croc always wins -RRB- , Tigris and Euphrates , Puerto Rico , and the like .
 The game mechanics are sort of hokey . By that , I mean there 's really nothing to it more than marking off items on a checklist . I re-read the instructions twice to make sure that was really all there was to it . Sure , you absorb a little horse knowledge out of it , but the learning is n't really important to the strategy - more important is landing on the right squares and the horse you start out with . Think horse monopoly.While it is very well made , it was boring -LRB- sorry , but nobody in our family likes it - even our horse obsessed daughter -RRB- . Get Herd Your Horses above this . It is VERY fun and what you learn from it is actually unique among horse games -LRB- wild horse habits -RRB- .
 This game is intended for teens to adults , but many of the quotes were clearly meant for kids . They were so easy , that we all just rolled our eyes , said the answer , and took the next turn . Because of this , you would think it would be a great game for children , but there were enough quotes that children would n't get that they would n't like it either . So the game is meant for no one in particular . It was so disappointing , we stopped after about 10 minutes and returned the game the next day . Also , the pack of cards is pretty small , so even if we had thoroughly enjoyed the game , we would have gone through all of the cards pretty quickly . After giving up on this game , we ended up playing Buzzwords instead , and it was exciting , fun , and challenging .
 My son has no interst in this toy . he has never played with it once ... the only thing he likes to do is throw the pins !
 My 15 month old was interested in this toy for about three seconds . He loves throwing balls , so we thought he might like to try knocking down pins , but this has n't appealed to him at all . He 's not even interested in playing with the pins .
 I 'm really disappointed with this toy . It never kept my daughter 's attention .
 This game seemed rather fun at first , but got old fast once it became apparent that the person with the most jesters always wins.Rio Grande Games publishes another game called Augsburg 1520 , which has similar mechanics and enjoyment , without the disappointing flaw of a dominant strategy . I wholeheartedly recommend trying that one instead .
 Strictly speaking , there is nothing wrong with PoF . The rules are easy enough to understand and the strategy is reasonably complex and it 's not completely ugly ... ish . It 's just so bland visually -- especially the game cards . Buy it if you are into Eurogames and do n't mind semi-dry 2 hour experiences . SKip it otherwise
 I just bought this for my three year old 's birthday and had to return it because it never worked properly . I had planned to exchange it , but the manager pulled two others off the shelf and neither of those worked properly either . He said it was probably a manufacturers defect . I was very disappointed because it was so cute and my daughter loved it when she opened it . Now we have to try to find a replacement .
 We got this guitar for my 4 year old , she loved it , but it stopped functioning after less than a month , I thought I need to change batteries but even after that it did n't work , now I do n't know what to do with it , I did n't keep the box so that I could return it , very disappointed ...
 My daughter is almost three , and she was so excited when she received this for Christmas . Unfortunately , the strings do not work , and also the star buttons are supposed to play notes and/or chords , and they do n't work , either . I was going to send for a replacement because my daugher absolutely loves this , and I was so disappointed when Amazon responded there are no replacements available . I 'm going to see if the manufacturer can replace it .
 We just bought this for our 3 yr old daughter and the strings do n't work as indicated . We 'll see if the replacement will work . My daughter still thought it was great , but I expect it to work fully for the price .
 I bought this guitar for my 3 year old daughter who is crazy about the Disney Princess line . All the features worked except for the string feature . At this price I expect it to work properly so I took it back and exchanged it for another one . Again we had the same problems with the new one . I guess I 'll take it back and try another brand .
 We bought this item for my Daughter 's Christmas present and the strings do not work at all . All it does is play the 3 songs , and the microphone works . But the other functions -LRB- anything to do with the strings -RRB- do not work at all . We bought this at Toys R Us and we 're taking it back tomorrow . As I can see from the reviews -LRB- which I wish I 'd read earlier -RRB- , we 'll be getting a different brand of guitar . These seem faulty as a rule . Do not buy this .
 So , the only thing my 3 year old really wanted for Christmas was a guitar and unfortunately I chose this . The strings make no sounds , the `` buttons '' up and down the neck make no sounds and basically you have three irritating choices of songs and for me to say that is something , since every toy I own `` sings '' and none of them bother me!I 'm actually going to look for something else ... I 'm that bummed with it ... and so is she ! Oh well !
 A waste of money . Spend a bit more and get something that the kids might actually play with . The paper barn is a total joke and on one of the sets that I bought , it did n't even have the tabs to put it together . The horses are boring and my children did n't care for it . The Melissa and Doug horse toys are more durable and my children love them .
 I HATE this gorgosaurus !!!!!!! It looks like barney !!!!!!!!! It SHOULD be called the wild safari barney !!!!!!!!!! I would NOT reccomend it unless you like barney !!!!
 Item came with some broken parts -LRB- LED mainly -RRB- and did n't seem all that durable . A new one was shipped at no cost and we tried it for a few days with a very enterprising 11 year old . Some of the info was over his head but much of the project items were not compelling enough to keep the unit.If this is your child 's first exposure then it 's probably fine , just do n't expect a durable unit . For more entry-level , try snap kits . For more advanced , try Paralax and a bread board
 We got this for our daughters 5th birthday . She wanted it so bad , but what a shock when we opened it . One of the flowers broke as we were opening it . It only plays 2 songs and they are not the most listened to from Disney . You ca n't really follow along to play this because it 's a little off . Maybe I 'm being too critical , but I do n't want anyone else to waste their money on it . My daughter has not picked it up since her birthday . I suggest you try one of the other princess instruments unless they too have bad reviews .
 I purchased this keyboard for my daughter who just turned four years old . She enjoys playing with the keyboard but becomes frustrated when the petals continue to fall off . I have tried to pick up the petals as they fall but being that she enjoys playing it , it seldom stays in one place . She took the keyboard to show her grandmother and she lost petals from the car to my mothers front door . This is very upsetting for her and myself . Luckily she is not a child who puts things in her mouth . I am very disappointed with the purchase and would not recommend it to anyone .
 The petals fall off almost instantly . I 've lost a few . My daughter is 3 and I pulled one out of her mouth . This toy is a musical choaking hazard . If I could return it I would but the box is gone . What is the point of the petals ?
 I purchased this toy for my 3yr old twin girls and it was such a disappointment . The loved the music that would play on the keyboard , however as soon as one of the girls went to place it down on the floor two of the petal fell off . I was able to place the two petals back . However than I was trying to show them the different features the keyboard could do and I made some to the petals fall off . That was n't the biggest problem . One of my daughters dropped the keyboard on the floor and not only did the petals fall off and break , but the plastic cover came off the flowers exposing the metal underneath . This I was unable to snap back on . . This product is not worth the money and not good for little toddlers . This toy was a only kept in my house for a month and than I trashed it !!! VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT THIS WAS A DISNEY PRODUCT THAT WAS SO POORLY MADE .
 As written in the previous reviews , my daughter fell in love with this toy at the store . We bought it for her birthday and when we opened it one of the petals had broken off . Within about 5 minutes 2 other flowers came off and we were not able to put them back on . She was so disappointed . I also wish I would have read the reviews first . Why would Disney make a toy of such poor quality ?
 What a disappointing toy . Save your money and time do n't buy this toy . I wish I had read the reviews first . Every single petal fell off the piano within one hour of opening the box . My child was so upset because she really wanted this piano . It is so poorly constructed and yes as previous reviewer stated the petals are small and definitely a choking hazard !
 This is a cute little guitar for my 8 year old grandson.However , there are no directions for him to follow to play the guitar . There is nothing that comes with it.It has a built in amplifier , but , It has a place for an external hookup for another amplifier . The company does not tell you what hook up to use OR what amplifier to purchase.I would have thought that a merchandiser would refer people to these products.Also a book , just for this guitar , to learn how to play it.This product is useless with out the above mentioned .1 . Hook ups for another amplifier .2 . What amplifier to use .3 . An instruction book on how to play THIS guitar . -LSB- ... -RSB- It is a shame that there are no feferals to the products I mentioned above.T.Cole
 As soon as I got it out of the box and put the batteries in , it did n't work at all . My husband checked it out and we noticed that the plastic was out of place and the little motor fell out of it 's place . Well my husband clicked everything bak in place and the darn thing still would n't work . We returned it the next day and got our money back . Did n't even bother for a replacement because is so flimsy we were afraid of getting another one just like the first one . In ALL it was a great dissapointment
 I should have paid attention to the other reviews , but I really wanted to give my niece a bank like this so I bought it anyway . Did n't work at all . We changed batteries , jiggled everything that could be jiggled , but still no luck . Too bad , because it 's a very cute bank with bright colors ; perfect for a little girl . If only it actually worked . Hey , is it possible we all received and returned the same item ? Maybe someone should mark the box !
 I brought the magnif crazy coin keeper , hoping it would help me sort out my money so I can make a deposit , -LRB- I 've been collecting change since I was a kid -RRB- . However , upon opening my package , I realized it was broken . I brought the proper batteries and installed them correctly , and when I turned it on , nothing happened , no coins were sorted .
 They are cute little dolls . But , the heads , bodies , legs and feet are interchangeable . It is up to you whether you want to hunt down body parts and feet . i wished i had not bought this as soon as i found out that trollz body parts would be all over the place . Decide for yourself .
 This dolls are freakingly ugly . I hate Trollz but My Scene is cool . I hate Trollz . Do you ever watch the Trollz cartoon at Nikelodeon ? Bluekkk !!!! Stinkingly boring . I hate Trollz a lot !!!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This was cute , great for night time thirst , except it leaks CONSTANTLY . It is also hard for the kids to push the faucet to dispense water . Contacted the company , still waiting on an answer for a solution
 This little water dispenser is cute , but it LEAKS at a rate of 1 oz per hour . If you plan to leave it at your desk overnight , you should either take the bottle off or put it on something that wo n't be harmed by wetness .
 I thought it would take my change to save but instead it took my change away from me as the only way to get it is to break the darn thing . We put it together following the instructions but it has broken so many times that we spend more time fixing it than playing with it . Save your money ! Do n't spend it on this ! It is really just a piece of junk ! -- and 8-year-old reviewer
 I WAS EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PATICULAR MODEL OF SCRABBLE . THE PICTURE ON THE BOX MISREPRESENTS THE ACTUAL GAME YOU WILL RECEIVE FOR AN OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNT OF $ 29.99 + TAX , YOU RECEIVE A SCRABBLE GAME CONSISTING OF PLASTIC , CARDBOARD AND STICKERS . WHAT A JOKE . I WOULD 'VE PAID $ 50.00 IF IT WAS A DECENT SET , MAYBE MADE OF WOOD OR METAL , LIKE THE PICTURE ON THE BOX `` MISREPRESENTS '' . NEEDLESS TO SAY I RETURNED IT , & WE ARE STILL SEARCHING FOR A `` ACTUAL '' DELUXE SET . HECK THE TRAVEL SCRABBLE SET LOOKED BETTER THAN THIS DID . C-H-E-A-P-L-Y M-A-D-E !!
 it is fun but it takes awhile to play and you get much higher scores
 I was looking forward to receiving this product , for I dearly love Scrabble and was looking forward to the bigger board and extra tiles . However two of the tiles were broken in the bag and had to be glued back together and the tiles are thinner then the regular Scrabble tiles . I was also spoiled by my daughter 's board where each tile fits into a molded plastic spot when a word was being created . That way the tiles do n't slip around when the board is moved .
 My family and I are avid Scrabble players and looked forward to trying the new Super Scrabbble edition . We were , however , sorely disappointed . The only thing `` super '' about it is that it is super-long . While it was a great idea to add more letters , higher points per word and a larger board , the end product seemed an inferior edition , hastily manufactured and largely untested.The manufacturer simply added a border to the existing Scrabble game board . The new higher point squares are all near the periphery so it takes some game time to be able to use them . The board itself is flimsy and too large to comfortably swivel as each player takes their turn . It would be better to have it on a turning pedestal similar to the Deluxe edition . There are many more tiles on this board . It would have been nice to have the tile pockets on the board to hold them all in place - again like the Deluxe edition.The score pad is too short for the length of this game and the increased number of tiles should be in a larger bag as the same size bag makes it harder to pass and mix . We tried giving each player nine , instead of the standard seven , tiles but the tile holder is too short for this to be comfortable.In short , we do not recommend this new version . It compares unfavorably to the Deluxe Scrabble edition .
 There are no indentions on the large board to hold the tiles in place as they are played . With a board that large and that many tiles after a very short time it turns into a tile skating rink with a great deal of time spent trying to keep the tiles in their original position.One game was enough.We will never use it again.Our present standard scrabble board has an indented surface to hold the tiles in place and had we known that the new one did not we would never have considered buying it .
 I had originally bought the 2002 edition , which was positively wonderful . It was so wonderful that I decided to get a second copy . That was a big mistake , because the second copy was the 2010 edition . What was wrong ? Nearly everything , except the game itself : The tiles are no longer wood , but some composite plastic , which not only stinks , but the printing of the letters is blurred - they are n't even an even size . I guess we need BPA-free games!The tile bag is cheap , and does n't even close properly.The board is thinner , and of poorer quality . The only thing holding the two sides together is thin plasticized paper.Everything is cheap and plastic . This went from being a joy to play to entirely too obnoxious to use.So I guess it 's possible to wreck anything .
 I love Standard Scrabble but Super Scrabble has gone too far . The games last forever which is frustrating when you play in a large family gathering setting . The marathon games make it easier to come back from being behind but everyone I 've played with is just bored at the end and wants to get the game over with . Plus the board is flat and when knocked the tiles jumble up . Extra frustrating when you have been playing for hours .
 Our family received this as a Christmas present , and initially , we were very excited , since we love playing Scrabble . However , once we opened the box , it was hard not to notice the poor quality of its design and construction . The board has an awkward crease where it folds in half , which , at first glance , appeared to be a defect . While playing , the crease prevents letters from lying flat , which is very frustrating . We had talked about exchanging it for another game , but now suspect that this is a design error , rather than a defect in construction . The whole game has a rather chintzy feel to it -- the tiles are wimpy , with the letters stamped on , not `` etched '' ; even the paper used on the background of the board does n't look , or feel , as nice as other versions.Another thing which is really frustrating , is trying to figure out/remember where the double and triple words squares are . In the `` Super '' version , the `` triple word score '' squares are now orange , while red is for double words . `` Double letter score '' squares are been changed from light blue to dark , which happens to be the same blue which was originally used for `` triple letter score '' scores . Confusing to read ? Try playing it!I agree with other reviewers , who write that this is not really a new , improved version , but just the original board -LRB- but even that is messed up -RRB- , with all of the quadruple squares tacked outside of the original board 's domain . Most kids could have easily come up with a better design!We are debating whether or not to keep the game . It might be nice for times that more than 4 people want to play , although we would need to borrow a tile holder from another game . Oh , well ... the thought was nice ...
 purchased in 2009 . the whirring from the tee is just too loud . and you really need a lot more balls to make this fun . we used it just as a tee most of the time .
 My three old grandson played with this using the middle level of pitching balls for about 10 minutes when the batteries had to be replaced ! I was very disappointed in it 's quality .
 I bought this for my son with visions of t-ball in the backyard , lemonade , good ol summertime fun . Well , that did n't happen . The Balls are too heavy , pitching feature pitched it like 3 inches so unless your child is a Thumballina twin forget that . The batteries lasted as long as it took to take it outside , get really frustrated , and go back in . Really . My son did use the t-ball stand . Once . It 's too low for him . So if you ant a t-ball stand for young young child its ok . But the pitching feature and balls theselves are a waste . All in all , just save some dough and get a 5 doller t-ball stand . If you need it to pitch get something else alltogether .
 I have to say I 'm extremely surprised by the number of positive reviews of this product . I coach 8U and 6U girls softball so I 'm always trying out different training tools like this.First , the bad :1 . The motor in this toy is extremely loud . We use this mostly indoors in our basement and my daughters cringe whenever it turns on . They get used to , but do n't like it .2 . I purchased an extra set of balls , but for whatever reason , no matter how many balls are loaded , only four get pitched . The machine does n't jam , it just stops popping them out . Very frustrating .3 . The tee falls off constantly . No surprise , since it just loosely twists into the base . You ca n't expect a toddler to not hit the tee when they 're learning to hit . It 's frustrating to have it toppling over all the time , so we stopped using it . I purchased an adjustable rubber Franklin tee , which performs 110 % better than this piece of junk .4 . The trajectory of the pitched balls is all over the place . Sometimes they come flying out at high speed , other times they just pop out softly . The inconsistency makes it a terrible training tool .5 . There 's no indication -LRB- light or beep -RRB- alerting the batter when the ball will be pitched .6 . The tee is too tall , and ca n't be adjusted . It 's a decent height for a 6-7 year old , but too high for anyone younger .7 . The price . I ca n't remember how much I paid for this , but it was too much.The good :1 . The only good thing about this product are the balls that come with it . We use them with the Franklin tee .
 This product was a big disappointment . It pitches the ball poorly and the motor is extremely noisy . I would recommend that anyone interested in a pitching machine do more research than I did before making the purchase . Had I researched it better , I would have never bought the machine .
 So i got this for my 4yr old daughter for christmas and when we put it together it was missing the cover and 2 screw and without the cover it wont stand up on the base so we are pretty much screwed . cant even use it and trying to get them to send me a replacement part is a pain they want to charge me to send me something that i already paid for . so disapointed !!!
 I purchased this for my 4 year old 's birthday based on all the positive reviews . After I purchased 4 D batteries , I put the thing together , with a very eager 4 year old by my side . What a bummer it was to have it put together , and have it do hardly anything . The baseballs were very , very slow to come out . Not to mention this toy is LOUD ! But back to the actual function of this toy . It 's horrible . The balls are slow to come out , if they came out at all . Or perhaps one will come out , but then it would turn itself off . It also appeared to shut itself off if the 4 year old was too slow to add the balls back to it . Overall very disappointed with this , and it 's going back .
 I bought this toy thinking that it was like the Little Tikes one that my son 's friend has -LRB- which he plays with for hours and hours -RRB- . The Little Tikes one seems to have a catapult mechanism -- this one is like the loudest leaf-blower you have ever heard ! It 's really distracting and annoying -- so much so that we never use it in the house and it 's even a pain outside . Very annoyed with this purchase .
 The paint application is the worst I have ever seen on a `` Marvel Legends '' !!!!!! I 'm probably going to have my fiance re do the paint.One of my favorite things about the `` Marvel Legends '' line of action figures is the articulation . But , for the first time the articulation ruins the figure . I had a really hard time getting her to look good standing up.My recommendation ... is to get the M.O.D.O.K. build a figure another way . If you want a Jessica Drew Spider-Woman , try the `` Marvel Select '' .
 As a single mother I 've assembled enough toys that I felt that putting this together would be cake . I mean , I 'm fairly literate and have about average coordination . No big deal . To my surprise , this thing totally pwned me . The directions are vague and none of the pieces are labeled . `` Stick this one into that one '' is n't real helpful when all the metal tubes look pretty much the same to me . And maybe I 'm doing something wrong , but trying to get the net onto it properly had me biting my tongue to keep from cussing like a trucker . I do n't know if it was the heat , or the screaming kids whining to help ... but I had to put it down and walk away because I was about 30 seconds away from placing it in the street and running it over with my car just for the satisfying crunch.It 's still in a mangled pile in my kitchen at the moment , so I ca n't say for sure whether my kid will like it , or whether yours will . All I know is that as a parent , I ca n't endorse a product that makes me want to snap it in half over my head while I roar at the sky before it 's even functional . *** Update *** I finally got the thing together , but not without raising my blood pressure a few more points . Then I sat back , ready to blow up the ball so my kiddo could start training to become the next Pele ... and the directions went something like this :9 -RRB- Insert pin -LRB- not included -RRB- into the ball . 10 -RRB- Use pump -LRB- not included -RRB- to inflate.Seriously , Fischer-Price ? Seriously ? You could n't squeeze a pre-inflated ball into that big honking box ? instead you want me to go out and buy a pin and a pump to inflate yout 15 cent blob of cheapo rubber ? That 's absurd and unacceptable.I 'm going to pick one up at Walmart or Target , I guess . But man , was that the icing on the cake ...
 The `` soccer '' ball is roughly the size of a softball . I am packaging this back up and sending it back to Amazon tomorrow.Pictures with references for size would be nice .
 $ 59.99 ? Is n't this the same item that was selling for $ 19.99 just last week on Amazon ? And Super Sounds Soccer is listed on the Fisher-Price website for $ 25.00 . What 's going on here ?!
 I found this toy to be very frustrating . I took the time to set it all up one day and my son had only played with it a little while before it all came apart again . I could not face putting back together again that day so I put it away . The next time I set it up I actually duct-tapped the tubes together in the hopes that it would remain set up longer . I was wrong . I just recently threw it out after trying again to set it up and losing my patience . I 'd rather buy something that is permantly together even if it takes up more room in my garage ! For right now , I am just using some orange cones as a goal and it works just as well-I can certainly shout `` goal '' on my own without the taregt .
 The other reviewer was right , Fisher price is selling them for $ 25.00 ! We got ours there , always reminds me to take an extra minute online to check other store websites !
 we got this for my son 's 3rd birthday . it was SO hard to put together that my husband and i -LRB- who both have master 's degrees ! -RRB- had to try a few different times before it worked . it is very small and tips over easily . my son just likes to kick the sound thing that hangs down . if he kicks the ball and it gets any `` air '' then it flies over the top of the goal .
 Very hard to keep the guy 's hat on his head and the rifle in his hands . Disappointing .
 I tought it was bigger i ordered it not these tiny things i got was highly dissapointed can barely hold in my hand so small
 for the cost , $ 30 this was lameit had cute color and was fuzzy as expectedbut it was n't bigger than my handthe merchant did deliver the product on time and I have shipped it back for a refund
 After 25 years my old roll-up vinyl chessboard needed to be replaced . So I ordered this green one to replace it . I assumed it would be impossible to lower the quality of a vinyl chessboard . Well I am proved wrong . Someone has managed to do that . The board sticks to itself when we unroll it to play . Secondly , the mat feels thinner than my old board . Finally , call me fussy , I preferred my old boards lettering over this one.I have now had this board for over a month and I have lowered my rating to one-star . The reason is that the board still sticks to itself when rolled up , the green paint has now rubbed off on the white squares . Finally , dust and anything else floating in the air sticks to the board , making playing with this board unappealing .
 labeled from white 's side of play is finelabeled from black 's side of play is incorrect.See labels in chess books .
 My son absolutely LOVES tinker toys . He 's been playing with them since he was 4 and he is now 8 . I thought Zoobs would be a hit because of his love for building . He ca n't stand this toy . He gets so frustrated because the pieces are hard to put together and pull apart . This toy was a waste of money for us .
 WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE SIZE OF THE PRODUCT -- PICTURE MAKES SIZE OF PRODUCT SEEM LARGER AND IT WAS ACTUALLY VERY VERY SMALL !! I DID NOT RETURN JUST FOR THE HASSLE AND MAYBE MY FAULT FOR NOT ASKING QUESTIONS , WAS FOR DAUGHTER IN LAW WHO COLLECTS KOALA BEAR ITEMS AND THEN TO TOP IT OFF -- AFTER MY DISAPPOINTMENT FOUND SHE ALREADY HAS ONE JUST LIKE IT !
 i really do n't know what to say about this toy . is is so flimsy and these magical accecories ARE SO tiny . oh and christie and barbie and treresea mast really hate each other for two reasons . i christin this toy salon bowling mayhem ! i tried to get christie to keep the spiders oops i mean hair extentions to stay on her head but they caught on to teresea 's hand which pulled her and knocked out barbie and splling water then knocking the playset down.this reallly seams like war or wrestiling ! and they also hate one another for bothering to come to this cheap salon ! wihch ever doll decided to come her probably got beat up ! i hate this toy ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My son purchased this game with a gift card that he received for his birthday . He was extremely excited to buy the game and could not wait to play on family game night . The game itself is a complete nightmare !! It is horribly designed and impossible to put together . It is the cheapest quality that I have ever encountered in a board game ! After spending an hour trying to assemble it my son was in tears . I will be returning this game to Toys R Us for another game that can actually be assembled and played !!
 My son got this for his birthday and was very excited to play with it . Setting it up became a nightmare because the `` 3-D Buildings '' touted by the game were nearly impossible to put together . Attempting to put them together involves trying to insert many small , flimsy card board tabs into small , badly cut slots . My son was in tears , and frankly , I almost was , too . Frustrating ! I finally managed to cobble them together enough to start the game , but since they kept falling apart during game play we finally had had enough and quit . Frustrating !
 This game is much to hard to set up . The rules are confusing . My 7 year old could not get the game rules straight . The game is hard to put away because the pieces -LRB- once assembled -RRB- are very bulky . I am not impressed
 Like other reviewers stated this game is difficult to put together without ruining the peices . Once together it can not be put away easily but if you place the peices on their sides you can kinda close the lid on the box . You really do not want to have to take apart the peices because they will wear down or rip if you have to put them together too many times -LRB- we taped ours to help them stay together -RRB- . My boys 7 and 5 do find the game fun and they can play it on their own . I find that it is a very easy game to play and it ends quickly so they usually end up playing a few rounds .
 The Game risk is easy to learn . For teens and over.It is all about building your own empire to take over the world while defending your own borders . Allies become important . This game needs to come with a warning . It seems to generate a fair bit of arguing and fighting by the players . We have played the game a number of times with different people and each time it results in an argument.Everyone we know who plays this game says the same . We have got to the point of acknowledging it is a great game but good relationships are better . Buyer be ware !
 Apart from the plastic small boxes that contains the pieces of wood and the book shape case . This game is not as well design as the other Risk . The infantry , cavalry and artillery are only shapeless small pieces of color wood . The game board is small and the cards are poorly printed .
 I have to say I loved the Nightmare games . I have all four . I was disappointed when they stopped making them . Atmosfear is not the same . The Gatekeeper in Nightmare was such an evil guy . He was always on you but Atmosfear was too tame . If you really want a fun game find the Nightmare games . They were originally only on VHS . The first is Nightmare with the Gatekeeper ; Nightmare 2 with the Baron -LRB- Zombie -RRB- ; Nightmare 3 with Anne De Chantraine -LRB- witch -RRB- ; and Nightmare 4 with Elizabeth Bathory -LRB- vampire -RRB- .
 Perhaps I 'm being to harsh because I 'm comparing my experience with this game with the VHS original from my childhood , but this completely disappointed my friends and I.The original was much funnier , deeper , and it led to a more fun experience . The gatekeeper -LRB- DVD host -RRB- fails to be as funny , and the overall production seems cheaper . The gameboard its self also seems less interactive . If I remember correctly there used to be gates that opened and closed as time progressed , but now its simply two circular paths to follow . Lastly the game is impossible to win . The gatekeeper combined with the cards that players receive make it brutally hard to reach the center and defeat the game . Good luck getting all the keys needed to win , and once you do get them every card is designed to keep you away from the center.On the bright side the DVD allows some variety as far as the gatekeeper goes . He now pops up at random times during the game , and has a variety of things to say . And thats about it.Again it might just be nostalgia getting in the way , but I was extremely disappointed with this game .
 Want a sure fire way to kill your party ?? Put this DVD in , turn the music off , make people sit down and play this game . It was not fast , it was not frightening , it was not fun . Your guests would have more fun watching the paint dry in your basement .
 If you pay this much you should not have to stick the stickers on your self.And my stickers did not even stick so I had to get glue dots to hold the stickers on .
 We purchased two of these for our twin 3-year olds . The product idea is fun , but the material used to construct these is completely inappropriate for a product made for children . It breaks very easily under normal children 's use , which includes occasionally falling from a low -LRB- 20 '' high -RRB- child 's table . Broken edges can also be a little sharp.You can see a photo of ours after a few weeks of use atwww dot dbooth dot org slash 2007 slash
 My daughter enjoys playing with this toy , and treats it like a phone -LRB- as it resembles a cell phone -RRB- . She likes pushing the buttons and listening to the music , but she holds it up to her ear while it 's playing music . The problem with this is that it is very loud , and there is no sound adjustment . It 's so loud you can hear it rather well from upstairs . It 's a good idea , especially with the whole bilingual education it provides , but I wish it had a volumn adjustment so it would n't cause any negative effects on her ears . I would n't advise this toy for kids under 3 who do n't understand not having loud objects so close to their ears .
 I was very excited about the game . However the directions where not clear . There was no who goes first and there where miss prints in the scripts that we had to read.Would have been more fum with a little more guidance .
 DBZ is a great card game to play . It is discontinued now and hard to find . But if you are looking for a great trading card game to play I suggest this one.Now onto the review of this product . The World Game series is probably my least favorite booster series but all in all it could have been worse . This product though is miss leading because you only get one starter set not two . The card game is tough to start fyi also .
 Got this for my 9 year old 's birthday . She used it for 3 pages of her journal and then the pen ran out of invisible ink . UTTERLY USELESS AND DISAPPOINTING ! What started out as one of the best presents with a fun and exciting purpose ended up as a disappointing let down . The idea of the journal is great , but the durability of it was a big let-down . In all fairness , maybe it was an anomoly . I do n't know . I did n't contact the company to return it . Maybe they would have replaced it . But the point is ... I should n't have to after 3 pages of writing in a journal .
 THIS FIGURE SUCKS I DONT LIKE IT AT ALL THIS IS THE WORST JBL I HAVE EVER SEEN .
 I am highly disappointed in this toy . First , when changing it over from a sled to a wagon the pre drilled holes did n't match up . We had to redrill holes ourselves . Then the welds on the handle were in the wrong place and screw used to hold the wagon handle in place did n't work . We had to fix that too . Now one of the wheels keeps falling off because the locking nut is defective . I am so disappointed . These things are all fixable , but for the amount I paid for it , I would expect it to just be right . I do n't buy things wanting to redrill holes and find replacement bolts and nuts at the hardware store . I just want it to work .
 I was very unhappy when I opened the box and saw this product had been made in China . It said in the review it was made in Colorado . I was even more upset when I pulled out the sled and the wheels and handle were not in the box . I did like the way the sled looked and would have kept it if all the parts were included . My whole purpose of buying this product was so my son could pull my daughter down the isle in a wagon on my wedding day . Without wheels I had no wagon . Needless to say this item went right back for return .
 Item came quick but did n't last long enough for my liking . If I could go back I would save my money .
 THe product is beautiful but some on the paints were dried up and unusable . I had to get creative mixing other color to try and match .
 This was a gift to my sister , age 55 . She had problems with where to place the paint with which numbers .
 At the time of this review there is one being sold for $ 80 + as collectable here . LOL . HELL NO . THIS THING IS UGLY ! It looks like parts from a washer and dryer ! Guess why it 's not being sold anymore ? Sickening looking . Lost the instructions for the game and there are none on Youtube or the Internet . Guess why ? CUZ IT 'S BORING AND STUPID MAYBE ?
 I purchased this for a friend 's daughter and assumed that it came with two invisible marker 's and two developer marker 's that make the invisible ink show up . You get two of everything else , but only one set of markers -LRB- one is an invisible ink marker , the other the developer -RRB- . I paid $ 6.99 for mine at Hobby Lobby . It is worth about $ 2.00 . I would recommend ordering the set of four Invisible Ink Ballpoint Pen & Black Light 4 pack from DDDiscs on amazon.com . Yes , they cost about $ 3.00 per pen -LRB- $ 11.97 total -RRB- . While the pens are not actually ballpoints , they are a marker style and work great ! The blue/purple light on the end is used to make the ink visible . Then for $ 7.99 on amazon.com order the book `` Top Secret
 I bought this figure becuz I 'm a Jango , Boba , and all other bounty hunters enthusiast . However , upon opening this product , words ca n't express my disappointment with this shameful excuse for a Jango Fett toy . I found the `` Jango 's Final Battle '' jetpack interesting . But after examining it in the movie , I 'm pretty disgusted . Since when did Jango have Slave I 's engine pod on his back ? It 's absolutely huge and unwieldy by even the strongest of hunters ! And the role of this huge clunky hunk of plastic ? To play horribly regurgitated ideas of what sounds Fett made in the movie . And sort of like Kamino and Final Battle Jango , this thing is removable , but makes Jango hollow at the torso . A note to Jango fans who might buy this
 The age that was advertised on Amazon was different from the age on the box . It is for younger kids not for 8 years old .
 This product gets zero stars . I just opened the box for this game and the entire box and game are all in Russian ! It was to go to my adult traumatically brain injured son where English would be a challenge . What a pain ! He was looking forward to receiving this and now I have to go to the trouble of returning it . Boo !!!!!
 After reading all the 5-star reviews about Zingo , I was surprised to be quite disappointed by this game . It is a variation on Bingo , but Bingo , yes Bingo , is better . In Bingo everyone who has B3 or O72 on their card gets to mark it . But in Zingo , only the fastest player who can grab the tile gets to mark the card . If you are playing with an older and younger child , the older one is almost always sure to grab it first , leading to unneeded conflicts . If an adult is playing against a child , the adult is surely to always win unless you lose the game purposefully . In the description the game claims to teach vocabulary recognition , but with words like pig , house , sun , tree , cake , bat , shoe , bird , etc. , that 's not much teaching of vocabulary for a 4-8 year old . At least in Bingo , the younger ones are learning 2-digit number recognition . After a couple of rounds my kids needed to play more than one card to keep up the interest level . After that the main attraction was the tile dispenser . That part of the game was most fun of all . Who would get to be in charge of the sliding tile dispenser ? Soon the tile dispenser was the only thing they were playing with.The thing I did like was the quality of the cards , tiles , and tile dispenser . Everything was quality made , not at all flimsy . If it did get played with , I know it would last .
 Zingo is like Bingo with pictures instead of numbers . My grandson liked it at first and so did I , however by the third game he was ready to turn the cards over to the harder sides , was ready to play two cards at the same time , plus two cards for me , plus two cards for his teddy bear -- all at the same time . The tiles , while very durable , must be loaded into a gadget -- a timeconsuming , no fun chore that will be left to the parent or older child . And it is harder the bigger fingers you have . I like this as an alternate game , but not if you only just want to buy one to refresh your game stock .
 It 's hard to put the plastic chips into the dispenser slot . I see no need for the chip dispenser to have a cover . The play cards were warped when received , and still are . This is just another yelling and grabbing game , with matching , and little thinking .
 Unfortunatley you wont ship to me ... and I dont know why ... I 'd love to have bought this , but I cant.So I cant rate this toy , however I think it would be FULL STARS if I were able to actually buy it .
 This is a pathetic waste of money . The Light Saber comes apart and the only way to get it to stay together is with glue . why this was made in two peices is beyond me . the glue ended up not working either . the droid wont stay together long enough to get blown apart so we ended up gluing it as well . O yeah it does ` nt stand up well either . all in all a very poorly desinged peice of -LSB- garbage -RSB- . My son is very disappointed with this ...
 The Battle Droid comes apart but then would not go back together so you basically get 11/2 figures . The package was delivered quickly .
 Bought this for my son . It was fun ... while it worked . It worked great for about 15 minutes and then it no longer went forward . You can only drive it in reverse , which takes the fun out of it . At one point , it did n't work at all then started again . It was very inconsistent . I took it back to the store to purchase a different one .
 The controller shorted out on this little gem within the first hour of operation and I had to return it . Save yourself some grief , buy a different brand .
 My son received the spiderman 2 wireless video camera as a birthday gift and he was very excited . We followed the directions carefully and were very dissapointed to find out that we had a defective camera . It would not transmit to the tv . After exchanging the camera , we were lulled into a false sense of excitement as the second one did not work either . Undaunted , we called the 1-800 number listed on the package . Although very friendly , they were unable to help or diagnose the problem . Very frustrating . This is a very expensive toy and the frustration we felt was huge . I would not recommend this toy . In fact we returned it took the money and bought something more fun . I hope others have had better luck than we did .
 I purchased the videocam for $ 99 and my 6 yr old said it best ... `` That was a waste of our money ! '' We could not get it to work at all . The setup was simple , but what good is that if the toy does not function ?! We tried on three tv 's and two vcr 's . The best response we got was static on one of the tv sets .
 My seven year old son saved the $ 99.00 for months in order to buy this toy himself and was so excited when it came . He was extremely sad and disappointed when it did n't work . The instructions were very difficult to follow and made you think that if you just put new batteries in it , that it would magically work as well as they claimed . That just was n't the case for us . Thankfully the return process was easy and we were able to purchase another toy .
 the camera was purchased for christmas from Santa . although simple to set up the lens in the camera appears to the installed backwards . the video picture transmitts to the camera but with reverse magnification . the sound is present but uninteligable . The only value we found was the teaching opportunity of how electronics relate and can work if designed properly . Thanks to the Polar Express movie the Elfs took the hit for not building carefully , and we still believe in Santa
 We purchased this for our 9 year old who was very excited to receive his `` very own video camera '' . After we found a screwdriver small enough to put all the batteries in , it did n't work . We could see change in light but no picture , like a part was missing . Thank goodness my son took all of this very well . Very happy about how easy it was to return . Do n't bother with this camera !!!
 I bought this item , for Christmas , for my parents to give to my son . Later I read some reviews on the internet . I asked my parents to try it out because of the bad ratings . Sure enough , my parents had the same trouble as most . When my parents called the company , the company did not even try to talk my parents through troubleshooting , they just said '' you can get your money back '' , I feel -LRB- my opinion -RRB- that they know this is a defective product due to the fact that they were unwilling to even try to help figure out the problem . The company should recall all of these items and save the public the hastle . I can just imagine the poor parents and children over christmas . This item has been reduced to $ 50 from $ 100 . They should be paying us !!!! I am turning their name to the Better Business Burea . I would suggest you do the same .
 I should have listened when i read the reviews , but i didnt.I went out and bought this video camera for my sons and when we hooked it up nothing.The screen was static and i couldnt even get the remote to work.We returned the camera to the store the next day , my kids were very dissapointed.Dont buy this product , listen to all the reviews .
 This toy simply does not work , and as it was a `` Santa Claus '' present , that made for a big disappointment in our house . Amazon made doing a return very easy , but that does not compensate for `` Santa '' giving such a shoddy product . In contrast , a completely non-electronic skittles set works just like you remember it from childhood . There 's a lesson in here somewhere ...
 We bought this for my 8 year old for Christmas . He has been wanting a video camera and I thought this would be great ! However , I can not get it to work . I have tried 3 different televisions and 2 different vcrs in our house . We are so dissapointed ! We are sending it back as soon as the post office opens !!!
 Once put together , this toy is a great looking pirate ship . Just do n't try playing with it . The Lego pieces do not stick firmly together , so even the slightest touch results in the entire ship falling apart . After several frustrating attempts to play with the toy , my five year old gave up on it . We finally used model glue to glue the Legos together so that it was n't a complete waste of money . If you do n't have the time or patience to do the same , this toy is n't for you .
 DO NOT attempt to buy this product from the vendor `` Baby Age '' , try purchasing from a different vendor . I ordered it a few weeks ago and they never shipped it , thus , Amazon did n't charge me ... but I did n't get the desk that I wanted either . If you want this item order it from a different vendor .
 Do not order this item from this vendor . I ordered it a few weeks ago and it never shipped . They kept promising to ship the item but never did . My order was cancelled . If you want this item for Christmas , you should order it from someplace else .
 My son and I worked on this think for a few minutes a day for 9 days . After dealing with countless breakages due to a design flaw -LRB- the foundation can not support the weight fore and aft -RRB- , we finished . As I picked it up show the Falcon to my son , it fell into three pieces . I tried to repair it and more pieces fell off . The more I tried to repair it , the more it kept falling apart . I am convinced that without the use of model glue , it will never stay together long enough to snap a picture of the completed project . How a child is supposed to play with this is beyond me . It would cause far less trauma -LRB- and a lot less money -RRB- if you would go and buy your child an equivalent number of Legos and let them use their imagination.We 've been loyal Lego purchasers for 12 years now . I will think long and hard before I purchase another set like this one.Do yourself a favor . Do n't buy this product .
 I was real excited since I grew up with an etch a sketch and wanted my 4 year old -LRB- Eto for ages 4 and Up -RRB- to get the new state of the art ETO -LRB- Electronic Etch a Sketch -RRB- . I took it out of the package and looked at the manual -LRB- not very detailed -RRB- . I plugged it into the TV and figured I would try it first so I could teach my little one.Summary1 . Interface is very hard to use . They needed a much easier menu system . If I 'm an adult having a hard time using it , imagine a little one . I have never had a problem using any time of computer/video game system , etc until this unit -LRB- ETO -RRB- 2 . Joystick like control is very tough to move around for an adult let alone a child3 . Graphics are not very clear on any TV set I tried it on . Text is quite blurry as wellConclusionStick with the old etch a sketch with the knobs and aluminum powder ... It 's tried and True and has worked since the 50 's and hope that the next version of ETO is much easier to use ...
 This toy was entirely too difficult for my 6 yr . old to figure out . She begged for it because the commercials looked fun but once `` Santa '' brought it , she hates it -LRB- and is mad at Santa for not knowing ! -RRB- . My husband and my teenagers all tried to figure it out and when they finally did , the graphics were terrible and it is not fun to play with . I guess it 's a durable toy but that 's all the good I can say about it . Save yourself the money ... you 're better off with a Magna Doodle !
 1 . Ca n't see icons on the screen so you do not know what you are doing .2 . Graphics are the worst !! 3 . Check out the instructions where it says it can damage a projection TV !!!!! 4 . Returned it after 5 minutes using it !
 I would not reccomend this toy . It is very difficult to see the images and the directions are confusing and it almost impossible even for an adult to operate this toy . The advertisments are misleading and inacurate . This `` toy '' is a waste of time and money .
 I totally agree with the other bad reviews on this thing . I bought this for my alomost 5 year old daughter on Christmas . She was so excited and we plugged it in right away . That was the only thing that I could figure out how to do . I am not a dummie when it comes to gadgets like this but for the life of me , I could not figure this thing out . I read the instructions over and over and just gave up . We took it back 2 days later . Extremely disappointed ! Do n't do it to yourself !
 I bought this for my seven year-old this christmas . It 's the only real dissapointment this year . My kids -LRB- 7 and 11 -RRB- tried first , without reading the instructions of course , and could n't figure it out . They decided it must need ` cartridges ' or something to work , based upon the available port on the front.I tried it myself with the instructions . It is of course completely self-contained and needs nothing more to access the 3 games that are internal to the unit.The icons are so pixelly on screen and the instructions printed so small that I really struggled to try and work it out.It should n't be like this . This is the kind of toy that a seven year-old should be able to pick up and use intuitively . Sure it can have advanced features and require some learning , I 'm not saying it should be too shallow , BUT unless it 's fun the first time it 's picked up , it 's not going to get picked up a second time .
 I bought this toy for my 5 and 7 year old daughters . I plugged it in and found the graphics to be very pixel like . The pictures and the words were very hard to concentrate on . They seemed to move continuously . The price was good and the ease of use was great . My daughters caught on to the game very quickly , but I ended up returning it due to the fact that I was getting a headache watching it and so was my oldest . Great idea , just better the graphics please .
 Very poor quality . Combination dial broke after very few uses . Just spins around and around now . My child has to bring it to me every time he wants it opened so I can pry it open .
 I bought this safe for my 10 year old nephew , who has repeatedly had his money stolen by younger siblings . After it arrived I took it out to work the combination and to put money in it for my nephew . I was not impressed . I discovered that the combination mechanism is poorly made . Without looking at the combination my wife was able to open the safe in less than 30 seconds . I needed this safe to protect against a 7 and 5 year old . I 'm a scientist , so I like to experiment . My daughter is two and a half years old , which is too young to read . I simply showed her that the safe could be opened , but I did n't show her how . She 's a very curious girl and was able to open the safe in less than 3 minutes . This safe stands no chance in holding up against young children . I like the idea of it , it looks cool , and they 're on the right track with it . I just wish they had put a little more thought into the locking mechanism . I regret that I payed $ 13 for this as I think it would more appropriately be worth $ 5 . I am now back to looking for something else .
 This safe turned out to be weak - i.e. I was very disappointed and the door of the safe does not close fully -LRB- the combination lock is not sturdy it opens easily without the combination -RRB- .
 I thought it would be fun for my son to have a SAFE bank to keep his sister away from his money . I regret not opening the LARGE amazon box the TINY safe arrived in . I was already past the return window . My 10 year old son and husband found that the dial does not work well . It 's deceptively small on-line . When I saw the ORIENTAL TRADING COMPANY sticker on it , it made me even more ANGRY ! Oriental Trading Co. sells JUNK . This safe is JUNK and NOT worth the $ 13 I over paid for it . Seriously , AMAZON has been very disappointing -LRB- on other things as well -RRB- . This is why shopping in a REAL store is the ONLY way to go .
 I ordered this safe for my 5 year old grandson , and the description said red , blue , or black , and much to my dismay , they sent a pink one . Luckily , my son discovered this error before he opened it . I am very disappointed with this shipment . Pink was not an option for this safe , and I would have never ordered it if it were .
 Bought for my 8 yr old . It broke the first day . She can not lock it now because it just pops open . Anyone can turn the knob without the combination and open it right up . useless ... . sure dont make them like they used to .
 I should have looked at the dimensions before ordering this safe . It is only 5x5x4 inches , really only big enough to put a child 's money in -LRB- my son wanted to put a few other `` valuables '' in there as well -RRB- .
 Purchased this item for 2 grandsons . The bank was advertised as blue , black or red . When they arrived both were pink so the items were returned .
 I ordered this item two times . The description clearly states -LRB- Blue , Black or Red -RRB- but yet I got a pink one , not once but twice . A very disappointing error especially when it is so close to the holidays . And extremely disappointed that Amazon was so careless after I explained the situation the first time . It 's great to get items quickly but that does n't matter when errors are made twice in a row .
 Product is very cheaply made . Not even sure if it 's real metal . Door was n't on right - was on a tilt and I could open it without even turning the lock .
 I bought this safe to hide something that I did n't want anyone bothering with . It does that enough for now . However , it is easy to open without the code if you just turn the dial back and forth a couple times . Or you can just pull it a little hard then it 'll just pop out .
 I had a safe when I grew up so I got one for my son . Mine was much cooler with slots for nickels , dimes , pennys , and quarters . This safe however is just an empty box , not one slot for anything . You ca n't choose what color you get , I was lucky and got the color I wanted . And most of all the lock is SUPER cheap , you do n't even need the code to open it , just turn it a few times and it opens itself .
 This item is a novelty . Like one of those cheap piggy banks . It is cheap and would only work for a fun toy for a kid to practice with .
 I ordered two of these . One for my daughter and one for my son . When they arrived the combination lock did not turn smoothly and they both had trouble getting the safe to open . We replaced them with the toy safe made by Schylling and they seemed to work much better .
 The safe should not be used for anything other than a toy . It does not provide any security , it can simply be pulled open .
 I was really excited to get my 8 year old a bank safe for her birthday . I checked all the reviews , and this seemed like the best bet . However , all the negative reviews turned out to be true . The metal of the safe itself seems sturdy , but the combination lock is a joke . It literally broke the first time I tried the combination , straight out of the box , and there 's clearly no fixing it . I never even told my daughter I bought it for her , and now it sits in the shipping box until I can get rid of it . This was a huge disappointment and a big waste of time and money . Do n't bother with it .
 i ordered this in blue and got a purple one seriosly i read the other reviews and same thing happened to them if thats the case something has to change cause this went to a ten year old boy and was very angry and also cheaply made it turns and always comes open !!
 It was not much of a safe since it opens by just turning the dial , should have spent more money on dial
 Instead of a blue safe , I got a pink one . I went back and saw someone had put that in his review .
 Notice the product description
 My son with aspergers was really excited to get this toy . He does n't like the traditional toys . I thought this was just a simple kit with invisible ink and paper . I actually kind of wish it was.Instead it comes with 2 thick instruction books . I started reading them , and they are certainly not written for ages 8 and up . It was written for more of an age 12 + . It went through the history of secret messaging from anicnet times . The book explains a few sceret mission to go on . Not one is just using invisble ink pens and paper . They are complex and require items not in the kit.An 8 year old opening who was expecting to write some messages was overwhlemed . I ended up putting away all the complex instructions and just made up our on missions .
 i had high hopes for this game but it turned out to be ... stupid . you have to keep shuffling the same 10 cards over and over , not very thought out . not a good game overall .
 compared to zombies !!! this is the most boring game twilight creations has made . it 's called the haunting house ... the only thing is there is no ghosts . it 's just a maze game . oh and the winner is the one who escapes . i just use the pieces for my zombies game . that 's the only use i ever found for the game .
 guys . Do n't buy . They break & my 9 year old only played with them for about 2 hours -- and he was mad the whole time because it kept breaking .
 I got it because it was cheap , but it does its job well . One thing bugged me though ; after a few weeks the screen began to turn foggy in the material itself , making it a little harder to see the screen . After a few months , the screen became unreadable . This product does not last and is good for only a few months of usage.BTW
 I think it is so cool . It rocks the world !
 it 's too little stuff for the money you pay . And dolls ca n't play instruments , that toy should be sold for $ 5 ! it looks cool though . They would make better ornaments !
 god that toys sucks !!! I do n't now why I bought it looks cool but it sucks !! it 's impossible to make your dolls use the instrument arghh !! ANYWAY the point is that theres no point in buying this toy !!!
 My two year old received this -LRB- well the Beauty and the Beast version -RRB- tea cart for Christmas last year . By New Year 's , one of the wheels had fallen off , and could not be repaired . The saving aspect is that the tea cart top detaches for use as a tray , so we are able to get some use out of the toy even though the cart itself broke quickly .
 We just got the toy for Christmas . Over and over we have played just trying to get used to it , and as far as we can see . . it stinks!The toy tells you that you are doing it wrong , even though you are not . We have been unable to get it to register past four in a row without it telling us that we did n't follow the pattern correctly-though we did . It seems as though it is too overly sensitve . Sometimes we just hold it in our hands and it says ` game over ' just holding them!A true waste of time and money !
 i bought simon stix and it didnt even work i got new batterys and everything so i call hasbro and they sent me a new one and that didnt even work any better this toy is horrible they dont work and you are wasteing your money i would never recommened it , it is so BAD !!!!!
 I wish I was in the focus group for this one . It takes 6 AAA batteries , WTF . C'mon man , who uses AAAs let alone have 6 of them . Why not 4 AAs.Add to that , it 's rather difficult to get into the battery compartment , with it 's tiny screw and using a small Philip 's head stripped one of them.Well , it does make a nice chew you for our lil ' one and the dog.One more time - C'MON MAN ! Test these products with real citizens and not your company yes men/women .
 My 41/2 year old son received this toy for Christmas , when we put the batteries in , it kept freezing up and clicking off . It also made loud static noise which would scare him . I took it back to the store for an exchange and the new one had the same exact problems . It looked like it would be a very good educational toy , but we will never know because neither of them worked . We will be sending the second one back tomorrow .
 I bought this for my daughter and for my nephew-and I wish that I had waited to see how well it worked before I bought it as a gift . I just recently threw it away , after several attempts at battery changes , etc. . . and it still would not work correctly . I would advise buying the Leap Pad series-skip this altogether ! Even at a `` dirt cheap '' price , as one reviewer put it , you are still paying too much !
 My Son loved the voyager but couldnt play it long because the batteries wouldnt stay lined up and the toy would turn off . A Second voyager had the same problem . We wouldnt recommend this toy until the maker can fix the problem .
 My kids got this toy for christmas and it was broken it would n't even turn on . I got a new one , that one was better it turned on but it would turn off on its own when we were playing it . This happened time after time . It is going back to the store and we are getting more leap pad books .
 My kids ages 6 and 7 love the Leapfrog system , so I thought they would find this toy exciting and fun . It was really a disappointment . It is rather expensive and is not very durable . My kids played with it for a few minutes on Christmas day and have n't touched it again since . It was really hard for my 6 year old to figure out without my help . It is going back to the store . I recommend the Leapfrog system , my kids love it .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old daughter for her birthday . This vanity is extremely small -LRB- short -RRB- . My daughter can not just go to her vanity and look into it so make sure she looks like a princess she actully have to sit in the short stool and still bend down a little . She is not very satisfied with it and neither am I . If I could return it I would .
 My little one got this toy for Christmas , I purchased it at toys r us . When we put it together we found it came missing a leg , I have called the manufacturer for the leg 3 times and they simply arent standing by the product because I havent recieved the leg which makes it useless!I cant locate the receipt to bring it back to the store and get my money back , and they dont have any more to replace it . So we are stuck with a usless vanity.Thank you !
 We bought this as an extra train to go with our new Geotrax set for our two boys ... it is NOT a motorized train . It has lights and sounds ONLY , does not move on its own .
 The small transformers from the Robots in Disguise line has been an overall disappointment , and these two follow that trend.Transformation from robot to car is easy enough , but the over fun level is low . these robots are not nearly as ` cool ' as the original line of transformers and re-using original G1 names for these toys is insulting.The plastic makes these pieces fairly durable to survive any trip to the bathtub or backyard.If you see these on clearance then pick them up , but they certainly are n't much better than the cheap toys you find at the dollar store . My recommendation would be to buy the bigger transformers .
 Umm , let 's see , they look absolutely horrible in robot mode , their `` transformations '' -LRB- i.e. , pulling apart two big chunks of plastic by half an inch -RRB- are so idiotically simplistic that they suck all the fun out of transforming , the legs do n't move at all - oh wait , I forgot , they do n't even HAVE legs , they just have a big block of plastic below their torsos that is somehow supposed to look like a pair of legs . ...
 I bought the game as a Christmas gift , but it did n't work . There was some kind of electronic problem with the display screen . It would display these weird characters instead of words . I exchanged the game for another one and it had the same problem . I returned the game and got my money back . What a piece of junk .
 Im 13 and just got this game . total waste of money . Sure , there are lots of questions and the use of the remote makes it a little more interesting . Other than that , its an annoying piece of scrap metal . It asks a question and the person holding the main peice records if its right or wrong . The person who gets the most points at the end wins . Nothing but answering questions . If you ask me , i would recomend a much more fun Monopoly or The Game Of Life becuase this game is just plain Boring .
 Santa brought this for Christmas , possibly a good concept except our machine did n't work right , not all the words or letter showed on the screen . It 's very hard to hear what the machine is telling you to do and it kept repeating questions . This is being returned today .
 This game sounded intriguing to me . It 's an electronic trivia game where 6 contestants hold small remote controls which signal the main hand-held unit when a button is pressed . The biggest problem is the questions -LRB- which appear on the main unit -RRB- are far too easy . This is supposed to be for adults , but the questions are more appropriate for children . My second complaint is that the main hand-held unit must be passed around and manipulated by contestants who are already holding and manipulating remote controls . Great idea - poor execution . `` Cranium '' is a much better electronics trivia type game .
 This game has the potential of being great but at this time it lacks a few features that could make it much better . First off , when someone clicks their remote to buzz in , if they get the answer incorrect , the question is over and it goes to the next question . There is no ramification for getting the answer wrong so someone could just buzz in first every time and not get any points taken away from them , nor do the other players get a shot at the answer . I think that other players should be able to guess after someone has answered incorrectly and a point should be automatically deducted for a wrong answer to discourage people from buzzing in when they do not know the answer . Also , the music and the voice instruction seem to be of a quality from electronic games years ago . I think I was expecting a little more from this game than I received .
 Ordered 13 sets of -LRB- 12 -RRB- as advertised ... received 13 individual pens . The advertisment said on sale for $ 5.46 -LRB- originally $ 34.99 84 % off -RRB- How could they be $ 34.99 each for a paint stick .
 Loses it 's `` luster '' quickly . Too easy for me and my 13 year old . Found all the objects the first day we played with it . Maybe it would be more fun for younger kids , giving them more of a challenge .
 Another reviewer here said , `` Unfortunately the company used paper stickers instead of the waterproof ones , so if your little ones want to put water or cookies into play , expect damage to the stickers . '' I wish I had seen this comment before buying this product . Yes , the tea set is pretty to look at , for a while , and fun to play with for my 3-year-old . She completely loved it , until she saw the princess stickers disappear . Surely , my daughter can not be the only child who wants to use water for this kind of play , pretending it is tea or coffee ? Also , the first thing I do upon purchasing a toy for my child is -- to wash it ! It makes no sense whatsoever to use stickers on a product such as this . After the stickers start to peel off , the tea set looks unattractive and cheap .
 I feel totally ripped off by these people . I ordered this tea set , but when I opened up the box , what I got was actually a different Princess tea set -LRB- the pink one with Princess Aurora on it -RRB- . Not only was it NOT the set I ordered for my daughters birthday , but I was charged for this one -LRB- $ 35.99 -RRB- and the one I have has a price tag hanging on it with a retail price of $ 14.50 -LRB- 2 and 1/2 times the retail price !! -RRB- . I could have bought the one I received for $ 14.50 at Walmart and not paid for shipping . Shame on BLACK SHEEP DEALS .
 I bought this for my 4-year-old daughter and immediately regretted it when I heard how awful it sounded . The sound quality is absolutely horrible ; you can hardly hear the lyrics over the static . On top of that , there is no volume control and the volume is set way too loud ...
 This toy , cute though it might look , was clearly designed by a deaf engineer who has nothing but a deep-rooted disdain for parents . Without a doubt , it is the loudest toy I have ever seen . The lack of a volume control is bewildering . I would much rather they save money by doing away with the Play/Demo switch and install a volume control instead.All is not lost , however . This was n't the first toy that was gifted to us -LRB- curse you , evil mother-in-law ! -RRB- and I have gotten quite adept at installing a small volume control . You can get them at your local Radio Shack . Well worth the time it takes to learn how to do it . I 've `` fixed '' several toys this way.All in all , I can not recommend this toy .
 Daughter was impressed with this when she opened it at her 3rd birthday party ... for about 10 minutes . She has n't touched it since .
 This guitar is very fun for my son , but it is very , very loud ! He loves it , but I do n't . I really think that it is dangerously loud and I would n't purchase it again .
 It is hard for me to imagine that the other reviews for this item are for the same product . I ordered this guitar for my niece and it 's awful . The guitar and box looked beaten up when they arrived . The weight of the guitar feels cheap and the sound is horrific ; zero musicality in the extraordinarily loud `` power chords '' it plays and the strings do n't even faintly resemble a musical instrument . Just crummy fishing line strung to give the illusion of guitar strings without even the ability to attempt to tune them . I have two boys who love a lot of noise and even they covered their ears and asked me to take the batteries out . Needless to say , I wo n't be giving this to my niece .
 This product was so cheap looking and it only took the cd 's that were included . TERRIABLE , I RETURNED IT !
 My 3 year old daughter loved this toy even though it was the sound quality was not good . It only lasted us about 6 months before it stopped working completely . I do not recommend this product .
 THIS IS A VERY POOR EXAMPLE OF THE QUALITY ONE EXPECTS FROM A DISNEY PRODUCT . THE MIC AND SPEAKER IS VERY SCRATCHY AND NOT UNDERSTANDABLE . THE DISCS INCLUDED WERE FAULTY AND THE MUSIC THAT DID PLAY WAS VERY REPETITIVE AND NOT EASY TO SING ALONG WITH.THE PRICE -LRB- OVER $ 60 -RRB- WAS VERY HIGH CONSIDERING THE POOR QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT . I PURCHASED A SIMILAR MACHINE AT BEST BUY FOR $ 39 -- AND IT WORKS PERFECTLY.FORTUNATELY I WAS ABLE TO RETURN THIS TO THE SELLER FOR A FULL REFUND .
 My daughter recieved this from my husband and I for Christmas . It looked great in the box . We knew it would only play the plastic CDs that came with it , and were n't expecting much . However , as soon as I got the thing out of the package , I was highly irritated . The `` CDs '' do n't work . The `` machine '' wont recognize which CD is in , or does n't think there 's one in it at all and tells me over and over to `` choose a disk . '' If it finally does recognize that there 's a disk in it , it plays all Cinderella all the time . I have to tweak it by pushing the buttons inside to get it to play something else . After all that , the microphone started cutting out . Even after taping down the button for my almost 3 year old who I thought was having a hard time holding it down , it still did n't work . I even tried to use it , and nothing . Ridiculous product . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 My twin daughters love to sing karaoke , so they received this `` toy '' as a christmas gift . After the first day of use the music started to sound gurgly and the microphone quit working . My girls still enjoyed changing the discs and pretending until the disc cover jammed and became very difficult to open and close . I now use it as decoration with their other Disney collections .
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas . She loves the Disney princesses . The day she received it , she played with nothing else and did n't even talk to anyone or want to eat . She just wanted to play and sing along . The next day , the microphone plug broke . Surprise ! No more karaoke ! The quality is very poor and there are n't many song options . She really did n't care about that because she just wanted to sing along . Now the toy sits on the bottom of the toy box and I have used the batteries for other toys . What a big let down . Do n't waste your money .
 this is not a very nice toy its disks arent real ariel and belles voices have a little bit of attitudes all in all the pits !
 The picture is misleading , this has little plastic disks resembling CDs but does not play CDs . The whole thing is a LOT smaller than it looks in the picture , and the sound is terrible .
 The picture is very misleading . Now I know why there was n't a more thorough description . It only plays the little plastic cd 's that come with it , and each cd only has 1-2 songs each . The sound quality is n't very good , either . My 3 year old plays with it -LRB- she is a princess fanatic -RRB- , but she is disappointed that there are n't any more songs than those available .
 My 4-year-old daughter received this for her birthday . Although she likes it -LRB- she likes anything pink and princessy -RRB- , she gets bored and frustrated with it . The door and `` discs '' are difficult to work . The sound quality is awful . You have to position your mouth right next to the microphone for it to pick up your voice . It is very limited because it only plays the 3 discs that come with it . After the first week or so , she hardly ever plays with it . There must be a better alternative . Save your money .
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's 4th birthday . It was her favorite toy . Two days later the microphone plug broke . Then the toy quite playing the fake cds . Now when she turns it on it lights up but no sound comes out . I changed the batteries and it still does n't work . Instead of buying this toy I would recommend a real cd player and Disney cds .
 This toy did not work from day one . Every time you push the button to sing , the music goes off . The sound quality is so poor you can barely hear the lyrics over the staticky music . Save your money
 My daughter recieved this toy for Christmas . It was cute until she opened it . The sound quality is terrible . There is static and the sound fades in and out . There is nothing good about this boom box . If your child likes to sing along this product would be the most disappointing . Do n't buy this product . Maybe this product was just a defect from the beginning . I do n't know but I know I would never recommend this to anyone .
 My daughter LOVES the Disney Princesses , so this toy was selected as a Christmas gift . When we received it , the batteries were nearly dead , so we took it out to replace them with fresh ones before Xmas morning . Glad we did , because we were able to see the toy more closely and test it out . This toy is a flimsy piece of junk . Yes , sound quality is poor , but that 's no surprise . What 's worse is that for -LSB- money -RSB- , you get cheap plastic pieces and easily breakable mechanics . There is no way this toy would have lasted more than a day in our house , even though my daughter is fairly cautious .
 My husband and I bought this for our 3 year old for Christmas 2004 . She loved it when she first got it and could n't wait to play with it . For less than a month , the microphone worked . She still tries to play with it , but is always disappointed when she ca n't get the microphone to work.The discs that come with this item , are cheap and there is n't much to them . I 'd have given the educational value of this item ZERO stars , had it been an option .
 i got 2 of these ... but both of these was broken the mic did not work ... this was a awful xmas gift .
 My daughter received this as a birthday gift . She loves to sing on my Karaoke machine so we thought this would be perfect ... wrong . The sound is so low that if you sing you can barely here the music . Also when you push the microphone button , most of the time the music just stops for no reason . It 's also hard for little hands to change the discs ... We used for a day or 2 and then gave up .
 Our two girls also love all things Disney princess , but this toy is a major disappointment . The quality is far below what we expect from the Disney brand -- the discs are very difficult to use ; each disc has only a portion of one song ; the sound on the microphone is awful and has lots of feedback ; the door on the player is hard to open and close ; the wires on the microphone are very fragile . Worst of all , the voices on the discs are not the original characters -LRB- they have noticeable Asian accents -RRB- -- it took my daughter who 's all of 4 about 13 seconds to say `` That 's not Ariel ! '' Very disappointing . I can tell this toy will not survive a month and the girls are careful . Find another princess toy .
 My daugter wanted it for christmas , she used it like 5 times and it got damage . We had to go to the store and change it . The quality is very bad
 My daughter received this as a birthday present from a classmate . The music goes off as soon as the mic is turned on and the microphone blares with interference . What is the point of a Karaoke machine that turns off the music when you try to turn the mic on ? This is definitely the worst toy to spend that much money on . I will see if the vendor will take the toy back and we 'll get something else . It looks cute and appealing but offers nothing else . The sound quality is bad and the songs are very short .
 i gave this to my daughter for her 3rd birthday on sunday and by thursday the thing had broke already . the microphone cuts in and out and the discs are very difficult to get them to stay in place . very loud toy . not a good purchase . very disappointed from disney princesses .
 This is the WORST disney toy I have ever seen ! My 3year Old daughter tried very hard to play with this joke of a toy . The disks are fake , it has no real working buttons , exect volume . Which , if you turn up the singing volume , you cant hear the music , and vice-versa . The mic is VERY hard to use for little ones , and turns off the music for no reason . Also , the songs are just shorts of the real music and my daughter was VERY upset . DO NOT buy this toy !!!
 The microphone stopped working shortly after purchase . The product is not durable . Suppose to be karaoke , but not if microphone does not last . Daughter whose 4yrs old bored with it soon after microphone broke . For the money it is just not worth it . Recommend Little tykes sing along cassette recorder . Cheaper and more durable . For the price the cord to the microphone broke too easily . My daughter is not rough on toys at all .
 My husband and I bought this for his daughter for Christmas and was very disappointed . The microphone gives back a lot of interference , no matter how far away you are from the machine . There is not much to the songs and the words for them stop after a couple seconds . Which is not karaoke . The `` radio '' version of it is very repetitive . My stepdaughter got over it very fast . The only good thing about it is that it has n't broke yet , but it has been on her shelf for a while !
 I was very excited about buying this phone for my daughter after seeing it on the internet . That was , until I saw it in the store . There were about 5 in stock and not one of them was in full working condition . Most of them had not enough power to play any sounds , while others had parts broken off of it . Do n't waste your money on this product . You will surely be disappointed .
 I bought this and used it for a week . Mine took a long time to heat up even after tinning the tip it seemed to be a long time before I could solder a decent joint . I tried to desolder a few components on a 360 controller and it took forever but with the radio shack 35 watt Iron it seemed to take no time and it was clean . The iron itself seemed to lack enough power to do the most basic small jobs . LED Soldering , Wire tinning , Adding and removing a component . It really is sad because I had high hopes for the unit but Returning it and getting something better.Pro
 Do not buy this soldering iron . Everything about this iron is cheap . It heats up slow , and never really gets to an appropriate temperature . I have a similar looking iron by Solomon that I think is much much much better , and it 's only $ 15 more.Junk .
 One of the pop-ups gets stuck every once in awhile . You have to tweak it so it does n't do that . Otherwise an ok product . My 9 month old got bored after 5 minutes .
 I remember playing with these toys as a child and thought it would be fun for my daughter as well . The reason I gave it a low rating is that it does not make any sounds . I almost thought it was broken and was looking for a battery area when I realized there is no sounds and all the toy does is pop up quietly . I remember the Sesame Street version and each character said a little saying when it popped up and this toy does not do that .
 there are a few things that were recommended in a well known child development book we 're reading . they all have what he calls excellent `` play value '' . that means your child is engaged and will return again and again to the toy.this poppin ' pals box is actually mentioned by name . however the author goes on to say the levers and buttons must be hair trigger and easy to operate . at the time of the books writing maybe this was true but our popin ' pals box was difficult to operate.all of the triggers require quite a bit of effort from a small child . we have a girl who is not particularly rough . she tries to move them but has limited success . it 's not bolted to the floor so when you apply force the thing moves away . it 's hard for a kid to hold it down with one hand and push hard with the other.also one trigger -LRB- the one that turns -RRB- has to be just right or the pop up never goes back down.my advice would be to have your child try one at the store and see if they are engaged and can operate it . if they ca n't be assured it will spend its days in the heap of other `` low play value '' toys.perhaps at one time these were made with hair triggers . maybe there was a design change for cost , or quality control is low.ahhh ! i just re-read the book . they actually say the current playskool toy has this issue and recommend another brand . oops.one more thing . playskool 's rec . ages are 12-36 months . from what i read this is more like 8-14 months . the author talks about how manufacturers routinely overestimate the age ranges . big surprise , right ?
 Our kid likes to play with this , so on the toy front it is great for enjoyment . The issue comes when you look at what it is made from and Playskool 's policy on chemical inclusions on products -LRB- aka if it is n't illegal/banned it is fine and we 'll include it -RRB- They wo n't say it does n't include BPA/phthalates/etc . and imply it likely does . We returned this based on this as we try and keep the little guys exposure to a minimum .
 This toy is like one I had as a child which is what made me buy it to begin with . I like toys like this but this particular model is defective . The key that you have to turn to make the middle animal pop up is messed up on these . You ca n't close the lid again until you fiddle with the key and get it in the exact right position . It is tricky and little kids ca n't get the hang of it . This really upsets my daughter so I through this away . It was n't just mine either . I have seen others that do it and read about it on other reviews .
 $ 28.99 The week before XMas ?!!! Crazy ! I found it for $ 13 -LRB- and not even in sale -RRB- at my local Target.I will update my review on the toy itself after XMas and when my son will have gotten some time to play with it .
 This toy appeared as though it would be perfect , but turned out pretty disappointing . Our daughter has no trouble with other age appropriate toys , but this one has proven too difficult . The different buttons are a bit too hard to manipulate . Wait until your child is older before purchasing .
 This was a disappointing purchase . It really is n't all that interesting after the first couple of minutes . My child did n't seem very interested after our initial play session with it . If I had it to do over , I would pass on this .
 I bought this toy for my baby boy . I remember my cousins had it when they where kids in the seventies . After shipping charges I ended paying almost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for it . To my surprise the toy does n't resemble the picture as much as one would think . It is made of what seems to be PVC -LRB- hard and brittle -RRB- plastic instead of something a bit softer like most baby toys . The thing comes in an awful tint of yellow that is not quite as bright as it should and has a slight blueish hue that makes it look dirty . Some of the knobs are very hard for little kids to catch on quickly -LRB- my kid bypasses those altogether , although I figure he will eventually catch on -RRB- . There is one that resembles a key and you turn it to make the character pop . The main problem with that one is that you have to mess with the key in order to close the lid with the character again . The craftsmanship is atrocious and I feel ripped-off . I contacted the seller but I do not feel that it is their fault . They only sell the thing they do n't make it . After hearing my complaint about the color the seller told me that it also comes in purple . Purple ? Ca n't they think of an even uglier color for the darn thing ? All I wanted was the toy in the photograph in proper working order . You figure that is what you would be paying for . Needles to say , I will not be purchasing any more PLayskool products . Other baby toy companies have a manufacturing standard that is far beyond Playskool 's wildest dreams . Hasbro should be ashamed of having their name related to such poor quality products . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Better go with the tried and true products such as Fisher Price or Chicco .
 This is the type of `` cause and effect '' toy often recommended for babies around 6 mos . The problem is that the buttons , knobs , etc. require FAR more strength than a baby this age can manage which is extremely frustrating for the baby . In addition , one of the levers on my daughter 's toy does not `` catch '' and the door will not close unless you fiddle with it . Since her only enjoyment is closing the doors -LRB- once I 've opened them -RRB- having one door NOT close after repeated tries is also confusing and discouraging . I 'm sorry I bought this .
 We bought this for our son 's 1st Birthday . He 's quite the energetic guy so this really did little for him . At first he was curious how it worked and then lost all interest quickly after . Not a big loss though as it was cheap .
 This toy was given to my 10-month old . He is now 19 months and still can not make three of the animals pop up -LRB- giraffe , lion , and monkey -RRB- . I can do it myself , but it 's difficult and hurts my fingers . The toy is frustrating for him . Maybe some of these toys are stiffer than others , but I wanted to share our experience .
 I 'm so bummed . I was hoping this toy would be good for fine motor skill development but the knobs are somewhat tough to work with and not very obvious in which way it should be pushed ! Terrible and very cheaply made toy for the price ! I wish I can return this with free returns but there is n't that choice with this order !!
 My daughter LOVES this toy . However the buttons are so diffcult to move that it frustrates her . I dont know of any baby strong enough to push the buttons . It needs to be easier for a baby to use . My daughter is constantly asking me to `` help '' her push the buttons and wants to be able to push them herself .
 It seems that someone is going around and down-voting all of the negative reviews of this product , no matter how clearly written or factual . If you read through them , though , you will see the same opinions expressed again and again : First , the Amazon price is way too high . You can find this toy in most big box retailers for around $ 12-15 . Second , the buttons are very stiff and hard for young toddlers to use.This was our experience too . Our baby liked seeing the animals pop up , and she figured out how each lever or knob or button was supposed to work ; she just was n't strong enough to make it happen . You really have to have some strong fingers to use this toy.Since doing the right thing does n't work , the educational value is nil . Baby can only play with it if we help her push the buttons , which defeats the whole point of exploring and playing .
 Please stop using this toy immediately and call 1800-752-9755 or visit visit the hasbro.com website customer service/recall/playskool busy poppin pals .
 It 's $ 18 at Babies R Us , why is it double the cost ? I really need to start price comparing more
 I just thought I would alert anyone possibly interested in this toy to double check that this has n't been recalled ! I believe this one and the Sesame Street themed one have been recalled .
 basic toy that has been around since probably my mother was small . last for maybe a few months till their sick of it and it ends up in the toy pile .
 Due to some posts about this toy being recalled I did some research . If you go to the toy manufactures website under the recall information it states that model # 6205 -LRB- which the model # for this toy is 6205 -RRB- has different springs and is not part of the recall . I do not own this toy yet but am still considering buying it now that I have allayed my fears .
 Just not at all like the picture . We can not even use it , had to throw it away . Very disappointing .
 I just got back from purchasing this same item for half the price at Toys R Us . LOTS of Littlest Pet Shop items are WAY overpriced here
 This product is one of the worst games I have ever played . It was difficult to hook up to the TV because you have to have it run through your dvd player . The back of my dvd player is not all that easy to reach . The song choices are very few and it only had a portion of the songs to sing . It was not even a complete song . After playing it with my 9 year old daughter we packed it up and shipped it back . Do n't waste your $ . Even if you are a big Idol fan like my family , you will be very disappointed .
 This product is a total waste of money . The songs are abbeviated versions of the American Idol performances , not the complete songs themselves . As a result , they 're impossible to sing to , and cut off before they reach the end . My daughter is a huge American Idol fan , and loves to sing ... and she absolutely hates this toy . Avoid it at all costs .
 Save your money . This product is horrible . My kids used it once and it 's been in the closet since . It 's not even as good as our karoke machine .
 I purchased this product last Christmas for my daughter and within hours it 's fun was exhausted because of the limited songs and things that you can do with it.I sent it back immediately and this year I purchased a regular karaoke machine for birthday last Sept it was a far better choice . My kids are 7 and 10 and both love to use the karaoke machine and even I like to get on it once in a while .
 This thing is a HUGE piece of JUNK ! It only plays part of the songs and they start in the middle of the song ... so you have absolutely no idea what is going on ! NOT GOOD FOR KIDS AT ALL ! i will be returning it !
 I bought this item as I could n't find any reviews on it , so I assumed that no reviews was good reviews . I was wrong ... So let me be the first here on Amazon . This is a pretty toy , but not much else . Also , it is way over priced . I thought since it said here , `` Sound activated flying action featuring Tinker Bell '' and that it also says right on the box , `` Tinker Bell Flies '' , that the Fairy would FLY . I guess I was expecting it to be like the Sky Dancers that do actually fly up into the air , but basically it just wiggles on a stick . You 'll need a Phillips screwdriver just to remove the playset from the cardboard box . I guess they want to make sure that you do n't steal it ... Then after inserting 3 AA batteries -LRB- that do n't come with it -RRB- , you have to turn the mushroom to open the flower . Then you have to attach -LRB- not very easily -RRB- Tinker Bell by twisting and snapping her legs -LRB- it warns that the plastic pistol is fragile -RRB- into the plastic pistol -LRB- plastic stick in the middle of the flower -RRB- . Now that Tinker Bell 's flower is fully open and she is snapped in you can then clap and the plastic stick that you snapped her feet onto will raise up -LRB- sound activated -RRB- and then shake . That 's it ! It does n't take flight ... it just wiggles on the stick . My daughter walked away ... :--LRB- The box says that Tinker Bell will FLY -LRB- in all caps -RRB- all over the box . This is very misleading ...
 Instead of repeating the basic functions of the product and why it 's so disappointing I will just `` second the motion '' and then add a few negative comments of my own . If you were to just shrink down the size of this toy to fit in a happy meal box that 's about all the money and excitement I think it 's worth . I 'm not usually that critical of toys but this is about a tie for the worst investment of a toy I 've made . On the box I thought it said it will FLY but upon closer review it says it will `` FLY '' , which means she raises up on the stick and shakes and then goes back down . Do n't pay more than $ 5 instead of the $ 25 I paid that I 'm going to try to get back .
 I bought all of the sets on a big sale on Amazon . 3 broke within a few days -LRB- including this one -RRB- . This was the most unattractive of the sets - a giant lump with big ugly flowers and obvious plastic . As another reviewer stated , the ` flying ' is just a wiggling fairy on two leg clamps - not very interesting and there is n't much else to do with the set . I BIG waste of money and a regret even at the 70 % discount . Thrown out after it brook the first week .
 I purchased this DVD game for $ 24.99 and was very excited to play it . The game was pretty fun , however , after you play it 3 times you can just throw it in the trash ! There are only 3 games on the whole entire disk , so once you 've played them you know all the answers . Each game takes about 30 min. , so you could easily play them all in one night . I was terribly dissappointed that the questions did n't change each time you play , it really makes the game useless for future playing . This game should cost about $ 5 or less for what you get !!
 Do n't even bother wasting your money on this so called game . Do yourself a favour and spend a couple dollars more and get Scene It . Not only are most of the questions on this game moronically simple but once you 've gone through them during the three games , they NEVER change . If this thing cost under $ 5 then I might suggest it , especially if you were just renting it and then did n't have to make room for it on the yard sale table to get rid of it once you 've played it . But if you were stupid enough , like us , to pay $ 30 cdn on it then you will be thoroughly mad at yourself for doing so . So , please , take my advice and save your money .
 The game , while fun , is so overshadowed by its inability to be replayed as to be totally overpriced . Five bucks would be a fair price for this one shot game . Spend a little more and get Scene It ! If you do n't want to use a board , do like we do , put the DVD in and keep hitting All Play . It 's every bit as fun as Shout About Movies and its a better value .
 The game really is clever , convenient and a lot of fun . However , there are only three identical games on the DVD . So , once you play them , it 's over . you know the answers and ca n't play them again . when you pay close to $ 20 -LRB- and in some cases , plus shipping -RRB- it most definately is NOT worth the buy . it 's good for an hour and a half of great fun . and it 's over . I consider it a waste of money . We bought two editions , but decided not to open the second one and wilil just return it . I ca n't believe a company would even make a game that has that short of a life span . And , charge that much money . The concept is great . There is no game board , scoreing is within and it 's extremely convenient . The games were great fun . just not enough on one dvd , for that money . We were highly disappointed .
 This bank does not recognize the existence of the dime . All dimes are recorded as being pennies . Which pretty much totally defeats the purpose of the bank . Worthless product .
 pretty small about the size of a medium sandwich spread jar . the slot that the coins go threw is ok but the spring loaded sensor make it hard to just drop and count . instead you have to push it in and it count according to the coin size . but since the spring is pretty strong if you do n't push the coin all the way in and it pops out it will be mistaken as a dime or nickle . hence the count is off .
 I bought this for my 7 year old son for Christmas . Since he has been learning about money , I thought it would be fun for him . It has only been frustrating . It repeatedly counts dimes as pennies , causing us to reset the bank and try again . Just to find it continues to count the money inaccurately . Not a good learning tool , if it does n't count the money accurately ! My son loves playing with the bank , so I will return it and purchase a more trustworthy bank !
 Had I known the faults of this product , I would n't have purchased it . I saw this product on sale in an ad and rushed out with the purpose of buying one for every grandkid because it looked fun . Only one was left which I 'm extremely thankful for now!You really have to force coins into the slot due to a really strong spring inside . This causes coins to pop back out yet they 've been counted . It also has a hard time telling pennies and dimes . Five dimes can go in and only be counted as $ 0.05 . We were unable to find an on/off button . We theorized that maybe it turns off automatically like some calculators do . The end result , it stays on 24/7 . I have no idea how long the batteries would last.It 's cute to look at but I imagine kids might find it frustrating when the counter does n't add up right . I would suggest looking for another bank and skip this one .
 Do not buy this item because it can not count the coins correctly.It counts by seeing how much a small level is moved by the coins . If you push carefully from your right hand side then it can count properly . However , this requires mature hand coordination which is beyond a six year old child . My six year old just push it from the top or from the left sometimes and it just simply count the total wrongly.The purpose of buy this jar is not for you the adult . It is for the children and it just can not count properly when the children is inserting the coin.There is no reason to buy a counting jar when you can not trust the total that it counts .
 I purchased 2 money jars for my daughters earlier this year . I thought it was an awesome idea , until the counter quit within a couple weeks . I then had replacements sent , and one of them was defective on delivery . I wish they had worked as it really is awesome and exciting for the kids . It encourages them to save more . Unfortunately , they are no more useful than a $ 1 piggy bank .
 Great idea ... poor design ! We gave this bank to my son for his birthday and it stopped working within one hour . He was very excited and then very sad !
 This bank looks nice on the surface . However , if you actually want it to work , pick another bank . There are several faults with the function of this bank . We bought two and they both do the same things . It is clearly a design deficiency . They often count pennies as dimes and vice versa . They also will count incorrectly if the coin is not pushed straight into the slot . You can start to push it and if it pops back up , it will count something . It does not recognize any coin greater than a quarter . Overall it is a novelty item at best . If your child tells you he put 5 dollars in the bank and the bank says there is 4.50 , I would trust your child .
 I was thrilled to get this bank for use of the `` coffee fund '' at my work . But I was rather disappointed to find that there is NO way to adjust the amount of money listed in the jar if you remove the money . You have to reset it and drop all the remaining change back into the jug to re-total it . Not very convenient when you 're regularly taking out money to purchase things .
 The electronic counter stopped working after two days and I 'm left with a junk plastic jar . Even if it did work , the jar is too small to save up much change . Big disappointment .
 You have to push very hard to insert the coins . My son is 6 years old and has alot of trouble with it . While struggling to get the coins in , the meter will miscount that particular coin . For example
 I got this jar and it worked good all the way up until I got past $ 10.00 . Then when I put in pennies it showed them as dimes and it stopped counting dimes . I strongly reccommend that you do not waste your money on this . Just go to the bank and have them count it .
 I bought this as a gift . It miscalculated on the second coin , adding $ 0.30 when a quarter was added , and continued making mistakes .
 My 7 year old son got this for Christmas and was excited to transfer all his change to this jar . I thought it was neat that he could add the money in his head and then check the display to make sure he was right . Well , he put his first quarter in and it displayed $ 0.30 . Hmmm , that 's not right ! He dumped that out and decided to start over . The next four coins he dropped in , were calculated right , but then he dropped a dime in and it added $ 0.11 to his total . If you 're looking to spend $ 18 dollars -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for a plastic jar worth $ 1.00 , then this is for you . However , this is not what I expected . I was very disappointed and so was my son !
 Very unreliable , makes too many counting errors.Sometimes coins , mostly quarters , can get stuck .
 I was looking for a non-breakable piggy bank for my two preschool-aged children so I ordered these . I was a little concerned by previous reviews about the adding innacuracies but ordered anyway ... then ended up returning them almost immediately . The bank misread the very first coin , then after I reset it , it kept misreading within the first few coins we put in . It seemed like if there was ANY sort of hesitation or movement once you put the coin over the slot , it would misread it - and of course three and a half year olds are n't known for having steady hands so I do n't think this bank is well suited for kids . On a positive note , DB Roth handled my return promptly .
 We bought this toy for Hanukkah and it worked for less than a day . Contacted Summit customer service to request a replacement and so far have not gotten any resolution . Definitely do not waste your money on this hunk of junk !
 Do n't waste your money - but more importantly your time that it takes to return . this product is garbage . do n't buy this .
 I just wanted to be able to count the loose change we had . It regularly does not register dimes or nickels . Total waste of 12 bucks . Try a dept store version . Dont buy this .
 Despite many bigger , more expensive presents on Christmas Day , this was the one my 4 yr old was most excited about - he 's obsessed with coins and counting money.First off , to actually insert a coin into the slot you have to press down really hard , not easy for me and so very difficult for a child.Secondly , the thing just does n't work . Within 4 coins it misread the value of a dime , adding on 15 cents and then continued to do this ever after . To top it all , when the total got to $ 6.01 the readout stopped there and refused to budge and is no doubt still showing that as it languishes at the bottom of the dumpster.Save yourself some money and the crestfallen face of your child and avoid this piece of crap like the plague .
 I purchased this item for my 5 year old daughter who loves Barbie . It is a simple game , but maybe a little too simple . She got bored with it really fast . She played it once and never again . The board was very flimsy and not made well .
 Somewhat difficult for a small -LRB- 21/2 yrs -RRB- little girl to manipulate . Found both fabric and construction to be below my expectations . I would never purchase this again for another child .
 This carrier is cute , but Baby Stella BARELY fits in the straps , and wo n't fit if she has her winter clothes on . The bag itself is small and would n't fit the stuff we hoped to pack for her , like the changing set and feeding set . Overall I would not recommend this product - get a bigger backpack at any store , and let Baby Stella ride in the front pocket or peek out the top !
 I got this for my 18 month old daughter for Christmas . When it arrived , I could not believe how cheap it looked . We put her Baby Stella in it and put it on her back . While my daughter ran along , Baby Stella flew out of the carrier.The velcro is not secure , the carrier is very tight and does not give the doll wiggle room , the doll just bursts out upon any normal toddler movement . The straps that go around the back also dug into my daughters arms . They do not look comfortable.We returned it !
 My four-year-old is average according to her doctor , but not according to this toy . It is supposed to be for a 3-12 year old , but she could barely squeeze into it . She also could n't fit her play phone and spare outfit and play bottle for the baby in the backpack . It is too little for the stuff she wants to pack . Any 12yearold who could wear this would have a serious growth disorder . I liked the colors and the idea , it is just too , TOO little .
 This product is very small . I expected it to be larger , given the age range . It also seems very cheaply made . I would n't recommend it !
 The item they sent me is completely different than what 's pictured . There is no cute head popping up , it 's just a round tube with a picture of a butterfly . It 's not even the same size -LRB- it 's actually bigger than the dimensions listed here -RRB- . I wo n't be returning it because it was so cheap , but this is completely false advertising .
 I do n't know anything about bratz , but if you 're looking for another figure skating doll collectable - SKIP this one and buy the larger version . Why ? She has NO skates ! You ca n't have a figure skating doll without SKATES !
 I was appalled at the fact that this contains horoscopes on it . I can not believe that they would promote such a thing on a kids toy .
 My son wrote the first review right after we got the V-drop . He loved playing with it for 1 day but then the device that brings the car up to the top stopped working . I could n't believe it . He suggested that we bring it back to the store so we could get something else . So that 's what we did , but I said no more hot wheels stuff for awhile . This was one of many Hot Wheels birthday presents .
 I have a six-year-old and a nine-year-old ; my youngest got this as a gift . It is easy to assemble and worked fine , but like most Hot Wheels toys , although the box and the ads look like it is an amazing , fun experience , once you drop a few cars down the track you it starts to dawn on you ... is that it ? They played with it for about five minutes and then moved on to other things .
 Do NOT buy this product at any price . It is poorly designed with flimsy track and connectors . Not enough track is provided in the box.If you want to create the same effect , simply push your favorite Hot Wheel car off of a 7 foot shelf .
 The globe itself is fine . The stand is so flimsy it arrived already broken . -LRB- I did n't damage it while removing it form the box ; before I opened the box , I could see the globe lying at the bottom with the stand broken off through the side of the box . -RRB- I also wish it showed a physical scale rather than just noting that the scale is 1:32,000,000 .
 First off , I knew the globe was small , but it was still smaller than I expected . Just keep in mind that this is not close to a full size globe.I read the other reviews on these style globes stating that the stand was poor quality and breaks easily , but I figured it did n't matter since the globe would just sit on my desk that would n't be an issue.I even read one review that said the stand was broken when the product arrived , but I figured this was just bad luck.unfortunately mine came broken also , and while the globe itself is nice it 's useless with a broken stand . The arm of the stand is just too flimsy . I will be returning this , taking similar style globes off my wishlist , and finding something else . I would recommend against this product .
 this puzzle is so hard we could not even get the border finished let alone start the rest of the puzzle . Multiple pieces would fit into multiple places and you could not figure out which piece was really in the right place
 Yea so I bought this a while back and I was really disappointed . I 've been a huge fan of the games and I collect action figures and 1:18 scale cars from TV and movies . But I do n't have a room full of this stuff you know . I just collect what I like . And I saw this and was really excited . When I took 47 out of the box to display on my desk I realized that instead of making two arms for the figure , the just put two LEFT arms on . The arm on his right side is just the left arm upside down . -LRB- his elbow bends in toward his chest not out away from his body . -RRB- For $ 45 I expected to get more from this figure .
 Until now I could easily have gone on record as saying that there was a good possibility Rio Grande Games did n't have a bad title in their entire catalog . The company actually built a reputation for itself not by writing great games on their own but rather by traveling the globe and seeking out only the best board games with which to translate into English -LRB- if necessary -RRB- to be distributed to a North American audience . On the whole , the formula proved very successful as realized through a catalog consisting of games like Carcassonne , Lost Cities , Power Grid , and Puerto Rico . After having enjoyed an incredible run with the brand , I naturally became laxed on researching their products before purchasing . Now factor into the mix my natural appreciation of fantasy themed games and purchasing Dragonriders was all but a given . I am here to tell you that I should have done more research!Written by Klaus-Jurgen Wrede & Jean du Poel with artwork by Andreas Adamek , Rio Grande pulled this title from a company called Amigo rather than their usual pool of Kosmos or Winning Moves . I have no prior experience with Amigo 's other games but if Dragonriders represents the epitome of what they 've produced , I 've gotten as close as I would ever want to!I suppose in all fairness I should begin with the positive
 It does fit TRACK but TUNNEL IS TO SMALL FOR MOST TRAINS . None of the chuggington trains fit through the tunnel . DO N'T BUY !
 way too small . none of our trains will fit through the tunnel and what good is a tunnel that no trainbs will fit through ?? very disappointed
 My 6-year-old son wants a F117 , and the picture on the Testors-F-117 looks good , plus one of the review says the size is good . I decided to buy it.But it turned out to be a big mistake.Firstly it does n't come in one piece . You have to assembly it and there is n't glue/cement in the package ! To make things even worse , the pieces are poorly designed and they hardly go together . I have assembled many complex toys for my son before , like aircraft carrier , motorcycle , etc from Michael 's . They all consists of lots of small pieces and I can successfully combine them together . But for this Testor I have to give up.So my suggestion is unless you did Testors before do n't waste your money and time on this .
 I normally do n't review products but I just had to throw in my two cents here . We bought this for my 3 year old -LRB- he is on the upper end of the age recommendation -RRB- . It is just about impossible to explain to a three year old that you need to look straight ahead in the tiny opening to see the bottom of the tub . We have also tried it ourselves and it is very hard to see anything . I definitely would not waste my money on this product .
 I took issue with the handle container ; the chalk falls out of it very easily . Putting it back in does not solve the problem but actually aggravates it because it shaves off even more chalk which reduces the circumference of the chalk and the handles ability to grip the base .
 While this item is a fair price , the holders are extremely cheaply made . They do n't even hold the chalk in the holder . Should a toddler , my granddaughter , not hold them perpendicular to the ground with chalk facing up , they fall out immediately . Difficult for a 21/2 year old to put back in with her 2 year old finger dexterity . I had to wrap a rubber band around the top of the holder so the chalk would not fall out . I bought a set of 9 from BJ 's Wholesale Club for about $ 3 more and they are wonderful . Sadly they did n't have another set for Gramma to buy for her house . I would definitely not recommend this item . Spend your dollars wisely . Look around for a better made product .
 The idea for this product was great , unfortunately the product itself was a real disappointment . First of all , there is only a small reservoir -LRB- about 2 oz . -RRB- that you fill with water . You have to keep the helmet steady or the water will spill out before you even start to pull the sticks out . When you do get the right stick , the water only trickles out -LRB- that 's if there is any water left in it -RRB- . We bought the Dunk Seat at the same time , and it is a much better product .
 I bought these hats - one for my son and one for a couple of Seniors in college so that they could have a little fun with their friends.I had spent a Christmas in England with family and had a blast which is why i bought two to use here.I was so dismayed when neither of them worked.I think I was sent seconds . What are the chances of ordering two hats and both of them not working . There was no manufacturer note inside the box with directions - nothing in fact except for the parts . I tried to find the company on line - nothing there either : - -RRB- Whatever you do - DONT buy one unless you can see that it works first .
 I saw this game on a popular morning news show and it really looked like fun . One hot day I brought it out for my kids to play and it fell apart even before the game began . Water leaked from the hard hat and the spring popped out . This would be a very fun game if it were manufactured better .
 Actually , this product gave me a good laugh today , although I would n't want to see a YouTube video of me trying to get on it in my pool . It looks cushy and stable , right ? Like you could just settle in for the afternoon ? Maybe if you 're 18 years old , 5 ' 1 '' and weigh 95 lb you can . But not if you 're an old lady like me -- 79 years old , 5 ' 6 '' and overweight . It took me about ten attempts just to get seated without being bounced off into the pool . Once I figured out how to mount the beast , I had to position myself VERY carefully in the middle , not shifting even an inch to the right or the left . Otherwise I 'd get dumped again.I 'll admit , it tickled me . But only because I was alone , in my own pool , with no one to witness the performance . And also because although it was money thrown away , it was n't a LOT of money thrown away.How they can manufacture something so magnificent looking and yet so totally unreliable is beyond me.Caveat emptor .
 It is a shame that Megatech would offer such overpriced garbage under their own name . The plane will fly , but the design is junk and needs some fiddling to make the steerable nosewheel good enough to taxi , takeoff and land without veering in a direction damaging your prop . I have added an additional servo with very short push rod to improve precision and control -LRB- eliminating the horrific design flaws seen on the stock plane -RRB- . Megatech is a weak company at best ... so if you want to give this bird a try ... do not overpay.For the dollar there are many other nice Cessnas on the market that are far superior and for far less money . The Ambassador is 5 years behind , 500 % too high in cost and as for THE MOST ADVANCED . . IN THE WORLD ... HARDLY ... and What World ? Try again Megatech you have really missed the boat . Sell this for $ 69 and you will have nailed your target audience .
 What a disappointment - could n't even get the thing to lift off the ground - propeller turned but no luck flying - did n't have the original box to send it back
 This thing is low end junk . A few little tweaks here and there and it would have been a really good plane . The nose gear is useless , it can barely support the weight of the plane standing still , never mind actually trying to get up to take off speed . Totally discount the fact that the nose gear is so floppy and useless that you ca n't actually go in a straight line . You nose over to the side and lose a prop , guaranteed.The charger is junk . My died the day I got it , never even charged the battery . Sent $ 10 to Megatech for `` warranty work '' -LRB- what a racket -RRB- , waited a few weeks and got another one . That one charged 2 batteries and croaked . It was n't the fuse , something inside fried and shorted.The props , they told me I had to wait 3 months . Nice ... and they wo n't even tell you what an equivalent prop is . I tried it on a 7x3 , not great . It really moves well on an 8x4 GWS 3 blade . Does n't fly particularly well , but its got a lot of power.The horizontal and vertical stabilizers are floppy floppy floppy , unless you throw a few bends in the rudder control rod it just pulls the vertical stabilizer over . The Horizontal stabilizer creases easily and then ends up flopping all over the place . One rough landing and its pretty shot.My radio or my receiver bugged out , I do n't know which and I do n't care at this point . Servo 's hopping all over the place . It does have a nice motor , do not buy the Megatech replacement , you can get it for $ 10 - $ 12 elsewhere , or a replacement shaft for $ 2 . And the battery is decent.If you can get this thing for $ 50 , it might be worth it , otherwise skip it , its not worth it . Also , its pretty high on the wing loading , so its a bit fast , not great for a beginner .
 Neat plane , looks like it would probably be lots of fun , however it came with 3 props that looked too small for the airplane , and plane nosedived on all 3 launches , 3 props busted in 3 minutes . The real kicker ? No one , including Megatech , has any replacement props , nor do they expect to , for at least 3 months!Now I 'm stuck with this expensive lump of plastic + styrofoam gathering dust in my closet . What a ripoff !
 So when my children saw that Ape head that gadget stores were selling they LOVED it , I thought this would be a less severe -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- option.It scared them both and we gave it away.I thought it was really cool , and would have liked it when I was a kid * shrug *
 My 6 year old son wanted this SO badly from Santa . Well , he got it and it is sitting in his bedroom and has been there since the 28th of Dec. . What was a fun attention grabber initially became a boring , furry annoyance rather quickly . It is cute but there are several things that I -LRB- and my son -RRB- found wrong with the product . When he is supposed to be sleeping his eyes do n't close all the way ... kind of creepy especially for something that looks so real ! Then his arms that move up and down and are supposed to close in an attempt to give you a hug make a HORRIBLE grinding noise ! My son was shocked by the grinding and got upset that his monkey was broken . I explained it away by saying that he probably just needed a backrub . What else are you going to tell a child on Christmas morning when his first choice present turns out to be a bummer ?! Cute toy in theory , not so much in person though . I would not recommend this toy .
 I got this little chimp for my Granddaughter and I got it for $ 30.00 at Walmart . I think it is sad seeing people on here selling things so high.It 's really sad and Amazon should do something about it !
 Too small for thomas trains and does n't fit the maxim shed . That really says it all , do n't buy unless you have a complete maxim set , maybe it works with those ?
 I bought this in hopes of not needing the more expensive Thomas brand . However this will be the first time that buying cheaper was not better . It does not fit up to a roundhouse like the Thomas one so you need extra room to fit it on the table . But my biggest complaint is that it is very small . It can only accomadate 1 engine but so many Thomas and friends have extra parts-Gordon , James , Edward , etc - they all have coal tenders and wo n't fit on the part that spins around . My son gets frustrated about this especially since Gordon is his favorite . It will probably go over to the grandparents smaller train collection and we will add the Thomas turntable to our collection .
 We ordered this turntable as a gift for our sons Birthday , we were very excited to get it and then very disappointed when it came . When it came it was missing the main red turntable and had dents and scratches all over it . All Amazon will do is return this item , as it was sold as a 3rd party vendor and I am not happy that when I re-order this item I will have to pay shipping -LRB- as I ordered it with other items to get super-savor shipping -RRB- I will think twice about ordering anything from My Hobby Place , LLC next time .
 I was looking for good quality toys made in America.As I read Melissa & Doug 's ` about ' page I got every impression they make their own toys to sell right here in America.When the item arrived it has a stamp on it ` made in China ' . Very disappointed . If you want made in America look elsewhere .
 I was looking for good quality toys made in America.As I read -LSB- ... -RSB- about I got every impression they make their own toys to sell.When the item arrived it has a stamp on it ` made in China ' . Very disappointed . If you want made in America look elsewhere .
 This would have been a good toy for our one old year , if they did n't come already chipped . Poor quality build with glue sowhing and sides already chipping even before we unpacked them !
 I bought these for my 21 month old son . I liked that they were simple , colorful , seem sturdy , and are non-toxic . However , these are VERY HEAVY items and NOT very STURDY at all , it turns out . He dropped the airplane twice the first day he was using it , and one of the wings came off immediately . He dropped the truck on his foot the other day and was in pain for a while after . I have taken them away and do not plan to give them back until he is much older -- I would say over 5 yrs of age . I may use them as decoration on a high shelf in his room but I would not let him play with them again until he is much older . And the box says `` for 1 + '' !!!! ABSURD ! I will look to other eco-friendly , non-toxic toys in the future , but no more Melissa and Doug .
 Melissa & Doug are great at greenwashing Chinese imports . So they are wood toys , big deal ! Parents concerned enough to seek out wooden toys for their kids , care about quality , which these vehicles sorely lack . Where do I start , with the sloppy paint , mis-shapen plastic tires , dull colors -LRB- nothing like the picture -RRB- ... I am staying away from M&D from now on . They 're a step up from plastic beeping & blinking junk , but that 's not saying much .
 I wanted to find some quality Bicycle mini cards to do cardistry with my small hands . However , when they came , they were n't what I ordered . They were much smaller than described , had no finish , making them hard to use , and were printed on cheap , thin paper . They were n't even Bicycle brand as depicted . They were from some generic brand company . I would n't recommend these to anyone who likes things with quality or like getting the item they ordered . All in all , they were cheaply made , not the product shown , and highly overpriced . I was very disappointed .
 I 've been trying for a long time to locate miniature playing cards . It 's impossible to find them anywhere . One day I decided to try Amazon , and was very pleased to find the ones I ordered . It was very easy to order , and exactly what I was looking for . They arrived very quickly , even though it was during the holidays when everything is busier than normal . Needless-to-say , I am thrilled with Amazon as they never let me down . The product is excellent , and the service terrific !
 This is NOT the 2004 Basic Game product that is pictured . The game arrived yesterday and turned out to be the 2006 Basic Game with 12 , not 16 miniatures including a large blue dragon , not the smaller black dragon of the earlier set . The 2006 game can be purchased for under $ 17 from Amazon , making this doubly annoying .
 I received this game as a gift for the holidays , probably with the hopes that it could match the ha 's brought by games we 've played before , such as Apples to Apples , Pictionary , and the like . The premise is fairly simple
 It probably depends on who you play with , but I really really hate this game . If you do n't know what the game is all about , let me tell you . Three or more people play , and the object is to guess what 's written on a card . When it 's your turn , everyone but you knows the answer . Everyone else 's job is to give you really obscure clues and giggle like idiots while you sit there and look confused . Let me give you an example . These are some clues I received one time : - Mine is scary-Mine is wet-Mine needs sugar-Mine is yours-Mine never works-I got mine from my momIf you guessed hiccup remedy , then you must be the smartest person alive , and should probably buy this game .
 I bought this and Say Anything because they both had 4 + stars at the time with good review comments , but I 'm disappointed with both . I love playing games like Apples to Apples , Mad Gab , Pictionary , Gestures , etc , these 2 games just did n't hold a candle to either . Everyone was bored within a few minutes . You want to give clues but you do n't want them to guess right away so it makes it either too hard or way to easy . There 's no middle I thought . I would n't waste my money on them .
 This game is very difficult to play . Sometimes it 's frustrating and if you are drinking , good luck altogether . One of the cards says `` Father 's Day '' . The clues are either way too easy or completely difficult . Maybe it 's my group of friends but A Game of Things or Apples to Apples is a lot more fun !
 This game is very poorly thought out and not that much fun.First , the rules are written rather poorly , and are hard to understand.Second , the game 's basic premise is flawed . The intention of the game is that you get successive clues that add up to a complete picture . For example , your clues might be `` mine are red '' , `` mine are green '' , and `` mine are tasty '' , from which one might guess that `` apples '' are the answer . In reality , here 's what happens
 I bought this game thinking it would make a nice addition to my collection of games like Pictionary , Apples to Apples , etc. . It is so boring . We played it once and want to return it . The clues that people come up with are either too vague or too obvious . I would not recommend this game . * The Game of Things is AWESOME !! Buy that instead !
 Our game group usually ends a session with a light party game such as `` Say Anything '' or `` Wits and Wagers '' . I bought `` What 's Yours Like '' as something different in the same vein . Three times around the table and we put it away.Example
 This game is in the same vein as `` Apples to Apples '' but not as much fun , and a LOT less durable . This game samples the most trite and vanilla aspects of `` Apples to Apples '' and `` Taboo '' but replicates none of the fun.BUILDStraight out of the box , the cards that come with this game are thin and prone to corner-wear . They 're not laminated like they should be . The game comes with a `` pouch '' that you are supposed to put the `` in play '' card in -LRB- I suppose to hide it -RRB- , but the pouch is so small that it succeeds in nothing more than wearing out the edges of each card you attempt to use it with . We ended up simply holding the cards in our hands.The game also comes with two dry-erase boards and markers , presumably to let the guesser write his or her guesses down to keep track . We found the game moved too quickly for those to be of any real use beyond keeping `` score . `` SUBSTANCEThe box promises hilarity , with a lot of clues that are little more than euphemisms for sex -LRB- i.e. `` mine is wet , '' `` mine is big , '' `` mine gets hot , '' etc. -RRB- . The reality of the game is a lot less funny . Cards are BORING and do not lend themselves to much fun , like `` junk drawer '' or `` my car . `` Also , the format of the game stinks . One person is `` it '' and has to guess what is on the card . The card is passed to the other players , who must say `` mine is like ... '' over and over until the guesser gets the answer right -LRB- or until everyone decides to move to the next card -RRB- . I strongly recommend avoiding this game . If you want fun , I recommend Apples to Apples , Taboo , or Monopoly .
 All M&D products have been great . This is potentially a great one too but our ink pad came in very dry . I suppose we will try adding water to it but there are no instructions that came along with it . I hope it will be alright to do that . I wish M&D made refillable ink for the pads . The stamps , by the way , are very tiny too , which makes the dry ink pads even more unappealing .
 We really enjoy Melissa ans Doug products , but when you get a dry ink pad with the stamps its pretty dissapointing . I will be emailoing the company to my dissatsfaction . We could not use until we went out and bought some ink pads .
 The stamps in the set are much smaller than pictured . I would not recommend this set for children , especially toddlers learning to use stamps .
 Apparently the ink pad for this set was dried up . The stamps did not make a legible impression , even on white paper . Did not hold my grandchildren 's interests at all , so I returned it .
 I bought three of these sets as Christmas gifts and when my kids tried to use them , the ink in all three was completely dried out . Most barely left a stamp mark ; some left nothing . I even tried to moisten them with a little water , but no luck . We usually love Melissa and Doug product , but these were a complete waste of money !
 The ink pad arrived very very dry ... almost useless . Wondering how many years the company had kept it in their warehouse inventory before it was sold ... The little stamps are all right . My 4.5 year old son can master them without any trouble .
 The concept is great and the toy looks cool . I find the pieces do not stay together well like some of the other reviewers mentioned . The directions are also very hard to follow . He is 4 and can do 7-12 legos himself but this he can not do . I have a hard time figuring out what goes where and keeping the pieces in tight . Not worth it .
 bought this for my son . He enjoyed putting it together with me , but after we put it together it fell apart . The pieces do not stay together at all , if it is moved the bolts come apart . Wished this toy was made better . Would be fun to put it together and play with it .
 I found the same doll half the price of what I paid for at our local discount store , I guess next time I 'll do more research before I buy . Not a very empressive doll . It 's very small .
 Used this to decorate a luau . As we were cutting out the shapes , the film kept tearing , causing us to have to discard almost half of it !
 after about 6 months of use the cups and saucers in this tea set have chips on them which reveal metal which rusts -- the enamel easily chips off with regular wear/tear/playing by a 3yearold . my daughter likes to have real tea in the teapot and tea cups and i do n't want her drinking out a cup with rusted areas in it . i would n't buy this again .
 I purchased the Select-a-Show-Soother for my 6 month old Grandson . Unless you have a very light painted room and ceiling , do n't bother purchasing this product . The designs will not show up on dark walls and even if your ceiling is painted white , the images are still fuzzy . It is also perplexing to find a place to sit this product AND allow the baby to actually see the designs that will show up on the ceiling/wall . There should be more slides that come with the product or the availability to purchase more slides according to the baby 's age.The good points of this product are that it tilts so that one can TRY to find a space for the lights to project and you have 4 choices of music to choose from . The music is soothing .
 I was not at all impressed with this product . The idea is nice , but the delivery was b * o * r * i * n * g ! The musical selections were not very good , and the light `` show '' was hardly a show at all ! The same three pictures flashing over you over and over hardly qualifies as a show ! I returned the item and bought a lighted aquarium mobile -- much better !
 I bought this at Wal-mart for my 3 month old son . It 's a good idea , but the lights just are n't bright enough to project on the ceiling . Putting it on a higher stand seemed to work , except the piece only angles one way , so images are upside down , or you ca n't get to the buttons if the crib is in a different direction . Also , there are only 3 options on the select-a-show insert , each having three different shapes that only fade in and out in red , yellow , and green . I wish they moved or turned , but they stay stationary . This product did not seem to help much , but does have a few songs that could occupy a baby when they ARE N'T fussing .
 So excited about this . Received it as a gift and as I opened it , right off the bat I was dismayed that there is no plug in option ! Then I actually tried it and unless you can hang it from your ceiling the images are too fuzzy and dim for me to see let alone my baby ! Great idea ... needs lots of work before it is actually a good product . Mine is going back !
 This product was very dissapointing , you can not see the shapes of the light show . It just does n't serve it 's purpose ! I am taking it back to the store .
 i bought this for my baby and when i turned it on , i was terribly disappointed ... the music drags , the light `` show ??? '' is blurry , and it just sits there fading in and out ... there is nothing interesting or entertaining about it ... i 'm returning it tomorrow ... i bought it today ...
 The toy is probably a great product . However when we received it from Babyage , the box was taped shut , and the tie-downs in side were balled up , as if it had already been opened and returned . My wife opened the box and the toy has scuff marks on it , and we could n't even get it to work . We called babyage and they were nice enough to refund the price of the toy -LRB- minus shipping of course -RRB- and then just told us to keep it -LRB- at that time we did n't know that it did n't work -RRB- . Shortly thereafter we got an email from them asking to talk to them first before submitting our review on Amazon , so I sent them the same letter that I 'm writing here and that was over 2 weeks ago and we have yet to hear from them . We really wanted the toy but it 's a hard to find toy at this point for some reason , so we 'll just have to keep looking and steer clear of Babyage .
 Since my daughter 's been able to stand in her crib , her sleep patterns are not as consistent as they used to be . I heard that these musical/projection soothers can help.However , do no buy this one . The images of this projection are horribly blurry unless you have it about two feet from the cieling . I actually laughed when I turned it on and saw how fuzzy the images were . I tested it in a dark room with a white cieling as they recommend.Saying this , there is one really nice feature to this soother that I have n't found in others yet , which is you can play the soother with music on or music off . There is also a volume control on the music which is nice too.The music in itself is calming and you options , like natural sounds , classical , etc. . . Saying this , I returned the product since the light show was terrible . I would n't even call it a light show , more like blotches of muted light on the cieling.After reading great reviews , I 'm going to try the Tomy Light Bright . Hopefully that 'll be better .
 I was looking for something that could take the place of a mobile for my baby 's cradle/crib/etc and thought this might fit the bill . My biggest complaints : - It wo n't stay on longer than 15 minutes -LRB- by design -RRB- - It is n't very bright , the designs only show if the room is almost pitch black - There is n't any motion , just three shapes that fade in and outI ca n't complain too much though , the price was certainly right .
 I would n't bother ordering this bag , its advertised with a changing pad , when you recieve it there is no pad , and the quility is so-so nothing special . If you ask -LSB- the store -RSB- why you did n't recieve the changing pad thats advertised with the bag , they simply tell you if your not satisfied with your order send it back ...
 First off - these other reviews are fake . If they are truly unbreakable , why do they sell you so many?My first swing , SNAP !
 I ordered these tees as a gift for my father , who is an avid golfer.He did not like them . Too stiff.He threw them away .
 I purchased some of these Tees and I found that because they 're designed with most of the weight at the top I found myself loosing them because they take off right behind the ball .
 Purchased toy for son . Only worked for 3 minutes and has not worked since . Not worth time to ship back
 This item was listed under the &#34; Made in USA &#34; search , so thinking this was true , I ordered it . When I received the item I checked the label on the back of the box and it is made in China !! Very disappointed !!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this tool set for my grandson , age 2 . He loves to work outside with his daddy and I thought he would love it . When it arrived I could n't believe that it was sold as a product for children . The tools are made of thick , heavy , sharp , pointy metal ! This is NOT a `` pretend '' tool set . BEWARE these tools are dangerous !!! I do n't think they 're suitable for a child of any age .
 I bought these tools for my 6 year old son as he loves to help in the garden . We were looking for metal and wood tools that would be durable . My son is not hard on toys and takes good care of his things . We took the tools out of the package and he was so excited that he immediately started digging in the garden . 15 minutes later the shovel was bent in half ! I was able to bend it back with just my hands , but this shovel wo n't cut it!Another big disadvantage of these tools is that the handles are so short . They are made for ages 5 and up , but are way too short for my 6 year old . A complete waste of money !
 I purchased this set for my 3 yr old daughter because she likes to help out with yard work . These tools are sharp ! She was using them one morning -LRB- with supervision !! -RRB- and she slipped on the wet grass and hit the edge of the shovel with her shin . We spent the next few hours in the ER with a clean slice to her leg . Beware when you purchase these that they should be used with supervision as they are sharp !
 The gardening tools seem to be of good quality but when my 5 year old son tried to use the shovel to dig a hole , the screw pulled out of the handle . My husband re-screwed it in , but the hole would n't hold . He 's going to try and drill the screw in and we 'll see if it holds . As it is , I ca n't recommend . I wish I could because they 're a great size and my son loved them but now he 's pretty disappointed .
 I was very disappointed . My 4-year-old daughter loves working in the garden with me . The shovel broke on the first use -LRB- it 's just a small screw in a plastic handle -RRB- , and the tines on the rake are bent .
 I love the concept of this set but was disappointing in the final product . The rake tines are too narrow and stiff to be used effectively and the shovel head is too flat to actually scoop dirt with - it could use more curvature or some sort of raised edge . I think the hoe will be most useful as it seems well weighted and sized appropriately . The handles on the shovel and rake could be a bit longer too - better to grow into rather than out of so quickly . I suspect I will be replacing the tiny screws used to attach the tool heads ; they seem flimsy and most already have too much wiggle in them .
 The product looked great on arrival but immediately noticed that the tools were not attached properly to the handles . Every one of the four had play where they attached . Also , I was surprised to see that these toys were metal with hard wooden handles , which would be great if the metal had any strength . Within the first hour , my 4 year old grandson had bent both rake heads
 The Eeyore that is in the main picture is not actually for sale here . I wanted the specific one that was featured for sentimental reasons . I got a different one . When I sent the sellers a message about this , they were nice about it and sent me a return sticker and said that there were a few different Eeyores that could ben sent when a buyer orders this item , but the one that is pictured is not one that is available . I was surprised that the seller could sell an Eeyore to someone that would pay between $ 20 and $ 30 for an Eeyore but be indifferent about which one they get .
 The Air Chopper was the worst Air Hogs Item I had bought ! First of all , it is easily brakable -LRB- Its made of Sytrofoam -RRB- and dosent fly AT ALL ! I tried this helicopter right after I got home , and ended up returning it the next HOUR ! It is Truly a waste of money !! I was worried this wouldnt work right after I saw it !! I ended up paying $ 14.95 for something that dosent even work !! My brother bought the same toy and ended up crying right after he opened it . When I tested The Aircraft , all it did was spin on the floor . I would not recommend this toy to anyone . Period .
 Pros : Quite educational.Glow in the dark works good -LRB- not great -RRB- . Art is nice.Cons : For me , it came with one missing painting template.When put together , the mobile is very likely going to be lopsided in weight.Before you even start to string the planets and sun to the mobile , there 's no instruction to what you do with this long piece of thread , so I just assumed you cut it up into equal pieces and hope that you have enough for all the planets and the sun.To string the planets to the mobile -LRB- pieces of plastic sticks -RRB- , you must string thread to the small holes . The thread has a mind of its own and will not cooperate easily . I spent more time threading and tying the planets and sun to the mobile -LRB- which by the way , the knots kept undoing themselves -RRB- than my child painting the items.Look at the `` ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS '' . It has a diagram of the mobile , the planets , and the sun , and how it 's supposed to be attached together . The planets at the end of the plastic sticks have loops to tie the thread around . However , the planets on the inside -- the middle of each plastic stick -- have nothing to attach to ; the diagram makes it look like the thread is embedded into the plastic -LRB- which is n't the case of course -RRB- . So here I assume you simply wrap the thread around the stick ; the problem is that it 's slippery and cumbersome to do . The diagram also shows the main string go up and outside of the diagram frame , out of view -- meaning there 's no instruction nor advice on how and where to hang it.Sure , you can innovate , but I 'm expecting clear and intuitive instructions , not vague ones.I strongly believe the makers knew about these flaws and did n't bother to address them . I think it 's unfair to the consumer to leave him/her `` out in the cold '' concerning the above matters . Why not make a much easier way to attach the items to the mobile -- even if it would cost a bit more for the consumer?If I knew I would have to spend so much time stringing the items to the mobile , I would 've never purchased this product . I would give this item a better score , but the `` threading '' issue was quite frustrating , so it ruined any chance of a better score .
 This item is too hard for a 8 year old child to paint all the small areas.I would not recommend
 I read all the great reviews on here and purchased this kit , but I am COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED !! It is a dinky set of planets that you hang on with dinky hooks and dinky fish line . You barely get enough glow-in-the-dark paint for everything . I thought this would be really cool for my six-year-old nephew , but we were dreadfully disappointed . I do n't know what these other reviewers thought was so grand . I guess if you 're looking for a small set of planets for someone to paint in detail , it would be good . Otherwise , you will want to find something else !
 i bought this for my daughter at about 8 months . she never used it , never put balls in it or even tried crawling with it . she learned to crawl on her own . i would n't recommend this for any child . its a waste of money .
 I got this toy for my daughter at around 6 months . She hasnt shown much interest in it . Has never crawled for it . The music isnt that great either .
 My 8 month old son shows no interest in this toy at all . He has never crawled after it and I doubt he ever will considering we 've had it for over 2 months now . The best thing about this toy is the little balls that are inside of it . My son enjoys playing with those . I 'd advise you to buy a tennis ball instead of this . You 'll save money and have a happier baby !
 I thouhgt the toy seemed like a good idea once my twins were around the crawling stange . They have never played with this toy . In fact the only part they like is the little plastic balls that you put down the middle . They will hold and chase the balls around the house but they never actually connected the balls with the tube part . I wish I had saved some money and just bought the balls instead .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas last year and she has yet to play with it . It got rolled around a few times and my older son tried helping her with it but she never was interested in it at all . It has volume control which is nice and the music it plays is not annoying but my daughter just did n't seem to like the toy at all .
 I am a first-time mom of a 17 month-old toddler boy . I , like many of you , am constantly in search of reasonably priced , quality toys . This is not it . I bought this before my son was crawling because the box had said that is will promote crawling.Well , my son thought nothing of it from the start and still has no interest in it.My son is very active and loves to explore . After the drum rolled away , he did n't find it engaging enough to follow after it . Also , his hand got stuck when he tried to retrieve the ball by holding onto it . The only good thing is that now he uses the balls to throw around . This toy is one to skip .
 I was very excited to purchase this for my son but he had no interest in it . He did enjoy playing with the balls but never actually put them inside and never crawled to get to the toy . All in all , I feel it was a waste of money .
 My daughter was not at all interested in this toy . I think she may have played with it once and it held no interest in her at all . Boring for all !
 This one is alright . Colors are good music is okay , my daughter did not really show to much interest in this one it does n't really roll right and the balls get stuck as it rolls sometimes . My baby was more interested in the noises that it made .
 the only thing that i 've found good about this toy is that the balls can be used in other fisher price toys .
 I purchased this toy when my son was 5 mo. , he has never been interested in it for more than a minute . Even now so many months later he may just drop the ball in , but that is it . I do not think I 've ever purchased a more useless toy than this one .
 I bought this on the spur of the moment which was a mistake . This toy is frustrating , it is easy for a child to put the balls in but hard to get them out . My daughter never crawled after it and more than once both my children have loaded it with other toys which were then incredibly difficult to remove . This toy looks appealing because of the bright colors and the music and lights -LRB- the volume control is good -RRB- but overall is a waste of money .
 my mother-in-law bought this for my son when he was 8 months old and while he loves to chase and chew on the balls , he has little to do with the drum part . he likes to hear the music play but once it stops that 's it . he doesnt have anything more to do with it . probably good for a 5 or 6 month old who havent learned to crawl yet .
 I thought this toy would be fun for my daughter as well as encourage her to crawl . Basically , she likes the balls . I bought it when she was about 6 months old and she has spent maybe 20 minutes total playing with it in 4 months . If it rolls away , she loses interest and she does n't have much in it to start with . Do n't bother with this toy .
 My son is now 1 and has had this toy for quite sometime . He has never crawled with it . What he enjoys is dumping out the balls and dropping them in one at a time while I count along . He loves the lights and music , so that aspect of the toy is fantastic . Although , we have just about all of the Fisher Price sound n lights toys ... they could have came up with several different songs , rather than have all the toys play the same song . For example ... the Crawl N Cruise playground , Pull Up Ball Blast , and the ball toy that has the two balls inside .
 Is kind of hard to make it roll on the carpet isntead by trying to grab it she pushs it in one side and hits herself in the head with the other side.This toy is not for her , she prefers chasing the cat , too bad he was n't 12.99 . She likes the balls at lot and always dances to the music but if you live in an apartment -LRB- carpet all around -RRB- I woud n't recomend it .
 My son got this toy when he was 6 months old . It never really interested him all that much . We tried to entice him into rolling it along like intended , but he just did n't want to . He kinda liked the lights and music , but pretty soon he got bored with that because it was the same every time . He did like the little plastic balls that came with it . He rolled those everywhere and threw them and to this day -LRB- he is 13 months now -RRB- will still play with those , but even at this low price it is still too much to pay for 3 little plastic balls . Maybe they could sell the balls by themselves : -RRB-
 I heard the old story that if you put a banana outside a monkey cage , the monkey will reach for the banana , try to get the banana through the gate , but wo n't turn the banana from horizontal to vertical to enjoy the spoils.This story describes my son 's experience with the toy . He found this toy frustrating . When he put the ball in the hole , he was happy , but when he tried to take it out with his hand , he could n't . His hand combined with the ball made the ball too large for the opening . Instead of letting go , he 'd cry.He never got the hang of pushing the Drum Roll . I tried showing him , but he 'd have nothing of it . He prefers toys with wheels.This toy is very durable and loud with the high-spirited Fisher Price tune . Unfortunately , this toy goes off when anyone walks by it ; not fun in the dead of the night with everyone sleeping.I 've tripped over it several times . I tried selling it at a yard sale , and no one would buy it . My son reclaimed it and wo n't give it up . But he wo n't play with it either , except for dropping balls into it . Not my favorite toy by far .
 This toy is not worth the money . My son who is eleven months old was 7 months at the time that I bought this annoying thing . It has been in the bottom of my four year olds toy box for quite sometime now . My 4-year old is very creative and will play with just about anything does not even show interest in this thing . So needless to say my 11 month old who has the attention span of of a flea , will not even touch it . Do not waste your gas , time or money on this thing .
 We received this as a gift at Christmas for our then 8mth daughter . She learned to crawl when she was 9mths . She 's now 12mth and has played with this toy once . I 'm glad we did n't waste money to buy it . I use it just to store her balls in there and that 's the one time she 's touched it , to take her balls out and that was it . She did n't like and does n't even play with it now . Maybe it works for some baby 's but she learned to crawl without it and the only good part about it is the balls , if that . I would n't recommend anyone to buy this toy in fact I would just give it away because it 's collecting dust .
 Boring . That pretty much sums up my feelings of this toy . My son may throw it , but that 's about the extent of his interest in this toy .
 my 10 mos old son has never crawled after this toy -LRB- he has crawled after other toys -RRB- . He is mildly interested in the song and droping balls in then he 's done and wants to go do something else ...
 I thought this toy would help encourage my daughter to crawl as it states that it would . She had more encouragment from one on one interaction with myself that she did from this toy . It has 2 options for volume control and a sensor to encourage children when a ball is dropped in from the side . My daughter is on the petite side -LRB- VERY PETITE -RRB- so this toy may have been overwhelming in size to her -LRB- She 's 10mons , 131/2 lbs . -RRB- when I got it for her , she was even smaller then . The other thing I did n't like about it was that you can only roll it one way to make the balls pop out the side because the lines are grooved on the inside of the toy to help revert the balls out the hole . It 's a good idea , and reasonably priced , just some toys work for some children , others not so much .
 I purchased this toy for my 10 month old who loves to put things in and taking them out . I thought he would like this since it rolls and has lights and music . It 's a toy that sits in the toy box . He rarely plays with it .
 My son hated this toy . he eventually used it as storage for things that did n't fit in it and are forever imbeded in it . It seemed like a great idea , but my son prefered the ones that do n't make noise , as do I.
 I purchased this toy as a christmas gift for my first child . She immediately crawled to it and pushed down on the end of the toy which came up and smacked her in the face giving her a bloody lip . Thinking that maybe it was a learning experience we let her try again which resulted in a huge knot on her head - EVERY child to come to my house did the exact same thing . If your looking for a safe toy for your child this is not it !!
 1 . Annoying music .2 . Music starts automatically - usually after putting your child down for a nap - just when you are about to fall asleep yourself .3 . Other toys fit inside . Normally you would think this is cool , however , my child is very good at jamming in items that are just a tad too large to remove . He then gets frustrated and screams . I -LRB- Mama -RRB- then try to remove the too large toy - unfortunately I ca n't always get them out -LRB- Daddy ! -RRB- .4 . Hole in top is just large enough for little hands to get stuck when they try to remove one of the aforementioned toys . It took a long time for my son to figure out why his hand was stuck . Lots of crying and screaming .5 . My son has yet to actually roll it -LRB- he 's had it for months -RRB- .6 . You can never find the balls that go with it . They always seem to be under a piece of furniture or at the bottom of the toy chest . And there are only 2 or 3 balls , so it 's not like there are extras around to be seen among the million other toys .7 . My son loves to stand on this toy . One of these days he will learn the hard way that barrels roll.I can only think of one good thing to say about this toy - there are n't a million parts .
 These air hog toys look like so much fun , and they are but they are n't durable at all . They are made from cheap styrofoam and when they hit the ground they break and chip apart . I purchased this toy and another airhog toy for my son 's birthday and both are extreme disappointments b/c they fall apart . The other air hog toy I bought I tried it out the first time and part of the plane fell off and so my son never even got to play with it . I am going to try to contact the company and complain but I do n't know if it will do any good . I have my reciepts but no boxes . Anyways , spend your money else where , or if you do n't mind spending 15 dollars for one afternoon of fun the go ahead and buy this toy . Toy manufacutures should be smart enough not to make a boys toy out of styrofoam . They hit the ground and break . I am so disappointed . I wasted about 30 dollars on these air hogs and now two weeks later I have nothing but broken planes to show for it . I should have just bought him another Xbox game , at least he 'd still be able to play with that after 2 weeks .
 Cheaply made , breaks after a few flights , landing in grass even . How can you make a product for 8 yera olds made out of flimsy styrofoam . Do n't waste your money and dissapoint your kids .
 My son was very excited about flying his new helicopter . Unfortunately the claims on the front of the box are totally false ! `` For the first time flyer '' ? It was hard for my husband and I to fly . `` Hovers , Circles Overhead '' ? Did the designers ever attempt to fly it ? After about 30 to 45 minutes of flying we could n't get it to pull the teather tight . The 6 AA batteries were already too worn out to give it enough of a boost . And it certainly does n't circle at all . A few seconds after lift off it destabilizes and goes out of control . Even a small tug of the teather causes it to fly erratically . Shame on the people who designed this to make a quick buck without any thought of breaking children 's hearts !
 My son got the Home Depot Shop Vac and this Home Depot Tool Box for his birthday . The Shop Vac broke the first day and we were going to exchange it for the same thing , but then the Home Depot Tool Box broke the next day ! It was then apparent that these toys are really poorly made . I ca n't beleive these reviews ! Everyone is saying it breaks and yet they are still giving it high marks . My son is 3 and has never broken a toy in his life and both Home Depot toys broke in the first two days ! I expect better than that from a toy .
 I bought this game for a friend 's daughter , and I 'd say this is better than most other Harry Potter games . -LRB- Though that may not be saying much . -RRB- She did n't really like the rules , so we played it a different way , which I think is a good quality in a board game , but for harry Potter fans , this is n't particualrly well made , or well detailed , and the figures are a little wierd .
 `` Cars '' Toy Chests Sold at Toys `` R '' Us Recalled by Delta Enterprise Due to Lead Poisoning HazardWASHINGTON , D.C. - The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission , in cooperation with the firm named below , today announced a voluntary recall of the following consumer product . Consumers should stop using recalled products immediately unless otherwise instructed.Name of Product
 This toy really has the potential for some serious fun and enjoyment ! Mine arrived well packed and very fast . All componants appear well made , and the packaging is excellent . Unfortunately , the Hornet -LRB- the flying portion of the toy -RRB- would not charge . I carefully followed the manual instructions , even trying two sets of new batteries . A communication from Flytech 's online support division confirmed that I was doing things right . It simply is not worth doubling the cost of the toy in return and exchange shipping , only to risk the same or a different problem , so I 'm not going to bother . This is a fascinating product , but I can not recommend it .
 I had gotten this game at an upscale toy store for my two boys . Their ages are 8 and 10 . I absolutely loved this game , I thought it was exciting and creative . Unfortunately , after the second or third time of playing my boys got bored . They found it silly and unchallenging . I gave it to my sister who 's kids are a bit younger than mine -LRB- 6 & 7 -RRB- , they too , only played it several time and complained that it was too repetative . I would also liked to have had a more sturdy box . Two of the edges broke quicker than expected , otherwise the durability rating would have been higher .
 I got this game and played it a couple times and it was ok at first but it got boring after I figured out the trick on how to win . The frogs are kewl though .
 This is suppose to be a Wal Mart Exclusive . It 's a boring doll , what 's so special about it ? There too many Zodiac dolls to keep up with . I mean , It 's just a doll with a dress with some sign on it . All the Zodiac dolls are basically clones -LRB- except for the colour of the skin , hair , and dress -RRB- That 's it ! It 's just boring . I do n't think it 's even a Barbie collector at all . It think it 's just a barbie that you take out of the box and play with . BORING !
 This toy is inexpensive , but surely not worth the few dollars you may pay for it.My daughter has no interest in it , at all . She 's 11 months old , and has had this since she was born , and has yet to give it more than a minutes notice .
 Bought this for my grandson at 10 mo. and he showed very little interest . When I would show it to him , he would want to pick it up , but by the weight and shape of it , it would swing around and bop him in the head or face ! Thought it would be fun for him in his carseat , but really too big for that , yet not large enough to capture his attention if it was on the floor with his other toys .
 This toy is sooooo loud I could n't stand it ! The slightest thing would trigger it , even not being touched . My son never wanted to move the beads along , just to bang it on the table and be very noisey . Very good idea , just poorly thought out because of the sound level .
 I have been teaching developmentally delayed children for 7 years now and am constantly looking for items for my student 's to manipulate during leisure time . I purchased the Fisher-Price Sparkling Symphony Star Beads toy for multiple reasons ; particularly that it had various musical options , on/off button , moving parts and could be held easily . HOWEVER , my 11-year-old-student -LRB- who weighs 60 pounds -RRB- threw this toy on the classroom floor one day and it actually shattered into 4 pieces . Yes , I understand that my story involves an older child ; however , if the toy broke apart from a throw , this could happen to anyone , regardless of age or weight . Thus , the plastic rods that held the stars had sharp edges . Very upset that it broke into various pieces . I am really concerned about the safety issue after witnessing it shattering apart . Had to throw it away because it was beyond repair . So sad . I just wanted to let other teachers , and of course parents know of the possibility of a serious safety concern .
 My son got this toy for christmas when he was 4 months old . He was n't really able to play with it until he was 6 months old . He 'll play with it for a very short time . It does n't hold his attention for more then a minute . He has more fun with many other fisher price toys that he has . I think that if it had more color to it , like one side being different then the other and not exactly the same , it would be more interesting .
 I bought this toy when my daughter was only 8 months old . I liked the fact that it was one of the few toys that a baby could activate without pushing a button or something equally hard for a small baby to do . Well , she ignored it for the most part , but I 'm not going to blame the toy on that - she does n't seem to play with any of her toys -LRB- is more interested in whatever she lies finding around the house -RRB- . She is now 11 months and last night she actually played with it . Then , she started screaming . I ran over and saw that two of her little fingers got wedged in the star opening -LRB- between the plastic star and the bar that the star slides on -RRB- . I quickly got them out , but basically had to pull the star off her fingers and she screamed some more . Luckily , it did n't leave any mark and a few seconds of comforting and she was okay . But I could n't believe it ! I wo n't let her play with it again !
 I bought this for my 3 yr old son for xmas and was very disappointed . The wooden connector piece that came with it did not fit at all . it wasnt cut right and he was very upset .
 Bought for a Christmas gift but they did n't work , and had to be returned so I have no idea of the fun - or educational-value of them .
 these are not too good though they lasted a little while they broke within about 2 months .
 These dolls may be appealing , but as a former astrologer , I can say that it is a 100 % bad idea to have girls , who are still forming their own style and personality , identify with a zodiac sign . This is limiting and puts them in a box . Parents , please think outside the zodiac box and do not buy this doll for your child !
 This is suppose to be a Wal Mart Exclusive . It 's a * yawn * doll , what 's so special about it ? There too many Zodiac dolls to keep up with . I mean , It 's just a doll with a dress with some sign on it . All the Zodiac dolls are basically clones -LRB- except for the colour of the skin , hair , and dress -RRB- That 's it ! It 's just boring . I do n't think it 's even a Barbie collector at all . It think it 's just a barbie that you take out of the box and play with . BORING !
 I love Melissa and Doug products , but this puzzle was disappointing . The pieces are not cut out into the shapes of the letters . The bubble shapes are harder for my 2 yr old to figure out , so he ca n't get them into the right spots without help . He is normally really good at puzzles but the shapes are confusing.The other major miss is the choice of pictures under the letters . For instance , under the letter D is a swan . I 'm sure the manufacturer intended a duck but it looks exactly like a graceful , long-necked white swan . Even the beak looks swan-like in shape.For q they did a quail . Maybe a queen would have been more clear for a 2 yr old ? He just sees a bird . V is a vine . Took me a moment to figure out what the picture was trying to depict . My son thinks the Basket under the letter B is an acorn.He still likes it but he loves letters already . It does look nice and I like the little puzzle piece handles .
 Let me start out by saying , I LOVE Melissa and Doug products . If you read my other reviews , you 'll see that I LOVE their Chunky Puzzles.But I DO NOT RECOMMEND this one at all ! 1 . This is not a good Chunky puzzle . It is much more flimsy and the stickers peel off the pieces .2 . The pieces are NOT shaped like the letter . So more than one letter will fit in more than one spot ... Like the O , G , and C will all fit in the same spots .3 . The pictures used to describe the letter are ODD choices ... The first time I did the puzzle with my son , it took me a few seconds to figure out what the pieces were supposed to be .4 . These pieces are a lot smaller than most of the Melissa and Doug puzzle pieces.I was very disappointed with this puzzle and bought the other Melissa and Doug alphabet puzzle to replace this one !
 I bought this for my 2 year old who has done other similar puzzles , but this one was almost impossible because the letters are not cut out in the correct shape -LRB- more like a cicle/square -RRB- . So , this is way too difficult for her to do . I put it into storage until she is older . I would not buy this alphabet puzzle , but one that has the letters actually cut out and matching the background .
 I do n't normally post reviews but I was really disappointed with this product . My two year old loves puzzles , and I credit them to helping him learn his shapes and numbers . We have tons of Melissa and Doug puzzles but this one is terrible . The pieces are not cut out in the shape of letters so my son has trouble figuring out where to put them . Plus , the pictures/words associated with the letters are odd choices and not necessarily what you would like -LRB- i.e. , quail for `` Q '' -- he saw a bird , not a quail , and though `` B '' for bird -RRB- . In addition , the letters are not made out of hard , sturdy wood like other puzzles . I had to buy another letter puzzle .
 This puzzle looks so cute . I bought it for my 20 month old son for Christmas . I just received it yesterday and the &#34; X &#34; was n't even punched onto the hole or glued down ... . it 's just laying in the packaging . Anyone with eyes can see that there is something amiss with this and yet they sent it anyway . Where is Quality Control when you need it ? That is the reason I am giving it such a low score . Aside from it not being made properly , my son would have LOVED this . I chose Melissa and Doug products because out every product that I have of theirs , is made with quality but not this .
 My 3 year old is learning the alphabet and I thought this puzzle would be a fun way to practice . I am disappointed because the quality is awful - the wood pieces are chipped and splinter out . I seriously had to buy sand paper to soften it because I was worried someone could get hurt.Was it worth the effort - not so much . The pictures under the letters are not the best choices for a toddler . I understand the idea was to fit something that mimics the shape of the letter , so the space left to place the picture was small and often awkward . Like the `` V '' reveals a `` vine '' -LRB- not really something toddlers relate to -RRB- , the `` E '' is for `` egg , '' which is fine , but `` N '' has a `` nest '' - with the same color eggs in the nest.To be honest , I am really not a huge fan of Melissa & Doug . I like the idea and the toys seem great , but the quality is really not there - especially for the price . The other puzzle we have also had wood chip issues , another wood toy had paint chip almost immediately . I do n't want to have to worry about splinters and paint chips - not if I am paying premium prices .
 I received this alphabet puzzle with the letter V missing . A Y was inserted into the V 's place in the puzzle so we have two Ys - cute move . Since our son needs to learn all of the letters of the alphabet , we will be returning this item , hassle notwithstanding .
 Melissa and Doug have produced some wonderful , educational , age-appropriate developmental toys for toddlers and pre-schollers . This is NOT one of them . Older children will understand and coordintate the letters with the odd pictures inside , but will be bored within a few minutes of play . Younger children will not grasp the matching concepts used for letter/piece placement . Several of the letter pieces are interchangable , making mistakes very easy and not helping with the learning process . My overall impression of this educational product is that flashy colors and imaginative picture matches for the entire alphabet makes it pretty , but useless for anything other than a dust collector . I have taken it away from my toddler and do not plan on using it again .
 This is a horrible puzzle . The pieces are n't in the shape of the letter . Also , the board has odd pictures for the letter . My son has no idea where the letters go ... he ca n't match the letter with the board , and the board cut outs are n't in the shape of the letters .
 I bought this pool at Toys R Us for my 2 kids 31/2 and 2 , and thought that it lookd like a fun pool to have for the spring and summer.On the box it looks huge ! You see three kids in it with plenty of room to move around , but in fact the picture is totaly a lie!What a piece of junk . The pool first of all is made out of the same plastic that a beach ball is made from so right off the bat you know that this pool will not last for more than a few uses.Then once the pool is filled up , the side walls dont have the strength to contain the water and keep its shape.The pool is so small ! No way can three `` big '' kids fit in this thing and have fun ! My two kids had standing room only.To top it all off , the pool only lasted for three days ! I tryed to patch it with the enclosed patch with no success . We just ended up putting it out with the trash.Dont wast your money , it looks cool , but it 's junk !
 Not worth the hassle or the money . The slide is not stable so kids do n't enjoy it . The part of the slide that is outside the pool does n't stay on the ground.The sides may droop even though they are fully inflated . I did n't find any leaks so I think it 's a design flaw . The cannon is OK but just remember that someone will be turning the hose and on and off to keep from wasting too much water . The four and five year old got bored after about a half hour or so.If you really want one , I suggest you purchase a Coleman Rechargeable Quick Pump . It takes about a half hour to inflate everything in the pool .
 My kids loved the idea of having this pirate ship pool - mainly because of the slide and water cannon . Where do I begin ? The slide , as in other reviews , does not stay on the ground and is so narrow and unstable that my kids were too afraid to get on it . There are SOOO many parts to inflate ! It took me about an hour just to inflate it all WITH an electric pump . Then , once it was filled with water , the flag and sides started to fall in - even with them tied down . The water cannon does n't have any swivel or blast action - it 's just like having a little sprinkler so it was n't that much fun . The pool itself is pretty big compared to others in its price range . My three and four year old had plenty of room to move , but all those extra inflatable parts were an obstacle to get around . Not meant for swimming . Finally , the draining is horrible . It has one small hole about the size of a silver dollar tucked away in the back corner to drain the entire pool . I had to do alot of lifting and twisting to get all the water out . Too bad , it looked so cool !
 Well it looks nice on the box , and it could be fun for 2 preschoolers . But the ship is WAY smaller than the photo . The box specifies ages 3-12 , and they must really mean ages 3 to 4 . Aside from the size , the inflatable mast would not stay up , even though it was secured as specified and correctly inflated.The slide was just a disaster . It was too small and slippery for the kids aged 6-10 and the 3-year-old who tried it could n't maneuver her way up . It was too slippery , narrow and not secure . The slide ` secures ' to the bottom of the pool with 2 ties , and then is supposed to ` hook ' itself over the back of the pool . But the water makes the slide float up in the back and it does n't stay down . It was dangerous and we took it out , but then the kids were hurting their feet on the plastic things that stick up out of the floor for the rope tie-downs . The cannon was okay -- it hooks up to your hose , so the older kids had some fun trying to ` defend the ship ' from each other , but that was about it.The photo on the box shows kids that look to be about 5-7 , and 2 of them are sitting , one is kneeling . Do n't be deceived . Based on the size of the pool we actually got in the box , if would n't even look that roomy if there were 3 and 4 year olds in it.Lastly , if you decide to get it anyway -- make sure that you inflate the pool and the slide , SECURE THE SLIDE , then fill the pool with water . You ca n't tie down the slide after the water is in it without great difficulty because the slide floats and you can not push it down hard enough to tie it . There are no instructions in the box . What you see on the box is it.Banzai should walk the plank for this one . ARRR !
 This looks great but has many design flaws . The mast flops over no matter how much air is in it . The slide has no steps and is very unstable , ny son was terrified of it and I had to remove it . It is made of very thin plastic and will not last long and already had a hole in it out of the box . I got the bigger version but it still is n't that big , I would hate to see the smaller one . While my son thought it was cute I did n't think a paying $ 50 for a wading pool was worth it . When I returned it to Target the guy said `` another one , that 's the third one today ! '' Do n't waste your money !!!!
 Bought this for our 2 year old son . Only have had it for about 2 weeks . And it already has holes on the bottom of the pool , and in the corner by the bottom where the flag is . Also the top ring does n't hold air well . Very cheaply made , not worth the money .
 I was very dissapointed with this item and returned it !!! It did not inflate enough to keep the back sides standing up ... they kept flopping over and covering the slide . We had to tie them town so my son could play on the slide part . It is also much smaller in person them it looks on the photos . There is really not so much room to move around . The water cannon does not turn well and it ends up coming off when it is played with and my son was not able to get it back together on his own so it ended up staying off.I would not recommend spending your money on this one !!!
 I bought this item -LRB- at Target , by the way , for about 1/2 the price -RRB- hoping that it would be the perfect summer entertainment for my 3 kids -LRB- ages 2 , 5 , and 7 -RRB- . The problems started immediately when it took me about an hour to blow it up with an electric pump . There are many separate areas that need to be inflated - some can only be done by mouth!The quality of the pool was similiar to that of a beach ball - not durable enough to last even a week of the summer.Once it was FINALLY inflated , it was much smaller than it appeared on the box.The slide did not stay attached to the pool securely and was not safe . There was no way for the kids to stay stable and they often fell off the side of it.I 'll admit , the kids did have fun with it and enjoyed the cannon -LRB- its only redeeming quality ! -RRB- However ... even worse than the inflation of this product ... was the DEFLATION ! It took me just as long to deflate and I had to get the help of my neighbors to do it.This pool is great in theory but not worth it-save yourself the trouble and buy a plain old large inflatable pool-not made by Banzai .
 We purchased this pool for our two toddlers and encountered 2 immediate problems after inflating it . First of all , the mast will not stay up and leans over into the pool which is very annoying . Secondly , the water cannon would not properly attach to the black plastic mount , so our children never even got to us . And then after sliding on the pool for just 1 hour , it tore and is now unusable . So much for `` hours of fun . '' They only used it one day and now all it 's good for is filling up with water .
 The pool was purchased for my 31/2 yr old twins . Although they had a great time , the slide is very flimsy even when inflated and installed correctly . My son slipped climbing up and getting on the slide , flipped over , feel head first in the pool and because the slide is tied to the bottom , he got stuck under with his head under the water . Luckily there were 3 adults there watching closely and we pulled him out immediately . We will be returning ASAP .
 I bought this pirate ship pool last summer for my 3 yr old son . The pool is n't as bis as the picture advertises it on the box , as it has a 4 kids bigger than my son playing in it w / plenty of room . But I kept it anyway . He played in it a couple times , literaly , & he had fun . He loved the fact tht it had a wheel to steer . I stored it properly in the garage over winter making sure nothing could/would poke it . I pulled it out a month ago & there was a leak somewhere in the top circle of the boat which helps support everything else.I have also come across some other people who have bought Banzai pools that have had the same problem from one summer to the next when pulling it out of the garage after just one winter . As well as the advertising picture using bigger kids to show how big it supposedly is , but when pulled out & blown up , 3 yr olds barely fit w / little space to move .
 IMPOSSIBLE TO CLEAN . CUTE IDEAL , BUT TOO MANY CORNERS WERE CUT . SLIDE DOES NOT WORK AND THE FLAG WILL NOT STAY UP . ALSO IT IS NOT AS BIG AS IT LOOKS ON LINE AND ON THE BOX . I BOUGHT THIS LAST SUMMER AND I AM NOT EVEN GOING TO BOTHER PUTTING IT UP AGAIN , SO IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY . I WILL BE BUYING MY KIDS SOMETHING MORE PRACTICAL /
 this was fun at first but on the day it came great but the company is bad because the pipe on the robo dad broke off and then the next day the robo dad 's feet broke off and the robo mom 's head broke off
 My daughter is a huge fan of the Bratz and really wanted this item . The first one we bought did n't work at all and we had to return it . The second one we bought worked but only and only if the radio was playing and she was standing pretty close to it .
 Fun toy , some of the food looks pretty real , and some just looks like a pile of goo . Cute little basket.But a BIG warning to all parents out there . The strawberries are wedge/pyramid shaped and sized * just * right so that a child can shove it into their mouth small point first , and it will get horribly stuck there with no way to take it out , potentially choking the child . DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD PLAY WITH THE STRAWBERRIES if they have a tendency to put things in their mouth.The rest of the toy is n't bad , so if you just throw away the strawberries , it 's just fine and fun to play with .
 I do n't care for the clock part . At night , the screen does not stay light up so you ca n't see what time it is . It only lights up when you pick up the receiver of the phone or touch a button on the clock .
 This is suppose to be a Wal Mart Exclusive . It 's a boring doll , what 's so special about it ? There too many Zodiac dolls to keep up with . I mean , It 's just a doll with a dress with some sign on it . All the Zodiac dolls are basically clones -LRB- except for the colour of the skin , hair , and dress -RRB- That 's it ! It 's just boring . I do n't think it 's even a Barbie collector at all . It think it 's just a barbie that you take out of the box and play with . BORING !
 While the idea of the Turbo Twist Spelling is great , we purchased it with the Mind Station so that we could set it up weekly with our daughter 's spelling list . Then the problems began , I am now in the fourth call with technical support , over an hour so far among the three calls . There is apparently an unresolved problem in using the Mind Station with a cable modem and perhaps other parameters of my system . I have used the Mind Station with a dial-up connection on someone else 's system and it worked fine . The problem has been turned over to engineering but I have yet to hear from them.My conclusion - as a stand-alone Turbo Twist Spelling is okay but lacks the customization that really connects it with the child 's school environment . If you have a dial-up connection that you can use for the Mind Station , you will probably be satisfied . If , however , you have a cable modem connection , you may be in for nothing but frustration .
 When the chest arrived the bottom right corner was broken . There we no broken pieces in the box so it must have been broken before it shipped . Due to the urgency of the timing of when I needed to use the chest , I had no choice to to use the broke chest . I was disappointed .
 I have trouble with these staying on her feet and she pulls them off almost instantly .
 The instructions are not in English and are very vague and are not labeled well .
 We loved the kick and drive gym , so we wanted to find another toy our sons could kick and watch lights and hear music . Unfortunately , they were n't able to see the lights when lying on their backs . They did n't really like this toy .
 I expected an easy to kick toy for the crib so my son could work out his leg muscles and learn cause and effect . This was not the answer . It was n't high enough for him to kick and he lost interest . The music was mediocre and he just did n't like it . I feel like this was a waste of money .
 This toy was never a hit with my baby , and even now when she is two she never ever played with it . Sometimes she enjoyed listening to the tunes but you can get that from any other music instrument . The fact that the lights are ABOVE the key boards was confusing to her when she was little and she kept pushing the lights , which of course produced nothing . Also , the elephant sound scared her . I would not buy it . It also started to make funny sounds after a while - not durable .
 I loved this product . My infant loved it too . Then came the day it stopped working and back it went .
 This is a very cute toy , but the skimpy strings you have to use to attach it to the crib are awful . The piano constantly slides down and crumples up between the mattress and crib rails . It 's a much better toy when used for tummy time .
 My son loves muscic so I bought this for him , but he really does n't use it that much . He 'll only play with it for a short while .
 This seemed to be a hot item on the market when our daughter was born in 2000 . We received 3 and kept 1 . She never was a child who liked to play in her crib and never actually used this toy . When we left the toy mounted in her crib turned off at night , it would rattle when she rolled and would wake her . We tried it on the floor numerous times , but it never interested her in the least . She was much more into the xylophone pianos instead .
 I received this as a shower gift and of course put it into the crib right away . I could n't wait for my daughter to use it . What a disappointment . Every day would pass and I would wonder that if she got just a little bit older , would she play with it ? I have since taken it out the crib and she did play with it a few times on the floor . There are much better toys out there . Maybe I just did n't leave her in her crib as long as others do with their children . Who knows if she got bored enough she may have played with it .
 the kick n learn piano wasnt everything i thought it would be . you could barely hear the music .
 My 6 month old looses interest in this easier than in other toys he has . Not real impressed by this toy .
 When I bought this for my son I thought it would be a great toy . However , it worked for one day and then never turned on again . I changed the batteries , fooled with the settings and it never turned on again . We finally just threw it away .
 I bought this before my son was born and attached it to the end of his crib like in the picture . He would kick it randomly from birth but never understood it was his kicking that did it and he could n't see the piano to see the lights . I only turned it on a few times and then soon the first mode was broken and would n't work at all . It just makes a continous clicking sound . Then I tried using it on the floor for tummy time and he 'd get tired of it very quickly . I tried it again when he learned to sit up and he still could n't care less . I also think the sound quality is very poor and some of the animal sounds do n't even sound like the animal they are , especially the bear . A lot of today 's toys have very clear sounds to them and this one just does n't compare . I love Fisher Price and most of their other products , this one was just a dud . I wish I had n't bought it before he was born because by the time I realized he hated it , it was way too late to return it .
 I thought this would be a great toy for our baby . I love Fisher Price toys and so far , every FP toy we 've had worked beautifully . I honestly have no idea why our son did not like this toy . I thought it seemed like a great idea.We bought it for him when he was about 3 months old , and it just startled him . He never took to it.At about 10 months or so he liked to use it more like a piano , but even this was short lived.I will try it again with baby # 2 . I 'm sure it is a great toy for many babies -LRB- obviously , especially when you read the reviews , which is what I did before I purchased the toy -RRB- . For both myself and my friend , we did n't find it useful . Neither one of our sons took to it at all.My son liked bright lights and music later on , and never much as an infant so my best guess is that it over stimulated him in the early months . Now he ca n't get enough of noise , buttons , and music !
 My little girl did n't show much interest in kicking this at all . I think the lights scared her a little . Now that she 's over a year old she 's more interested in it . We recently pulled it out of the closet , so it 's like a new toy . It holds her attention for a few minutes , just like all her other toys : -RRB-
 It is too hard for babies to see/reach . It is good on the floor to use with their hands after they are older but I do n't think the `` kick ' concept works .
 My son has the Kick and play however , it 's a bit difficult for him to see what 's happening when he kicks it . All he knows is that noise is coming out from below his feet .
 I had bought this for my son and he never played with it . I attached it to the crib like it was shown in the picture . My son just never kicked it . So I took it out of the crib and thought I would use it on the floor with him . He still had no interest in it . For me , waste of money . I ended up giving it to a friend in need of some toys . Hopefully her baby will like it .
 this toy is still in my sons crib , but he does not ever play with it , it just sits there . i put it there because i thought mayber he would play with it in the mourning when he wakes up , but he does n'tkind of a waste of money , i think i 'm the only one who has even touched all the keys and played with it more than 15seconds
 As this toy looked very cute , we were excited to receive it as a gift . Unfortunately , our son does not like it . He is a very active Nine month old , who seems interested in most everything . The only time I 've seen him play with it is when he used his hands . From a lying down position , I do n't know if he can see it very well .
 I was eager to expose my son -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- to this toy , especially the piano function . But with it attached to the crib wall , he showed very little interest in the toy ; from the lying-down position , he ca n't see the toy at all and it therefore did not hold his attention . The Kick & Play gym was much more successful for us . Now that he 's older -LRB- 8 months -RRB- , I have been trying the piano on the floor for tummy time , and he similarly shows no interest . I would not recommend this toy .
 I got this for my 6 month old son for christmas and he does not like it ... never plays with it . Do n't waste your money on this one ...
 The circular plastic/paper band that maintains its shape breaks all too easily . Still works passably but not like the video demonstrations .
 I am dissapointed with the material used on this device . It seems too lightweight for an object that is going to be thrown around a yard , and shortly after we began using it , my concerns were validated as the fabric tore in several spots , and the cardboard ` circle ' began to lose its shape . On the positive side , it is easy to toss and has a good trajectory .
 Bought this based on a whim based the good reviews for my 7 year old boy & I to play.The good
 I ordered this and had it direct-shipped it as a gift to my grandchildren in another state . I had no idea that it was just a bare airframe with no motor or radio control system . In other words it is worthless to them as is , and if we were to keep it there is an unknown amount of additional expense and assembly required to make it fly .
 When you use initials -LRB- N.P.S. -RRB- to describe something ... . you should define what those initials mean as well -LRB- No Power System -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!!! I dont know anything about `` building '' a remote control airplane and never would have purchased this product had I known that it did n't come with a motor or a remote control . Now I have to spend hundreds of dollars to `` build '' this plane for use , and I have to pay someone to build it . This was intended for my 12 year old to fly . I would NEVER have purchased a ready-to-use remote control airplane that cost hundreds of dollars for my 12 year old to play with . Next time you write a description of a product , SPELL IT OUT !!!!!! I believe this was false advertisement and I wo n't ever buy a product that only has initials in the description again .
 my daughter had fun making it and the instructions are easy to use but the stone cracked within a few days of making it ; very disappointing .
 I ordered this product by site . Tryning to find a model of the Sidecar Motorcycle -LRB- that Ethel and Fred drove in a `` I LOVE LUCY '' epsoide . The picture had me jumping for joy to find . Got this Hug sized packing and inside was the strangest thang to me a tiny litte motorcyle -LRB- like the size of a earing piece -RRB- unpainted and so little no detail to be shown . So litte would even stand up , so littel this is danger to be around children -LRB- the size of a jellybean -RRB- Refund refund refund plz ...
 This product is an unassembled , unpainted lead casting that does not resemble the picture . There is no mention of this in the product description .
 Picture misleads into something you are not expecting to see , the product is an unassembled , unpainted and does not resemble the picture at all . I felt very disapointed with it , wasted my money ...
 Bought this wooden set thinking I would be able to add Thomas Series of train engines , since the previous review said it was compatible . The set arrived with its own little red wooden train engine and coach , linked via magnets . The set is easy to assemble , but there are lots of loose gaps between the track pieces where they align with each other , causing the pieces to drift out of alignment . This causes the train to derail -LRB- come off the track -RRB- frequently . My little daughter was left wondering why the train never gets any further than one single piece of track segment.Besides trying to realign them every time the train runs on the flat track , the train set also derails as you are climbing up the bridge -LRB- in fact , the front wheels of the engine go up in the air as you are pushing the engine up the incline when you are just beyond halfway through the upward incline - in other words the slope of the bridge was n't constructed properly -RRB- . So the child is expected to hold on to the engine and the coach with both hands to prevent it from derailing while going up the bridge.The next thing I tried was with the standard Thomas Engine sets to see if any of these problems would be solved . I bought a set each of Thomas and Percy engines and coaches and then tried running them on this track set . The same problems of frequent derailing persisted -LRB- over the bridge and over the track joints -RRB- . So my overall impression is that its a very poorly designed set , which teaches the child more about accidents and derailing of trains , rather than how trains should run smoothly!So I would n't recommend wasting money on this one and just spend a little extra for a good quality train set . You get what you pay for !
 The train does n't fit under the tunnel ... need I say more ? The track itself is n't to bad , but the fact that you ca n't use the train it came with on the tracks makes it useless .
 i was so excited to get this set for my children - opened it up for christmas for them and there are missing pieces ! the quality of the railroad is very nice , just wish i got all the pieces in the box because now we can not play with it . also , the magnets dont keep the trains together llike advertised .
 We bough this set because my wife love the hand painted blocks . However this not compatible with Thomas & Friends train sets . The trains do fit under the bridge . Also one of the magnet 's on the supplied train does not work and so our child can not pull carriages with the train . Also the wheels on the train are flimsy indeed . To make matters worse not all the track pieces where lining up . But to save a few mm 's on the bridge to save money . What a shocker !
 I love these sets . I remember playing with one -LRB- Brio -RRB- that I had when I was little , and so I was thrilled when a friend of mine got one for my son . I was soon disappointed , however to find that for my set , the train does not fit under the bridge . Or , I should say , it does n't unless the straight track is positioned exactly in the middle of the arch . The way these pieces wiggle around , it 's tricky to keep the tracks in that perfect position , so the train comes down the bridge , around the turn , hits the bridge and comes to a dead stop . Very disappointing . I do n't see other people commenting about this problem , so I suspect it 's just my particular set . It might be something you 'd like to check , though , when it arrives at your door .
 We placed the order over a week ago but it says it still has not been shipped ? Please let me know why and when it is going to ship . . Thanks
 While a great idea , this toy proved to be a huge let down in my house . With 3 little boys the fort did not stand a chance ! The toy is made up of `` pool noodles '' that snap in together & as you can imagine , they are as unsteady as spaghetti . The fort barely is able to stay in one place ... I do not recommend it for little kids at all , they are too active & do n't understand how fragile a fort made of pool noodles actually is .
 I got this for my son and we put together a fort , it collapsed the next hour due to unstability . It is not worth -LSB- ... -RSB- , much less over -LSB- ... -RSB- . The poles he enjoys playin with hitting things and the covers as capes , but that 's about all . You can use sheets and foamwater tubes for that .
 We bought this for our 5 and 21/2 year old for Christmas . After months of having my sofa and outdoor furniture cushions being used as walls of forts , I was very excited to have this set in the house . I was extremely disappointed once the box was open . I found putting the pieces together difficult due to the instability of the structures . When put together it is not very sturdy at all . I would have been happier with more pieces to stabilize the vertical supports or better yet , PVC tubing to build the structure . Less flexibility but more support would have suited my purpose fine . This will most likely be tossed in the garbage . With a company like Cranium I would have thought they would have been able to deliver a better product than this . They are on the right track . My kids are starved for a set to build `` forts '' with . I guess my cushions will have to suffice for now .
 My kids were very excited when I started setting this up , but it has such poor structural integrity that the second my kids got into the fort , it fell apart . It was difficult keeping it upright just putting it together . Furthermore , the foam core bars have metal on the tips -LRB- to click into the magnetic connectors -RRB- so when the kids start hitting each other with them , they can do serious damage . Obviously , I would suggest something else .
 Okay , we 've had this toy for 11/2 years now and the kids , now 4 and 6 , LOVE it ! It IS a house favorite BUT I 've had to continually put it away for several reasons . First , my little one was 2 when we first got it and he kept taking bites out of the foam . -LRB- He was under the recommended age range - my fault . -RRB- We put it away for a few months , then took it back out on a rainy day . No more biting , but my oldest , then 5 , started trying to bend the supports too far and broke several of them , -LRB- the plastic rod that runs under the foam padding will break if bent too far -RRB- . So , we put it away for a few months and then brought it out one snowy day . They played with it appropriately for almost 15 minutes this time ! And then started the sword fighting with the foam supports . THIS is where the real problems started . Each foam support has a small magnetic connector at the end . We , again , put the toy away after I spackled the dozen or so connector-sized holes in my wall . I had n't brought it out again for fear of what those connectors might do to someone 's head - if it connected just right . My youngest , now 4 , today found the toy and whacked my oldest with it before I even realized he had it out ! My oldest , 6 , has a magnetic-connector sized hole in his forehead . Please note , the injury was not severe and did not need stiches , but if you have active young boys , you might want to keep looking for a better fort-building set . Big blankets over the couch held by stacks of books works GREAT !
 I already had a Invent A Tent that my kids have loved . So when I saw the cranium fort I had to buy it as well . While the concept is the same , the cranium is not as good . The Invent A Tent is a lot bigger and has enough material to cover any fort built . The Cranium tent is a lot smaller , not as kid friendly and I found that the material only covers about half of the forts when built . -LRB- Most of the pictures of the cranium fort are not covered in the back where you ca n't see -RRB- Anyhow , I think it is a great concept , the Inventatent is just a lot better .
 Very , very disappointed with this product . I was expecting something much sturdier . It can barely stand on it 's own and when you add my three year old daughter to the mix , forget it . The fort does n't stand a chance . I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my daughter and it is the WORST toy she got for x-mas ! If you 're looking for something your kids can play with and have fun with do not buy this product . I would suggest getting a regular pop-up tent used for camping , it will be much sturdier and will withstand an active child . I expected more from a company such as Cranium .
 This is just an example of someone taking a timeless , classic idea like fort building and making it flashy and plastic . I have a toydle fort as well and the toydle fort is bigger , stronger , and better . And it really is just regular pipe and wood blocks as connectors . It has sort of a nostalgic feel to it . Cranium fort is smaller , feels cheaper , and does n't give the same classic feel as a real indoor fort . Do n't by the cranium fort when you can the same , if not less , on something way bigger and better .
 We bought this for our son for Christmas this year based on glowing reviews . What a disappointment ! The `` musical instruments '' are basically glorified rattles that all sound basically the same , the song the drum plays is tinny , scratchy , and short , and nothing seems very well made . I at least expected the different instruments to sound different from one another.On the plus side , it is cute , and the lobster has a pretty wind chime like sound .
 I bought this set for my 8 month old that loves to bang and drum on everything ... except this toy . It does n't do anything what so ever . There is very little stimulation and frankly , i still ca n't figure out the point of the main drum that is covered with plastic that does n't make any noice . Do n't bother with this one unless your baby needs something to chew on !
 This toy was voted as toy of the year , in `` Parents '' magazine . I ca n't believe it . The penquins do n't even stand up on their own . And if you do happen to get them to stand up just looking at them the wrong way will make them fall down . I am so disappointed . This toy was n't cheap either . I ca n't believe what a rip off it was .
 was decieved on size i was told it was ho scale it was not it was more like n scale
 Just not a great model . One I ordered an HO scale and got a N scale . Still will works but the pieces just did n't quite fit right and its not painted . All this being said not the sellers fault , but more on the manufacture . Of course shipping the right size would have been nice . Over all not bad but could be improved
 The item description states that this item is about 4 x 5 inches . In reality the width is more lik 1.5 '' and the heigh is closer to 2 '' . Maybe people who work with models more would know this , but I did n't - it also does not come painted white . It comes in a solid silver metalic color .
 My daughter received this for her birthday last year . It seemed perfect for her pink room and light use . It has been 14 months and the bulb is going out . I would recommend buying a brand name television that will last and skip the cutsey . Very dissapointing .
 A great idea , but not well implemented . In mine , there is enough friction in the joints that the motion quickly slows and stops . The expected chaotic motion is barely , briefly present ; the motion is n't very interesting.I 'm an old-timer and have n't tried this out on a youngster , but I would n't expect it to hold their interest . On the other hand , I have found the ROMP pendulum to be fascinating to play with , even after much use . Both toys aim to illustrate the same chaotic motion principle .
 We have game night every Sunday night and , based on the reviews , I decided to try out Tribond on the family . There are 6 of us , ages 16 t0 60 . We are a smart bunch , but the game hugely favored players with the greatest general knowledge . Two players knew the answers to probably 95 % of the questions . The other 4 knew almost no answers . There did n't appear to be a strategy to figuring out the answer either - you either knew it or did n't . So ... . we 're going back to playing BS , Loaded Questions , Apples to Apples , Charades . We 'll save Tribond for a night when the two brainy folks want to play against each other .
 I bought this guitar as a gift . When I pickrd it up from the post office I got charged another $ 27 . They told me it was because the sender did not pay the fupl shipping for the weight of the item . It did not come with a tuner . It also only has one notch for the strap so you ca n't even attach it on both sides . Useless .
 So i was so excited to get my guitar ... Its nice and all but i never got my careying bag or accessories . . Like really ?! But u get wat u pay for obviously
 I bought the guitar and accessories for my 11 year old girl for Christmas . Got the guitar but no carry bag nor accessories . Then the guitar has a terrible paint job where the paint had run on it and there is a dent on the side of the guitar . Next the strings were so loose they were about to come off . It should have been shipped in ready to play condition.I contacted customer service and they agreed to ship what they owed me and offered me a reimbursement of $ 3 for my time and aggravation . Really ? terrible product , horrible company to deal with . Do not by from these people .
 Mine came without the case or strap ! I gave it as a gift and did n't want to point out what was missing when they opened it otherwise I would have returned it . Not cool .
 Paid little for this gun . Shot it four times and the trigger broke . Made in China says it all ! I would say look for something that costs a little more money . You always get what you pay for when it comes to buying Made in China .
 The kit has a lot of problems and I do not recommend buying it . To start with , the instructions cut a lot of corners making you frequently refer to the photos of the aircraft on the internet since the box art does not help.The intake fits together very badly . I had to cut & sand quite a lot and tack glue pieces together . Some things -LRB- like the tail fin -RRB- feel like they have been hacked into pieces just to give you more to do instead of give you the feeling that you are putting something together . The main & tail wings are inserted horizontally into the fuselage meaning you must use a protractor to have both wings exactly parallel to the ground . You must keep checking the wing 's angle as the glue sets.Also , do not try to fix the kit in a flying position as the doors will not shut without sanding . This is the first kit I have ever had this problem with as others are designed to allow you to choose either wheels up or down.The missiles have very little detail & definition and when fixing them to their mounts , there is a a lot of play , making it hard to align both sides symmetrically . The same thing applies to the mounts themselves & the drop tanks.The reason I gave it 2 instead of 1 is because I got it generously discounted . Had I paid full price for this , it would have gotten a 1 .
 Hot Wire Replacements without the connectors ... get real . I ordered replacements for an Uchida Hot Wire Foam Cutter , but they came w/out the end connectores . Again not worth the money !
 I got this oy for my daughter thinking she will learn something from the toy and also spend some time . However , I was not very impressed by the toy , because it is not an educational toy . My daughter also tossed it away . I am very disappointed . .
 bought this for 31/2 year old son who really wanted it . for $ 75 at a toy store . does n't come with a person . or tools . and does n't do much . he was bored with it after an hour . also , its pretty flimsy plastic . you 'd think a german made product that costs that much would be better made . I 'm going to do playmobil and legos next time . more durable . get more stuff with it .
 Purchased the Bruder Caterpillar excavator for my 4 + year old grandson -LRB- who ca n't get enough of construction -RRB- . Did read a few earlier reviews by others re
 The ad for this toy showed the child sitting on it and digging in a dirt pile . I was quite disappointed when I first saw this toy as there is no way my 2 year old god son could sit on this toy . I decided to give it to him anyway . He seemed to still enjoy it .
 Do not plan to use this or any Bruder toy in dirt or sand - Tonka trucks of my youth they are not .
 First and foremost , the User Experience video that Bruder uses to promote this toy will set false expectations for the consumer . For example , Bruder USA shows this Excavator going down hill in the sand . Its actually a wooden ramp hidden by sand and a cleaver low camera angle . Bottom line , this is not a sand toy by any stretch of the imagination . In fact , at the Bruder USA website , they correctly position this as an `` indoor toy '' . So why they promote this way is beyond me.The Tractor Belts are difficult to turn and if they get sand in them , the hard plastic belts lockup and then slides when pushing it across the sand making for a poor user experience . It 's a shame Bruder did not use the rubber belts similar to the ones used on the Bruder Caterpillar Buldozer where the belts actually work in the sand . The engineer who designed this plastic belt , the product manager and video marketing manager should loose their jobs because this lame design and false expectation . The Excavator also comes with 20 or so individual little rubber inserts to aid the hard plastic tractor belts to stick to slick indoor surfaces . These inserts do not stay in the belts , get loose , get lost , and could become a hazard to smaller children ; more reason to switch the design to a rubber belt.The video also shows the product rotating with ease . This is somewhat misleading as well . It does swivel nicely when its not in the locked forward position and if the toy has never been exposed to sand . However , the forward position locks into a rut . To push it out takes three hands . Because the product is so light due to the plastic materials , the excavator would rather slide sideways in the sand than to swivel out of the rut and turn as it should . If any sand gets into this swivel area , it becomes real gritty , further impeding the ability to rotate the excavator.As for the Shovel , we used it once in dry , loose , white sand at our local park 's sand box . Because of the product 's poor design , the Shovel arm has practically no leverage nor sufficient weight behind it . So it is incapable of easily scooping up sand without putting your hand directly on the shovel . Again the Bruder Video demonstrating this capability used crafty video editing by only showing an already fully loaded shovel full of sand starting the video at the tale end of the scooping process . Again , deceptive marketing to misleading the consumer user experience with false expectations . This is critical when considering this is the primary function of the toy . Bruder does not show the product actually scooping up sand because the product is pretty much incapable of doing it with ease . The handle on the arm does a good job managing the scoop once dirt is in it , but its incapable of scooping up dirt as easily as the expectation they attempted to demonstrate . In a real user experience , one hand will be on the handle , another directly the other on the shovel to help it dig , and a third hand to help manage the excavator rotation if its locked in the forward position.The last negative is just a small gripe . The engine hood has a very small clip lock to keep it shut . Its too small and will not keep the hood closed.MY RECOMMENDATION TO THE CONSUMER is to buy the Bruder Liebherr Articulated Road Loader L574 . This has large wheels instead of a belt . It is the only Bruder Loader that turns and turns very well . The shovel leavers are designed and perform exceptionally well . Its size ratio matches the Bruder Dump Truck perfectly at 1:16 ratio . So the Articulated Road Loader is perfectly matched to scoop up and dispense sand into the Bruder Dump Truck for a most excellent creative play user experience.I have a 5 year old son who loves to play with construction sand toys . Essentially , he claims the Excavator is worthless . So much so , he asked me to return this birthday present ; that 's how really bad his experience was with the Excavator . But my son absolutely loves the Bruder Articulated Road Loader to get the same job done right . So go to that page and get the BRUDER ARTICULATED ROAD LOADER L574 & the BRUDER DUMP TRUCK 1:16 ratio . Again , this is the only one of three Bruder Loader that turns ; the others just go straight for a less than exceptional user experience.Now if your child has no intentions using this Excavator in the sand and play exclusively indoors with it , then this Excavator is an OK product for the price , but you still have the rotation and potential safety issues.MY FEEDBACK TO BRUDER & BRUDER USA is most of all be honest with your product capabilities in these videos and try not to set false expectations with the user experience ; your integrity is seriously damaged with me . Redesign the Plastic Tractor Belts and inserts using RUBBER Belts , put a double leaver directly on the shovel to aid in the scooping/digging process -LRB- remember this is the primary function of the toy regardless of cost -RRB- , eliminate or greatly minimize the swivel lock and get a more functional lock on the hood . Wish you still sold metal sand toys too , but I understand the multiple reasons why this is no longer practical .
 Nice looking excavator but very expensive and not durable enough for young children . My friends two year old loved it out of the box but I knew it would n't be long before it was broken . I think it took less than 24 hours before the arm was broken . Cool design but just not nearly durable enough . At least he can still run around with the arm and turn lights on and off !
 I returned this item . It 's made out of plastic , and it will never last being tossed around in the sandbox . It would be a waste of money to buy this .
 Bought this toy for my 4 year old son . I was hoping for a very high quality toy that can last longer for the price . But , this is somewhat flimsy plastic toy . He just had for a month and already broke the bucket control lever . Unless kids playing with this toy is very gentle in handling the controls , it will not last longer .
 My 4 year-old son got this last year for Christmas . He really loves equipment . This toy is not meant to be played with . It would be a fine shelf resident . He really enjoyed playing it , but it just was n't durable . The tracks broke and fell off , and the bottom separated from the bottom . My son is not particularly hard on toys .
 I bought this for our 3yo son who loves heavy equipment and digging in the dirt . This is a cool toy as far as being a pretty good replica of a real one but it does not work well in dirt or sand . Fine sediment gets caught in tracks and after a short amount of time , the tracks quit turning . Then the handles on the arm do not move the bucket well . My son has since ripped off the tracks and does not do any digging with it but still enjoys pushing it around . Do n't buy this if you want your kid to actually dig dirt , it would be good inside toy or outside but away from dirt or sand . But , I think it was intended for playing in these areas , so the rig is not that well designed .
 My son is obssesed with excavators and if ever there was one made out of durable material it would be great fun for the kids . But I can not find one that will actually dig up dirt . I like that this one did n't have batteries or sounds , but unfortunately it also did n't have any durability either . The little hinge that makes the arm work broke within three days of use . Bummer .
 too much plastic and flimsy for the price , doubt it will last long with a 7 year old boy . not happy
 The installer -LRB- CarToys , so he knew what he was doing ! -RRB- had to fiddle with this a LOT to make it fit my 95 Olds Achieva , for which the website claims it is a fit . But that 's not the funny part!The plastic cover , which is supposed to fit over the blank space created by a smaller stereo in a big space , did not even fit the space in THEIR OWN FRAME ! It should just snap in , but even if it had fit -LRB- it was too large -RRB- there was no way to secure it ! The guy said I 'd have to file it down to make it fit so , while I 'm enjoying the sound of my stereo very much , there 's an ugly open hole right above it ! I guess you 'll have to spend a little more if you want something that actually fits !
 I bought this for my daughter 's 6th birthday . We have had this CD player for less than 6 months . She loved it at first . Now it has stopped working . I was never dropped or anything like that . We tried changing batteries so many times , but to no avail . It does not work anymore ... how disappointing !
 I bought this from Toys R Us for our 9 year-old daughter for Christmas . It worked two days . We 've replaced batteries . Every once in a while it will work for about 30 seconds , then will shut off completely . The CD 's inside will continue to spin and never play . We 've tried several CD 's . I would n't recommend this product .
 When paying $ 60 for a set , you expect that the quality is going to be decent . This set is J-U-N-K !!! The cardboard box that you assemble is flimsy , and immensely difficult to assemble as it is continuously falling apart . This box is a big part of your tricks , so without it , most are pointless . After 1/2 an hour , my daughter who was thrilled to get it just wanted to return it . We bought it at a locally owned toy shop that has a no returns policy , so looks like it was $ 60 wasted .
 Piece of junk ! Ca n't read the '' excuses '' . VERY SLOW SHIP , was told that it was lost in the warehouse .
 Good concept , poor execution . Had a `` Magic 8 Ball '' as a kid and loved it . This one could be a fun product , but frankly , all the `` excuses '' were just illegible . You just could not read them . Seller was great and offered a refund , but the product was useless . In this case , there just is no excuse -LRB- literally -RRB- . Save your money .
 I 've had this chair for 2 months now . It broke after the first month . Contacted KidKraft and customer service was good and sent me replacement parts . However , when the replacement parts arrived , part of the hardware was defective and I could not reassemble the chair . Contacted KidKraft again and they sent a hardware packet ... of the wrong parts . I was able to reassemble the chair cobbling together hardware from the broken parts and the new hardware . However , I was forced to remove the defective hardware part and that area remains unsupported with no hardware at all in the chair . I hope that it is okay enough to last through baby 's first year . If I had to do over again , I would drive for an hour to buy Amish .
 The hair was made of inferior material which will friz when combed . Would not have bought if seen .
 This tea set is very cute , but it 's very small . -LRB- Tiny -RRB- I was very angry when i opened the box ! there was the tea set in a million peices !! some one did n't do there job right ! They just put a open package , that holds the tea set , in a box with out any packageing , so by the time I got it , it was all broken . .
 I bought two of these , one for a birthday present for a friend 's kid , and one for my own son . The first one out of the box had issues with one of the wheels not turning , so I set it aside to test the second which seemed to operate okay . Good thing I test toys before I give them as gifts ! Wrapped the second one up and have n't heard any news from my friend . However , we were able to fix the first one because the cheap Chinese plastic/rubbery wheels were easy to remove and shave off some excess material that was keeping the wheel from turning . Good thing I 'm handy . We have tried this car many tmes in the water and continue to be disappointed . It barely moves in the water and if any current or wave catches it , the vehicle is a goner . On land it 's okay on smooth ground , but can not even run on grass or make it over the smallest obstacle . I will give it an A + for durability because we have put this car to the test with mud and water and it is still running .
 The wheels would only work on one side of the car . Apparently trying to be prepared for my little ones birthday was not the smart idea either because there is only a 30 day return policy and I just missed it , so now my son gets to play with a car that only goes in circles . I was so excited to get it , but ended up not working .
 The product is bright , colorful , and fun for little boys and girls . However , the balls in the set are made of PVC . They smell unbelievably horrible . And the smell transferred to other items . I had to wash everything thoroughly with soap and throw away the balls . The smell made me sick . Without the balls , it made a great product . The shapes and scrubbies are BpA-free , PVC - free , phthalate-free .
 I took this away from my child today because he was chewing on one of the scrunchy things -LRB- for washing , some kind of fine woven nylon -RRB- and the fabric was coming apart , creating fine strands that he could have swallowed -LRB- and he only has 4 bottom teeth . I then tested the foam pieces and was able easily to bite off a little chunk.These are attractive toys , but I 'm not sure they 're safe for kids who like to chew .
 I received this item in March 2011 . As soon as I opened the package I could smell a very strong chemical-like smell that seemed to have permeated all of the contents . The smell reminded me a bit of a varnish-y type of smell , and was so strong that I could not imagine being able to wash it off . I returned this item as the scent was so strong that I was not comfortable giving it to my 14 month old to use in the bath . The designer applique aspect of these toys only warrants it getting a rating of the -LRB- required -RRB- one star in my opinion , as the smell makes them unusable .
 I really wanted to love these based on all of the wonderful reviews , but I did n't I also thought Boon stated this problem was fixed , but it 's not . The smell was awful and I knew these would make it to my son 's mouth and I did n't know what kind of chemicals could be on there . Oh well , maybe someday they will just sell the foam pieces alone . . then I 'll get them!Since you have to give a star , I 'd say that star is for Amazon 's customer service and really easy return policy . This is the first thing I 've ever returned , so I did n't know what to expect and it was more than pleasant !
 I 'm so disappointed because I purposefully bought these toys as they claim to be mold free . Well , six months after buying them , they have little black spots ALL over them and they do n't come off . Otherwise , loads of fun . So sad .
 We have a number of plastic boon bath toys and really like them . They are stylish and fun and more importantly are all BPA , pthalate , and PVC free.However , these foam shapes emitted such an awful chemical smell when I opened the package , that I could not convince myself that they are truly non-toxic and safe for small kids to play with - especially in the bath tub where warm water may accelerate leaching out of chemicals.Perhaps the smell fades over time or can be washed out , but I wasnt interested in finding out.One other side note - The balls that come with this product are not made out of silicone as stated in the product description . They used to be made out of PVC but are now made out of EVA plastic -LRB- according to Boon customer service -RRB- .
 My daughter was very disappointed . The blaster would not work as described . The markers were low on ink and did not color well .
 My daughter got a box as a gift recently and both my 5 and 8 year olds love it . However , there is a very unpleasant smell that permeates the room when they use the pens . As much as they seem to be having such great fun , both my wife and I decided to trash the pens . The fumes make me nauseous and I worry about any toxic effects on my kids .
 I must admit I had no idea what they were , but my daughter wanted them.I was disappointed that all you do is basically rub the pins together to get another color . This color did not last long so you had to keep doing that little process to get the colors to blend . My daughter who is 7 lost interest quickly . She uses them like regular markers . I could have paid 5 dollars for a new pack of markers . As for the material to use them on , she used them all in a couple of hours .
 Bought three different kits , small to amuse the grandkids when they visit , medium to keep handy for next needed gift occasion . and El Grande for a X-Mas gift for the kids . The pens looked great on TV but did n't work at all when we tried to use them . Dried out too quickly , never mixed the colors so was a very huge dollar amount for low quality markers . Also , did n't notice small print that the El Grande kit MIGHT come in a brown cardboard box -- IT DID , I bet all El Grande kits came that way . Looked terrible !
 I am a 9-year-old girl . I got these when I was 8 . They do not work at all . Once you blend them , they are brown forever . All your pictures are brown . All you do is push them together . You could do that with any markers . I wish we had n't bought them . They were a big waste of money and used up part of my Christmas gifts .
 The Blendy Pens are hard for my 6 and 7 year old girls to use . You have to twist the markers in opposite directions in the `` chamber '' in order for the colors to touch each other and blend onto the opposite color marker . I guess we did n't understand how the product worked , and were quite disappointed because we could n't create the same kind of effects shown on the advertisements .
 Blendy pens were the # 1 item on my 6yr old grandsons wish list.I was so excited to be the one to give them to him this christmas . What a disapointment ! They DO NOT work at all as advertised . My grandson enjoys lot 's of different crafts and projects , and is very creative in using different mediums but these pens were impossible to use as anything more than markers.We were very dissapointed and I feel this was a waste of money . As always I was happy with the Amazon experience .
 The markers dried out too easily , the colors did not blend like the commercial indicated , very dissapointing to the kids !
 Ordered 13 sets of -LRB- 12 -RRB- as advertised ... received 13 individual pens . The advertisment said on sale for $ 5.46 -LRB- originally $ 34.99 84 % off -RRB- How could they be $ 34.99 each for a paint stick .
 When my son received this toy as a gift , we were initially delighted to have a battery-free toy that really was easy to put together . However , I had a feeling the Halfpipe Highway might not last , and sure enough , ours lasted for three days before breaking . The `` revving '' mechanism on one car broke completely , and it seems to have lost steam on the other car . I ca n't recommend this toy .
 My -LRB- 4 year old -RRB- son received this racetrack for Christmas and my initial opinion was , YEAH , no batteries needed . Unfortunately my joy was short-lived as the cars broke 2 days later . My son loves the racetrack and quickly figured out how to wind up the cars and place them in the correct slots on the track . The problem is after 2 days of not even what can be considered full time play , both cars stopped functioning and can not be wound enough to even go but a few inches . I placed a call to Playschool -LRB- Hasbro -RRB- , and they were very accommodating and will be sending replacement chassis for the cars within 3 weeks time -LRB- the warehouse is closed after the holiday for inventory -RRB- . I was told that additional cars are available for the set to purchase , and depending on the price and whether I can locate them at a retail store , may pick up 2 in the meantime . Overall my son enjoyed the set when it was functioning however for the price of the toy I expect it to last a bit longer than 2 days .
 My 31/2 yr old son was very disappointed by this toy . The cars only make it around the track once before rolling over and falling off the track . My wife tried to call the company support number and the people there barely spoke English and did not even know about this toy . This was a total waste of money . I do n't even fell right donating this junky toy to the Salvation Army .
 Before giving this toy to my 4 year old , I decided to put it together and test it out . After cranking up the two cars and placing them in their proper positions , the red car `` maybe '' made it around the track once before falling off the track , but the police car NEVER made it around the full track before falling off the track and sometimes the body of the car would come off the chassis . I found this toy very frustrating and returned it back to the store the next day . A one star rating is too good for this toy .
 The game info includes XP compatible , but not for the all the games . When you go to test the vehicle that you fixed up , the screen goes black and all you can see is your vehicle . There are a few other areas that do n't work all the way . My five-year old loves the game , but is very frustrated that he ca n't do everything . There is no technical support from anyone as the game is too old .
 When I ordered this I thought it would be awesome . But when it came it was the worst . The action moves that each character has are terrible and neither one worked for me . Plus boromir 's head turned the wrong way so he could n't even blow his horn . And lurtz 's arrows did n't shoot at alll , half of them did n't get out of the bow . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!!!! If I could have rated this a zero I would have .
 I totally agree with other reviewers about the size of this kitchen ; it simply is too small . It is so small that my 3-year-old girl has to sit on the floor to play with it . The quality of the toy is only medium at best , as I can see that it could easily be knocked over and trampled in seconds , plus the door to the oven can easily be pulled off . But my biggest objection to this toy is that it truly is for younger kids , I 'd say 14 months to 21/2 years at most . It has limited functions , and high boredom quotient . I can see that I will have to donate this to Goodwill in about 2 months because it really only has a few things it does and says ... repeatedly until you -LRB- the parent -RRB- are really annoyed with it . For kids 3 and up , I would definitely say to bypass this clunker and go with something like the Step 2 Lifestyle Dream kitchen ; for younger kids , the Little Tikes Discover Sounds Kitchen which is much sturdier and my child has played with endlessly .
 This is a great , durable kitchen for an infant . It is very small in size , but does a lot of talking . I needed something they could stand up and play with . This is not recommended for children who want interactive play in a kitchen .
 i was all set to buy my 2 year old this kitchen . i loved how it looked on amazon . however , i did n't take note of the size , and got a real shock when i went to the store ! its tiny ! i thought my daughte would be able to stand and play with it , but instead she would have to kneel . and even then , the kitchen would come up to her torso . if you 're looking to buy a play kitchen your child can play ` in ' , this is not the one for you . however , it is still a cute toy .
 Our daughter got this toy as a gift for christmas . It 's okay . She only plays with it for a little and really only likes the button on the microwave . But at age 3 -LRB- the minimum age for this toy !! -RRB- , she is much better off with a larger kitchen so she does n't have to squat down . Her imagination is also beyond this toy . I kinda find the toy annoying bc it goes on and on before stopping finally . The stickers already fell off and the cookies are small enough to entirely fit in the child 's mouth but too large to easily get out by a 3 yr old !! She ca n't swallow them but it was gagging her repeatedly until I was able to get it out of her mouth . Needless to say , we do n't use the cookies . But the others seem fine . All in all , I would recommend something else for a younger child like the Discovery Sounds Kitchen by Fisher Price , or something larger scale for an older child . Sorry .
 I asked for this toy for my kids for Christmas because I have two other Playskool `` like mommy 's '' toys . Mike the Mower , and Dusty the Vacuum . This looked GREAT on the shelf . I had a blast playing with it . When my then 2 year old and then 8 month old got it I was excited . As I write this they are 27 months and 13 months . Neither of them plays with this toy consistently , for very long , or every day . I will admit that the ages listed for this toy are 3-8 and my kids are n't that old , but my son mows with Mike and vacuum 's with Dusty every time I do , so I took the chance . Out of respect for the ages listed I will put the kitchen and Bobby Q in the closet for a few months and see if my son likes them better after he turns 3 !! Also , it is very small and both kids have to kneel to play with it , so it need to be on a shelf , and the pegs that are supposed to hold it upright constantly come off .
 My 5 , 4 , and 2 year old love this toy , but it breaks and falls apart too easily . The oven front and door to the microwave come off within 10 minutes of replacing them . Although my children love this toy , I would n't reccommend wasting money on such a defective product .
 My 5 year old son bought this toy with his birthday money . He loves Toy Story and was eager to have it . Based on the commercials he saw on TV , he expected to be able to use Buzz to imprison Zurg in the headquarters . Unfortunately , despite the prominent place Zurg has in the ads -LRB- and the fact that his picture appears on the toy box SIX times ! -RRB- , Zurg is not included . There is microscopic print advising as much on the box , which we did n't detect . Hasbro advises that they haved ceased manufacturing Zurg , so he 's unavailable . My son is very disappointed , as am I . We feel duped on this one .
 My 4-year old boy is just about Buzz Lightyear 's biggest fan . He loves all of his Buzz toys , and when this product came out around Christmas it was just about all that he asked for . But after opening it , sure he tried to play with it for a couple of days , but it kept falling apart , and without Zurg the whole thing is n't much fun . Also , on the commercial 's , they made it look like this toy was going to be huge , about the size of a 4-year old kid , so I cleared out a place in my boy 's room and everything ... after purchasing the toy and opening the box , it turns out to be about 8 inches tall . What a disappointment !!!
 Like many of the reveiwers mentioned , there is no Zurg included in this set . My son bought this toy with some of his birthday money from Toys R Us . Before we even left the store I read on the box that Zurg is not included , so we searched the entire store for a small zurg to go with the center . None was found , since then we have went to Kmart and Target , no Zurg to be found . IF you buy this toy be aware that you may not ever find your villian .
 No very impressed ... especially for 29.95 . Its small and comes with a couple small toys , For the price I was dissapointed .
 I ca n't rate a toy we never recieved . Well , It 's 2 days after shipment should have arrived and of course 3 days before Christmas . It was ordered on 8 Dec 05 . No excuses from anyone can make this better . Etoys ca n't track with Amazon Order # , there 's no surprise , and Amazon has not answered location of my money they withdrew on 8 Dec 05 either . I have loved ordering from Amazon/ToyRUS/Etoys but I 'm starting to question them . I 've ordered 3 times off from MYTWINN and have not had one problem . I sure hope someone else gets better service from this 3 ring CIRCUS .
 As per prior reviews , the steering wheel falls off immediately , so be prepared for this .
 I read the reviews and still bought 2 for my 2 year old twins despite the warnings of the infamous leak . They loved it and it got them comfortable in the pool BUT one leaked . So , I bought another one -LRB- never returned the broken one as I do n't have a lot of time to get to the post office these days -RRB- . This one has a leak too . If they ever fix it its a great toy but I am not buying my 4th ...
 I have purchase two of these this summer and my daughter never got to enjoy either one . Neither one would stay inflated from the word GO . Swim School has serious issues with quality control . It 's too bad because this boat is perfect , in theory , for a larger toddler .
 I purchased this product about 3 weeks ago and my daughter absolutely loves it . I , on the other hand , am a little disappointed . The steering wheel fell off about a week after I got it , although I did figure out how to get it back on and make it stay . When I received this product in the mail the wheel was very wobbly , but I just pushed it on as hard as I could once it fell off and it 's in there tightly now . Also , a hole has recently developed in the seam between the seat and the boat structure itself . I put a piece of duct tape over the hole and will be trying it out in the pool again tomorrow . Hopefully it will stay afloat ! The horn has also gone missing ... ca n't find it and I guess it just randomly fell off . Hm ? Anyhow , the one final thing is that you have to watch your child very closely in this boat . When my 2-year-old sits in it the front of the boat is higher than the back . One day she decided that she wanted to try and get out on her own and literally flipped backwards out of it . Luckily she did not hit her head on the bottom of the baby pool and I was able to grab her before any more damage was done . I have always kept a very close eye on her when she 's in it ... but these things can happen in the blink of an eye . Overall , I think that Aqua Leisure needs to redesign this product and apologize to anyone who has bought it .
 There are many swim products out there for toddlers , and based on this product being swim school rated , I can not understand it 's still on the market . We 'd had the level one version , which was great and had high expectations of this version . DO NOT BUY THIS . In brief
 This boat does not stay flat in the water as shown in the picture . Instead , the front popped out so high that my baby was almost lying on his back . I was n't able to have him in the pool and be hands-free at the same time . Instead , I had to forcibly hold the front of the boat down in order for it to float `` flat . '' In addition , the thing lost air in less than one day and never did stay inflated . Overall , it was a very disappointing product . I would NOT recommend this to anyone !
 I received this tube after searching for a while on the internet and reading its reviews . It had a hole in it before I even used it . My son -LRB- 21mths -RRB- has used it one time ! Luckily it was purchased at the end of the summer . In the meantime , I will have to find the hole to patch it up . Many other reviewers said the same about it having a hole but I was hoping to beat the odds ... I will never order from that manufacturer again !
 We saw a child at our community pool with this , and our son just had to have it . After waiting many months for it to be in stock , we finally bought it . The very first time we used it the ` horn ' in the steering wheel fell off and would not go back in , shortly after that the steering wheel fell off and now wo n't stay in . It 's just no fun without the steering wheel , so he does n't want to use it anymore .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . From the picture , I thought there were two dolls and a bed included , but all it includes are the two dolls , which are not worth the price . My daughter likes them , but just as much as any other small doll . I wish I kept looking around for something better than this and saved my money .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 We bought the entire Jardine Olympia , Lifetime crib and dresser/toy box set . We loved the looks of the furniture , but the quality is quite poor . The finish on the changing table / dresser is already coming off . Where we change our baby -LRB- who is only 3 months old -RRB- , the whole front of the dresser is chipping !! I ca n't believe it ! I contacted the manufacturer , and they said the finish is not warrantied . They 're not standing by their furniture . Also , the drawers , as several people have already said , are not quality made . They are difficult to open , and they shift when closing . The tracks are poorly constructed . The one good thing I have to say is the looks of the furniture is absolutely beautiful ... UNTIL YOU USE IT ! It wears quickly ! We expected to keep this furniture nice for a while , considering how much we paid for the set . I would never go Jardine again after dealing with them directly , and having no luck .
 We decided on this furniture because of the color and because we liked the design.We ordered the crib , changing table and chiff/armoire . The crib came fine -LRB- luckily -RRB- the changing table and chiff did not.As we were unpackaging the changing table we noticed it came scratched up on one corner . Since this piece of furniture is $ 399 , I refused to accept it scratched . Luckily , BRU said they would exchange out the piece . It is just a hassel to have to load up the changing table take it back to the store , etc. . The drawers do not slide with ease and the wood scratches very easily.As for the chiff , when we were unpackaging it , the door came off -LRB- it was supposed to be attached upon opening -RRB- . My husband attempted to reattach the door and we found that Jardine constructed it poorly and welded the screws incorrectly . I contacted BRU and the told me to contact Jardine . I did and they are now sending me out a new door , with screws , hinges etc. . This item was also $ 399 and you would think it would have been constructed better than this . This is another hassle because Jardine stated that it would take 3 weeks to get the pieces . If the pieces do n't work then we 'll have to make a 3rd trip to BRU to exchange out the chiff as well.Overall , with all of the baby preparations soon to be parents have to make , dealing with poorly constructed furniture is just a hassle . I would think twice before ordering from Jardine . At least BRU is willing to work with us to get our situation straighten out .
 Yes , it looks beautiful in the pictures . But it is cheaply constructed and the drawers do n't slide well , in the fact they get stuck-very frustrating , considering how expensive it is.Also , it smells horrible . We 've had it in our house for a month now and it still smells .
 I too would like to know the dimensions of this article and if the compartments are all drawers or if there are shelves .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Are you trying to decide between a Corolle Tidoo or Calin for your toddler ? My daughter has both , and the Calin is much better . To be honest , she chose this Tidoo online because she liked the outfit the doll is in , with the bright colors and the cute ducky . I thought she would like to be able to take the doll in the bathtub with her too . But since bathtime only takes place for a few minutes each day , most of her doll play takes place outside of the tub , in her doll stroller . highchair , etc. . The tidoo is severely understuffed , and is almost impossible to sit up without doubling over -LRB- the pictures online of the Tidoos must have some hidden proping mechanism to make it look as if it can sit up -RRB- . My two year old daughter got frustrated with it trying to make it sit in the doll highchair and could not do so without me doing what I could to prop it up . I can only guess that the lack of pellets helps the Tidoo to dry out after getting wet , but for play purposes , it 's rather pathetic to see a baby doll that does n't look very lively to say the least ! In contrast , the Corolle Calin doll is the same length , perfect for the youngest toddlers to carry . With the weight of the pellets , it actually feels like a real baby -LRB- not too heavy though , do n't worry ! -RRB- No problems getting Calin to sit up for playtime . Corolle is a really great company that for the most part makes high quality dolls for children , but the Tidoo was a big disappointment .
 We are huge fans of Corolle dolls . My daughter has the Calin , Bebe Charmeur , Baby Lila , and Baby Chouquette and I would rate all of these dolls 5 out of 5 stars . We have loved Corolle dolls so much , we have even bought them for my 2 nieces who also adore them . Even though Corolle dolls are expensive , they have all been well worth the price because they are outstanding quality and have been loved above all other baby dolls by the little girls in our family aged 18 months to 5 years -RRB- . So I honestly hate to say , do not buy the Tidoo doll by Corolle . We bought this doll for my daughter when she was 2 because she loved her Calin doll so much and always wanted to take her in the bath . At first we were happy with Tidoo -LRB- even though her body was made out of icky plasticy material in order to make her water proof -RRB- , but then the transformation happened . After about 3 months , the white part of Tidoo 's eyes rusted , making her look demonic . My daughter was actually scared of her and refused to play with her . Since I had long since threw away the packaging material , I could n't send her back to Amazon . But I was distraught because this doll was over $ 50 so I contacted Corolle who replaced the doll for free -LRB- well , I did pay to ship the original doll back to Corolle -RRB- . Sadly , the exact same thing happened to the replacement Tidoo ... after about 3 months , her eyes also rusted . At that point I contacted Corolle and asked to exchange the Tidoo doll for a Calin doll -LRB- which I ended up giving to a friend having a baby girl as her baby shower gift -RRB- . Kudos to Corolle , as a company , for granting me this exchange , but they need to go back to the drawing board with this particular doll . Perhaps they should make a bath doll with eyes that do not open and close since this seems to be the issue as water gets trapped in the doll 's eyes , causing them to rust . If you want a bath doll , buy the bath doll by Little Mommy -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- which is under $ 20 , is super cute and while she has a hard plastic body , is perfect for play in the bath tub or swimming pool . My daughter has had the Little Mommy bath doll for 3 years and she is still in excellent condition.Little Mommy Scrub-A-Dub-Dub Doll
 The inside of the doll 's head was covered in mold within 3 months . We hung it to dry and drained the head everytime it was in the bath as instructed , but it did not matter . I wrote the company and they did send us a replacement doll -LRB- not the exact one we had -RRB- , but I will not put this one in the bath . My toddler loves this doll , but I would recommend choosing a different one not meant for the bath .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Bought this for a 21/2 year old . Did not come with book or video . Scared my grand-daughter , at first . Really ugly - but I guess it should be - after all she was swallowing bugs and mammals .
 Why oh Why does n't she come with a FLY ?? the whole point of the story . This item did n't come with several of the animals from the book . It 's also NOT as cute as the picture . I still like the idea of the toy and I 'm keeping it but would NEVER buy this item again or recommend it !!! However Amazon is amazing and sent out a replacement quick with delivery scheduled before Chirstmas .
 Over Priced , Cheaply made , Bad assembly instructions.It 's a good Idea , but a bad product . Very over priced . I would not have mined losing out on ten dollars , but 50 plus shipping is a lot . This was the most expensive toy I bought my son for Christmas . The bat does not fully swing , because one of the guides block it . you ca n't control the so called pitching , the ball is a magnet that sticks to the playing field . pitch it to the bat and it may not roll to the bat , hit it and it may not make it out of the out field . Score board dials wo n't stay attached to the paper score board . It takes two people to operate . it 's the day after Christmas and this one is going to the trash . I ca n't send it back because I have attempted to assemble it . It would have to go back in the same condition it was received . I would not recommended this to anyone . My son and I are both very disappointed .
 The game was cheaply made , and not playable . The pitches are difficult to control and impossible to hit . The pitching guide fell apart after the first pitch . The pieces were n't well made -- they did n't easily fit into the game board .
 I deleted this doll because you no longer had it and did not know when you were going to get another one .
 We bought this for our 4 year old daughter and 18 month old son . It was great fun at first but the top ring sprung a hole after a couple of days . Not a huge deal . Just made it easier to get in and out of . Within a week of that the seam in the bottom split wide open . My children are on the small side . My daughter in about 35 pounds . It was fun while it lasted but was NOT built to last .
 As a Christmas gift for our 2 year old twins and 4 year old boy , this seemed like the perfect toy on day 1 . They had a blast jumping around and bouncing on the soft , springy bed . When it popped on day 4 , they were n't as excited . Like most of the other reviewers here , it continued to develop holes along seam lines at a rate too fast to keep up with patching . Then the main floor developed a hernia , the bottom section developed a rip along the seam and Intex does not cover any of this by warranty . If you do buy , expect a week of fun and then disappointment as it gradually deflates from apparent manufacturing defects .
 Santa brought this toy to my two year old for Christmas . Here it is less than a month later and I had to deflate it and take it away from my son . Both of the chambers you actually jump on have holes along with one of the wall chambers . He loved it and is sad to see it go . I made sure it was always away from anything that could hurt it and never let him take toys in it . If a two year old can pop it from jumping alone than there are serious flaws with this product . Spend your money else where .
 This is a great idea for burning off energy when the weather is bad . Ours lasted three days before a seam split while our 4 yr old was jumping in it . This happened within the 30 day replacement period , but I do n't know yet if CMS Worldwide Sales will live up to their guarentee - or if the next one will last longer .
 We bought this jumpolene for our toddler and he liked it okay , but then my 5 year old daughter started bouncing in it . She landing wrong on her neck/head and was screaming and said she could n't move her arms . -LRB- sounded like spinal injury to me -RRB- We rushed to the emergency room . 8 hours , 50 tests including cat scans and MRI 's later , we left with a brace around her neck for the next week . Thank god for insurance because the bill was over $ 8000 . She 's fine now , but the jumpolene went into the trash the next day.Now , of course this type of accident can happen anywhere your children are bouncing -LRB- beds , trampolines , etc -RRB- and sitting there watching them jump is no protection ... you ca n't prevent an accident when you do n't know it 's about to happen.I just wanted to warn parents about this type of toy .
 My 4 year old son wanted to love this toy . jumped on it and set up obstacles first days . then it broke on a seam . It CAN NOT be fixed . a vinyl pool repair kit wont work , nothing will ! I called customer service and THEY DO NOT STAND BY THEIR PRODUCT ! this is an expensive HEARTbreak !!! beware !
 Like other reviews , ours was fun while it lasted , but it did n't last long . We received ours as a gift from Grandma , to keep our two bouncing boys active in the winter . We did n't have a pump , so we had to blow it up on our own . It . Took . Forever . It does n't look too big online , but when you come face to face with this thing with only your own lungs to fill it , it 's huge.We had it up for a few weeks , indoors , with carpets , but it still got leaks . Every chamber except one got a slow to medium-speed leak , which we could n't find . In the end , we set it up one last time -LRB- using an air mattress pump -RRB- , had a few bounces before it deflated later in the day , and put it on Craigslist.For free .
 The size is just right for kids 5 and under ... room to jump , romp and get creative . It takes forever to get the thing inflated , but child anticipation is priceless . We were able to set up a couple diff locations pending some arranging in rooms , so that was great . The down fall was the amount of use we got out of it before an air leak . We used the patch , but due to the leak being at a seam in the top bumper , we only slowed it down . Then we got another leak on the base , again at the seam . Impossible to seal with just a patch . Slowed it down once again , before we got a puncture somehow in the base again . . This all in about a 2 months time ... I did n't expect it leak proof , but if a seam is going to give out , which is where I would think most leaks would happen , I wish they 'd provided a glue to , to seal it properly with the patch .
 This was a Christmas gift for two young girls . After two weeks the center chamber -LRB- floor -RRB- of Jump o Lene deflated . We contacted CMS worldwide and reported the problem . They made suggestions as how to fix the problem . Nothing worked . We called and emailed the company . They emailed and stated they would send a patch kit . That was the middle of January . It is now the end of March and we have n't received the kit or has the company returned any further calls or emails . We will not be purchasing another Jump o Lene nor will we be purchasing another product from CMS worldwide .
 I purchased this item for my 4 year old granddaughter . She loved the toy , however , it was short-lived because it punctured -LRB- after 1 week -RRB- and because of Amazon 's rules I can not return the item . Now I 'm faced with finding a replacement gift for her . I will certainly not be buying another one !
 I have the `` castle '' version of the Jumpolene . It too popped the bottom chamber after about 6 months . I have to blow it up again every day . But , it lasts about 5-6 hours and only takes 30 seconds or so to inflate with an electric pump ... so not the end of the world.The chamber you bounce on popped the other day . I can inflate it again , but it only lasts about 30 minutes .
 Top seam of Jump-o-lene was not sealed correctly and broke within 1st month of use . My children are terribly disappointed , but still use the bottom . Wish there was an inflatable jump-o-lene out there that was worth the money . This is my 4th purchased and I have n't found one yet .
 After spending 80 $ for ball to fill it , we have never been able to get the thing to hold air , let alone jump on it . My child is 15 months old , so its not like its been abused . found a hole on the seam of one ring and another on the center of the jumpy part .
 This product did not seem to be too strong , it punctured in less than 3 months . My kids did not jump on it a lot either so I question the strength of workmanship . Be careful when you buy this and if you do , buy it with a card that offers purchase protection .
 I read the reviews regarding poor durability but thought I would take my chances . My 2-year-old and her 3-year-old cousin had a blast playing with it over Dec. 24 and 25 at a relative 's house . We packed it up and brought it home a few days later only to find that it deflated within a few hours . This is a fantastic idea but its really poorly made . We 've tried to find the hole -LRB- s -RRB- to patch them with little success so we just re-inflate it if we leave it up in the carpeted basement . I would strongly * not * recommend this product , which is a shame since it 's so much fun .
 Fun but does n't hold up for more than a couple of months . Seams separate and patching does n't hold . I wrote to Intex ; but no support from there either .
 The Jump-O-Lene inflatable toy received was defective and would not hold air . It appeared that it would have been a great deal of fun if it had stayed inflated . I made DOZENS of attempts to contact CMS Worldwide Sales by phone and e-mail without success to exchange the item well within the 30 day timeframe allotted . Despite Amazon 's assurance of satisfaction and ease of returns it has not helped with the issue either . After reading other reviews concerning CMS it appears I have just thrown $ 50.00 dollars down the drain or rather into CMS Worldwide Sales pockets . I fear sending it back without talking to CMS first as the reviews indicate others who have returned items purchased from CMS have never received compensation or replacement . My recommendation is to be wary , be very wary of making any purchases from this particular vendor/supplier . Just keep looking and you can find several suppliers on line with the same item . CMS offers nothing exclusive and they are not reliable or trustworthy !!!!
 This seemed like the perfect answer for our daughter 's ball pit
 My 6 , 5 , and 4 year old loved the jumpolene for about 2 hours before it popped . We were careful not exceed the weight limit by only letting 2 kids go at a time . We supervised them carefully and they were n't crazy in it . Fun while it lasted , but c'mon , 2 hours ? Ridiculous . We used our inflatable swimming pool as a ball pit prior to this and it lasted 2 years .
 I am on my fourth jump-o-lene in 2 months . I keep exchanging them because they either have holes to begin with or develop holes within a couple of months . A great concept , but poorly made !! My 1 and 2 year old absolutely LOVE playing in it though !!
 I bought this item for my granddaughter 's birthday . When my daughter and son-in-law inflated it , the top ring had a leak in it . They tried it a couple of times , and the top ring still deflated . I contacted the seller to let them know , and I got NO RESPONSE from them . I contacted them again 5 days later and still NO RESPONSE . It has been 7 days since the second email . I am filing a report with Amazon . I WILl NOT buy from this seller again .
 We purchased this product for our 2 younger children -LRB- ages 3 and 2 -RRB- . Our children are very mello -LRB- compared to others their age -RRB- and the product popped at the seam . We have n't had it up for 2 months , we would probably use it once every two weeks to play . Very disappointed . We had a smaller cheaper one from Target that lasted longer than this .
 My kids were so excited to get this last Christmas . I read the reviews , but purchased anyway hoping that if we were really careful , things would be different for us . My kids are small -LRB- 20 , 30 and 35 pounds , when we purchased this -RRB- and they were super careful in the ballpit . -LRB- All shoes , hair clips , and accessories came off before going in -RRB- They treated it as gently as they possibly could . Unfortunately , it ripped along a seam within the first month . We made several attempts to fix it , but it continued to get small rips in different places along the seam and never held air again . So disappointing . It 's seriously just a poorly made product .
 Interms of fun my 2yr old and 3yr old had lots of fun jumping and bouncing around . It started leaking air frm the seam and I ca n't find it . This is the second jumpolene I 've purchased this year because my kids do enjoy it . The price should be cheaper because you ca n't keep it a long time . Make some improvements and you can have all of my business !!!
 Wow , I purchased this item from Meijer near my home . Once home , we were ready to get it blown up . . NOT ! The smell of this product was so very strong . It was evident that some strong chemicals were used in manufacturing this product . It did not even smell like a new shower curtain type of smell as I 'd expect . Needless to say , it gave me a headache within five minutes of it being opened and we returned it pronto ! My son even started to sneeze when we took it out of the box . I would never consider putting any baby/child in an item that smells that noxious and strong of chemicals of some sort . We even had to open the windows of our home to air out the smell of it after boxing it back up for return . . then placing it in the trunk . I 'll keep looking for a better inflatable bouncer or a trampoline .
 Received this as a gift for my sons 2nd birthday . We blew it up with the air mattress pump and later in the day found 2 leaks in the seams that are impossible to repair . Wish it was manufactured better . The little guy is going to be so sad when he wakes up and it 's gone .
 I bought this item for my daughter -LRB- who is a 34 pound 3 year old -RRB- in October . The first day we bought it , we inflated it and she jumped around in it for hours . The following day , the center deflated . And it 's been like that daily ever since.This has not even seen outdoor use ; it 's been in our playroom for the entire time we 've owned it and the only thing that goes inside is my daughter . There is no reason for this thing to leak - I could understand if it had contact with sharp objects of any kind , but it has n't . It deflates every single day , and we have to find and patch holes , then re-inflate it . It 's a pain in the butt.I give it 2 stars because my daughter loves it when it 's working , but I 'm sorry we bought it for her . The toy should be more durable than this . Save your money and find something that does n't leak .
 I ordered one last year and zone 4 and 6 did n't hold air . I had no problem returning the product but this review is for the actual product . I ordered one again in November and zones 2,5 did n't hold air . Very poor product in regards to quality control .
 Kids love this type of toy . It is one of the most sought after activities in my house . However , it did n't even take one day after filing up the jump-o-lene , that it started to deflate . I definitely am not getting my moneys worth !
 I bought the Jump-O-Lene for my son and was very disappointed with it . It really is not a great jumper . It claims you can leave it outside even in the rain and it will not fill up with water . Well mine is now a swimming pool . I would not reccomend this product to anyone .
 I bought this thinking it was a great alternative to a regular trampoline . I kept it outside , covered , but that did n't stop bugs from making homes in it everyday . They would go in the crevice between the floor and sides . It did n't matter much because my daughter did n't enjoy it at all , there was hardly any bounce to it no matter how much or how little air I put in it . It went in the garbage .
 No pump makes this product useless . My 3 year old jumped in it for 10 minutes and it needed more air . It 's like blowing up a raft . I sent it back -LRB- after my husband had blown it up himself that morning -RRB- . Shipping costs more that 50 percent of what the jump o lene costs . Do n't waste your time or money on this .
 I got this for my 22 lb 1 year old and 38 lb 3 year old for Christmas . They loved it for two weeks then the seam split open leaving a 6 '' hole in the largest air chamber . No patching this weak seam . Now my boys are sad and they asked why Santa brought them a broken ball pit . Very disappointed as this was for both my boys `` big '' Christmas gift and was very expensive with the 1,000 balls and high priced shipping . Now left with 1,000 balls all over the playroom . I emailed CMS WorldWide Sales - Amazon Marketplace and a George asked for pictures which I sent . Almost March and still nothing ...
 My daughter is 40 pounds and I could not get enough air into this so that she did n't hit the ground -LRB- through the inflated bottom -RRB- when jumping . Not so fun . She learned to jump `` lightly , '' but c'mon .
 It worked great indoors but when I left it outside during a rainstorm , water found its way into the inflatable rings . So I now have water inside the thing and no way to completely drain it . If I do salvage it , I will keep it indoors from now on . No apparent leak , but it 's obviously not airtight.This could be a great toy indoors . I 'm only warning others that it may not work outdoors.Another issue is that it has a strong chemical odor - the reason I left it outside in the first place .
 I bought the toy for my grandaughters birthday and after inflating it , the top ring slowly leaked and went flat . There was a tiny tiny hole in the seam . The toy cost 29.00 and I paid 20.00 for the shipping . The company that sold the toy wanted me to pay to ship it back to them . The toy is great fun . It is a great idea , If only it had not been defective .
 This thing was such a waste of money!It lasted only a couple months.It is a haven for bugs down in the crevices along the inside of the bottom ring.Also it got the slightest bit of moisture and mildewed all of the inside.Impossible to clean.It is now waiting to be taken to the dump.It is a horrible , ridiculous design . Good idea , but bad design.The sad part is that when we first got it , my son LOVED jumping around in it , especially when I put his ball pit balls in it.If only it would have been a more thought out product.Now when he asks for it I have to tell him no.We 're going to have to upgrade.What a waste & dissapointment.Would NOT recommend !
 We tried this product twice and both times they got holes in them . This last one only lasted 2 months . The weight limits suggested were followed and it still did n't last . Complete waste of money !!
 I purchased this item for my youngest daughter for Christmas . It arrived two weeks before and stayed well hidden in my closet until December 25 . When we took it out of the box to inflate it , we found three holes already in the vinyl . They were about 1 inch long and looked like it had been cut with a knife . We know it was n't our doing because we opened the package with our hands , not a sharp tool . Anyway , we contacted the company we purchased it from about exchanging it for a new one . First , they requested images of the damage . I took pictures and emailed them but heard no response . I contacted them through amazon.com again . They finally responded , told me that they would exchange the product BUT wanted us to pay the extremely pricey shipping fee again -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- to send back the damaged product , and only had a few days to do this . My husband and I decided to buy a vinyl repair kit at Ace hardware for $ 4 rather than send the thing back . Who knows what shape the new one would be in.On a related note ... about a week after I had purchased this jumpolene , I saw the exact same one at either Walmart or Target for $ 10 cheaper than this one , plus I would n't have had to pay the shipping .
 I bought this product for my active 2 and 4 year old boys . We kept it inside and after only 3 weeks one of the seams busted . We are unable to patch such a large hole and the company refused to replace it claiming it was overinflated . We had used it within the guidelines provided and had it inflated to firm , as the directions advised . Therefore , I am unsatisfied with the product .
 My four year old and two year old got this for Christmas but it only lasted a week before it split down a seam . Customer service has n't returned my call .
 We bought this and used it starting on Christmas day -LRB- today is January 8 ... 13 days later -RRB- . The top ring is now deflating . I found the hole , a small tear in the seam between the upper and middle ring . Clearly this is a defect and not due to my kids putting hole in it . My kids are 5 and 3 and about 40 and 30 pounds each . I am really disappointed in this . I have written the company asking for a replacement and will let you know what happens . An inflatable jumping toy should last longer than 13 days -LRB- we were even on vacation for 5 of them -RRB- .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my two small kids . It was supposed to be their `` big '' gift this year -LRB- a lean one for us , and many others -RRB- . They were really happy when they unwrapped it . But when we tried to inflate it , we discovered that it had two holes it in . They look sort of like slashes , maybe a quarter inch long each . Not along the seams , like other reviewers have noted . Right in the middle of one panel.So , the item was totally useless . We never even got to use it.What 's worse is that CMS -- the seller -- has a terrible return policy . Apparently customers who receive defective items can not get a refund . Only exchanges . And the customer is responsible for return shipping . In this case , that 's $ 18 !!! So instead of taking responsibility for the problem , CMS makes the customer pay -LRB- in this case -RRB- a 35 % fee in order to get a working product . How may people do this , I wonder ? Probably not many . I 'll bet they off-load a lot of damaged goods this way.Even worse is the seller 's poor communication . I sent CMS an email on Christmas morning describing the problem . They responded promptly asking for pictures . I took the pictures and sent them . No response . After a week , I sent them another email . No response.So here I am , with a product that does n't work . I wish I had spent that $ 50 differently this Christmas . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , ESPECIALLY FROM THIS SELLER !
 My 2 oldest children who are now 19 and 17 , had one of these when they were little so I bought another one . This is a very fun toy , they jumped and laughed for hours . I was so impressed with it that I craved finding another one . The kids received it from the grandparents as a Christams present with some tipoffs from me . We got it inflated and the kids jumped for a few hours . It took a little bit of time to blow it up and a lot of space in our front room . All the laughs made it worth it . The next morning we all awoke to a deflated Jump-O-Lene . The kids were smashed and heartbroken . My husband inflated it and we tried to listen for the leak . It was at a seam , ok no problem we got a replacement the next day . We blew Jump-O-Lene # 2 up , the kids could not hold back and went right for it . It lasted for 1 week then it deflated too . I just could not bear the heartaches any longer ... we took it back and decided not to purchase another one . The one my older kids had was made with a stronger material and last for a few years . This new one was very thin material not at all durable for 2 small children to jump on barefooted .
 Inflated the Jump-o-Lene Christmas eve to find a leak in the top ring . Used the patch kit provided , hole fixed . Christmas day , floor seemed low so filled up with air again . Next day floor was flat . Multiple leaks -LRB- holes -RRB- in every area . Too many to find in one day . Looking for a return or refund . Not built as well as one i bought 10 years ago .
 Blew this up for my two boys -LRB- 2 and 6 -RRB- and they loved it . They had a great day playing in it . Unfortunately by day two , it had developed a small pinhole in the lower ring on the blue section . I had a hard time tracking it down in attempts to fix it , so I left it on the floor and they had an equally good time jumping on it minus the larger bottom ring being inflated . Then after one day doing that , it developed yet another tiny hole right in the middle on the base where they jump . Now , I understand these things are n't made to last forever , but I figured they 'd get more than a day out of it . It 's not like they were jumping in it to the extreme or with objects that would puncture it or with shoes on or anything . And my 6-year-old is very slight -LRB- age states 2-5 -RRB- , so it 's not a weight issue.So , while I need to return it , -LRB- and pay the price for the shipping -RRB- I am hesitant to ask for a new one . Some people seem to have more luck with them lasting for a few months from what I 've read , but is it worth it to gamble on another one or try spending money on something else ? I liked it because I only had to shell out $ 40 . Not sure if it 's worth the trouble now . Perhaps I can look at the shipping fee to return it as a rental fee , since they did get some enjoyment out of it .
 My husband and I purchased this toy for our 2 small children and they loved it . . I say `` loved '' because a chamber deflated with-in the first 24hrs . For the few days we had this in our home , it remained in our living room and was not exposed to anything that was sharp.We believe it was a manufacture defect and with that being said , we were able to contact the company on the phone and by sending emails , about the jump-o-lene deflating after one use . They agreed to replace it . They provided us with the information we needed to return this item properly . Unfortunately 6wks after returning it , we still have not received our new toy ! Our phone calls and emails to this company have gone unanswered !! I would never recommend purchasing from this company nor would I recommend this toy . I feel like this CMS company lied and stoled nearing $ 90.00 from us after our purchase , shipping n handling to receive it and to send back ! We have nothing to show for this $ 90.00 spent and they have made to effort to refund us . We give up , I guess this is a lesson learned . ** EDITED ** WE DECIDED TO GIVE IT ONE MORE SHOT AND AFTER 7WKS OF NO RESPONSE FROM THEM , THEY ACTUALLY REFUNDED US FOR THE ITEM .
 I purchased this for my 2 & 4 year old for Christmas . Within two days , there were two holes in the product . We patched them and then there were 2 more . I called the company to explain , they offered to refund or exchange but I had to send back , at my expense . The shipping to return was going to cost more than the Jump-o-Lene . We tried patching the other holes & after inflating again , we found 5 more throughout the entire thing . I 'm well aware that some products may just be defective but it that 's the case , offer to pay for the return shipping please ! Now this big piece of plastic will be in the trash & my boys are very disappointed , as I am for the cost & inconvenience of this toy . My suggestion is do not purchase this product - it will get holes & you will not be able to return to Amazon .
 Bought this for my girls , 31/2 & 11/2 for Christmas 2009 . Inflated it Christmas Eve so it would be surprise the next morning . Unfortunately after one day the big round chamber -LCB- where it says Jump-o-lene -RCB- never could keep air . The girls did like it and we had fun , especially my 31/2 yr old , but pain to keep blowing up.Pros
 This toy has not held air from the first day . I have to blow it up every time my kids want to jump on it . I say save your money and just buy a trampoline .
 The toy has a great fun factor , the kids loved to play in it every day - for about 4-5 weeks then it broke ! The outer ring chambers are still fine but chambers in the bouncing middlepart broke and now there is one big hump and toy is very unsafe to use!Although the cost of the toy is very low , I am disappointed about the very short durability of the toy.If you want to buy it , be aware that you can only use it for a few weeks .
 I purchased this for Christmas for my 3 year old Niece and 2 year old Nephew along with $ 100 worth of balls . They absolutely loved this and had a ball jumping up and down for about 2 weeks and then the seam split . I contacted Intex this morning and was told all their products do not have ANY warranty , so I now have $ 100 's worth of balls and nothing to do with them or I purchase another one and hope it last longer than the first one . For $ 60 , I really hoped it would last longer than 2 weeks . I could understand if I had this outside an the kids poked a hole in it but the seam split . This is too much of an investment for the time they got to play with it .
 Honestly , I do n't know what on earth I was thinking . How many balls would it take to make this an adequate ball pit for a 2 and 4 year old ? Not sure but it is a lot more than the 300 + we already have . I 'm guessing 2000 or more might make it OKAY . The quality of this product is not worth the money . It is not at all trampoline like as advertised - so , it 's only good as a ball pit . It is not sturdy enough to stand up to the basic jumping of toddlers , let alone a child of even 1/2 the weight limit . Not that it would matter - only toddlers would be happy with the total lack of bounce of the thing . The Jump-o-Lene is a great idea that has fallen really short .
 En dos dias se le abrio un hueco y mi hijo ni siquiera salto solo jugo sentadito , no lo recomiendo porque aunque el producto fue muy barato yo tuve que traerlo a otro pais donde gaste en flete e impuestos para que me dure dos dias no gracias .
 I bought this product as a gift for my daughter 's birthday . Thinking she would love it . Her -LRB- 2 yr old -RRB- and her sister -LRB- 5 yr old -RRB- got one use of about 15 minutes out of it before the seam broke . I was very disappointed , and would not recommend this product .
 I thought this would be an excellent toy , for my children ages 4 and 6 , to have indoors . Imagine trying to jump on an inflatable raft . The picture is very deceiving , as the bottom does not hold enough air to keep the kids from bottoming out . The appeal lasted ten minutes .
 I purchased this for my 21/2 year old and the first one I received had a leak in the seam . I returned that one and purchased another one and that one has a leak in seam . I do not recommend ordering this item not until they check there supply .
 We thought this would be a great alternative to getting an outdoor trampoline , since it would be safer . And we thought our kids would love it since they often want to jump on the bed . But this product is not as bouncy as it appears . My kids mainly arranged their stuffed animals in it and laid in it with them . After a few weeks it began to deflate . We patched it at the seam , but it still gradually loses air . It 's been a disappointment and has been discarded .
 I have two Grandaughters ages 4 and almost 2 , who love to jump and play . I thought sure this would be a great present for them . They could use it inside the house to jump and have fun . They would only jump for a minute or two and then they wanted out of the thing . It takes up too much room to keep it out when they do n't want to use it .
 We bought this toy for our 2 year old daughter who loves to jump , but was less than impressed with this toy . She is only 2lbs and within one day it had a hole it . Also the toy does not bounce very well . Within minutes she lost interest . Needless to say we are returning this pointless toy for something more fun .
 We purchased this for our daughter who has sensory intergration . Her therapy teacher mention this would be nice for her to have at home . Purchased one from Amazon and only filled it up with air once . The Jump-o-lene does not keep air in it at all . We have to blow it up each time she wants to use it . Very disappointed with this product .
 This was a great toy for my son but only lasted a few months - the seams split on the top rings in order and finally on the base . Not patchable with normal patches since the tears are on the seams . I got a different model also made by Intex and this one lasted even less . Great fun if you do n't mind spending the money for a month or two 's worth of playtime , but I would not recommend it for the price .
 We had one of these years ago when my twin daughters were 2 and they are now 15 . This one we just ordered for my 2 year old son keeps getting pinholes in the seams that seem to be ripping or not sealed correctly . We need to keep patching with a pool repair kit . We are trying to get the company to refund us or give us a new one . My son loves it but it has at least 10-12 holes that are patched and barely holding up . It is great fun to have and hoping this problem get resolved .
 This is our second blow up item from Intex , and this one popped in even LESS time ! We have only had the Jump-o-lene for one month and already the top tier is completely deflated , no matter how often we blow it up -LRB- with an electric pump , thank goodness -RRB- it deflates almost immediately . This reduces the height of the sides , thereby giving my son less of a `` barrier '' to prevent him from tumbling out , which thankfully has n't happened . He does have fun in it , but needless to say I 'm very disappointed .
 We got this as a gift for my two boys , 1.5 yrs and 2.5 yrs . They absolutely love it and so do all their friends . This is a great toy for any child , BUT , as many others have complained , it will not last . Intex quality is not good . After only a few months of using it , we had holes everywhere . Mainly along the seems . This was used only inside and they were never allowed to put toys in it . So we did take care of it . I phoned the company and asked them to replace it but they were not interested in helping . Great toy but it will not last . So if you dont mind paying the money - then its worth it !
 This product was a disappointment ! My little nephew fell in love with it but the sides will not stay blown up and constantly leak air creating a safety issue . A young child such as him -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- continually falls out the sides as they are inadequate to hold even a small child inside the jumping area .
 My twin four-year-olds love this thing when it 's working . Usually it 's not.Usually one of its chambers has sprung a leak . At this writing , three of the five chambers do n't hold air . The only reason I 'm able to MAYBE fix it this time around is that the family 's out of town and I have all day to find and try to repair the leaks.None of these leaks are punctures . All of them are the result of seams coming apart . The seams on the jumping surface itself have also failed ; you ca n't see it in the photo on the Amazon page , but there are parallel inflated ribs where the kids jump . One of the seams between two ribs has failed , creating one big mega-rib . Another such seam has also started to fail.This is n't a one-star review because when it 's working , it 's great . But I 'd recommend you look for something else . It was a terrific thing to have around for the first few days , but has been unusable most of the time since then .
 I purchased the jumpolene for a preschool . The first time we inflated it , the seams busted . I tried to repair the leaks . By the end of the week , the entire thing had been destroyed . Not worth the money !!
 Got this jump o lene to replace another castle jump o lene from last Christmas that lasted 5 months . We found the 2 holes in the castle and kept patching it for 4 months before finally giving up . Bought another one , just not the castle one because my kids still love to play with the 400 balls we have in it . Bought in early November and 29 days later it was leaking in the bottom compartment . I have to blow it up 2-3 times a day now . Amazon rep would only give partial refund and we have to pay return shipping . Pretty sad when a product that 's meant for jumping and was never used for jumping springs a leak that 's impossible to find . And pretty sad that Amazon wo n't take it back for full refund . Some customer service . Target or Walmart would have taken it back for a full refund ... NO QUESTIONS ASKED !!!!
 Wonderful concept , but in two weeks it got a hole . I had to pump it up every day . Now , at 8 months , it has several holes -LRB- which are taped up -RRB- and a broken inflator nozzle . The chambers wo n't even hold air long enough for the kids to jump in it . I guess I 'll look at buying a bouncer with a blower , and maybe that will stay inflated .
 We got this for our 5 year old daughter and 20 month old twin boys . The base and the bottom ring are very thick and seem like they 'd hold up over time . The upper rings , however , are not as durable.The kids all loved it -- jumping , sitting , running and otherwise burning off energy in it . We only kept it inside , and the top ring deflated after about a week . Try as we did , we could NOT find the leak and ended up sending it back.After the aggravation of having this and other blow up toys that have deflated on us , we opted not to replace it .
 a birthday present for my two-year old - he got two weeks out of it before puncturing the top inflatable ring . it 's still usable , just not so attractive with the limp edge . probably would have kept shopping had I thought the window of use in intact condition would be so short .
 I filled this up in the order it says to fill the chambers . It still is not bouncy . My two year old son goes in it but not to bounce . We put colorful balls in there which will entertain him for about 5 minutes . Maybe I 'm not putting enough air in the jump o lene but it feels like if I add anymore it will burst . It says in the bottom chamber to fill only 2/3 's of the way . I have no idea when it is only 2/3 's full . I am dissappointed with this purchase and would not recommend purchasing .
 I bought this for my 18 month old grandson and it 's a lot of fun if you can have two adults `` spotting '' , but if not , I think it 's a very dangerous toy . He 's now 24 months and I no longer allow him to play in it as a trampoline because of the fear of neck/head injury . The walls are not very sturdy and he tumbled out of it more than he landed in it . We also had problems with it staying inflated .
 I have heard people say that the best 2 days of owning a boat is the day you buy it and the day you sell it . Our experience with the jump-o-lene was much like this.We purchased it for our 3 year old son . I knew my husband would be the one to blow it up and so to make his life easier I bought him an electic air pump . Even with this , it took him an hour and a half to blow this thing up . There are about 4 or 5 different compartments that need to be inflated . Well , once you get it inflated , you never want to deflate it because you know about the time investment involved to reinflate it.So we kept the jump-o-lene in our living room for 2 months . Do n't get me wrong , our son really enjoyed sleeping in it and jumping around . Eventually we moved it outside to our yard . One day while watering our yard , Connor also watered the jump-o-lene . It became very heavy and I could n't dump the water out . Today I took a pair of scissors to it and it was very satisfying . I highly advise getting something else . We know some friends who have an inflatable bouncy house with an automatic air blower . These go up and come down in 3 minutes . Woohooo ! This is our next purchase .
 My 2-year-old flipped out of this right away . We took it down after 1 hour . Our 1-year-old almost flipped out too and probably would have , if I kept it up . The walls are simply too low for this to be safe . Flipping out of it , my son snapped his neck . He was fine , but I was worried about what could have happened . Also , the two children crashed into one another all the time , hurting one another . Mainly due to wall height , this is an unsafe product . Sure , it was plenty fun for them . It 's too bad it did not work out.Another thing to note is that there is a strong vinyl smell -LRB- which is supposed to be toxic , right -RRB- ? In addition , the product is very large and did n't really fit anywhere without taking up a whole room . It takes a long time to inflate with an electric pump , so once it 's up , it 's up . Do not buy .
 Do not buy this toy i got one for my little boy for X-masand he hates it when he can jump in it cause its yellow and bee 's are alwasy by it so he can never jump in it.Its outside so when it rain so much water gets in it and its not real soft for them to jump in.i would have never of payed what i did for it .
 This jumpolene was a lot of fun for the kids , but did n't last at all . We 've had it for 2 months and the middle jumping pillow split open , the outside base ring split open , and two of the three top rings deflated . It 's now completely useless . This is a total waste of money .
 I bought this toy for my 2 boys , 4 and 2 , and they loved it . I even bought balls to make a ball pit . The toy is huge which I know everyone said , but you ca n't really get an idea of it 's size until you see it . One bag of balls was definitely not close to being enough , however , before I could even buy more , it got a hole in the middle of the bottom . That was only about two days after putting it up . After that every couple of days a ring would get a hole in it . By the end of about two weeks only one ring was still inflated . I thought about going to get a pool patch kit , but I realized that if I patched one hole another would come somewhere else.Bottom line , if you have the time and patience to look for and patch holes or if you go into it not expecting to have it for long go for it . The kids love it . Maybe your kids wo n't be as hard on it . My girls had one when they were little and it was fine .
 This was a gift for my kids , and after 2 uses outdoors , it rained , and the jumpolene took on water , filling it in between the air chambers , undrainable . We did as much as we could to try and figure out how to get the water out , but it was unusable after this . I called the manufacturer , and they told me that the trampoline did not come with any warranty and that they could do nothing to help me with the situation . My husband tried to make a slit in between the air chambers , to let the water out , and once we were able to drain the water , the jumpolene would no longer hold air . It 's cute in theory , and maybe good for gentle indoor use , but DO NOT LET WATER GET INSIDE OF IT !
 This product seems like it 's hit or miss . Miss if you receive a defective product like I did . The top chamber would not inflate for us on Christmas Eve . Our children were not able to `` bounce '' or `` jump '' . Dissapointing to say the least for what we thought would be the most exciting gift of the day.We had quite a bit of trouble getting a refund as we ordered this the day after Thanksgiving to ensure a Pre Christmas delivery , only to find out the manufacturer of this product will only warranty this item for 15 days from the recvd . ship date . 15 days ... sounds like this Jump 0 lene has a short expiration date . Take a hint , not built to be used for intended purpose . I can quote Willy Goat , the company that shipped this product , `` We get calls all the time for this item breaking , but if it 's past the 15 day warranty you have no right to a refund or replacement ... even if you never used it .
 My sister bought this for my 3 and 4 year old boys for Christmas . I figured it 'd get a hole in it eventually that I 'd have to patch but unfortunately the seam of the top two rings split and we need to pitch this because it ca n't be repaired . I attemped to email Intex in case they might stand by their product , but the `` finish/send '' email button does n't work on their site ! What a dissapointment ! The kids did have some fun with it while it was in tact but it 's too cheap quality of a toy -- my advice do n't purchase .
 After reading all the reviews we decided to take a chance and buy one . Seems we got one of the lemons . Son -LRB- age 4 -RRB- loved it and was super careful not to take any toys in with him -LRB- not even a ping pong ball -RRB- after being told it could pop . Did n't matter . Seams began to split one after another within two weeks even though only one 40 lb . child was in it . All rules followed . We are down to one air side wall that will still hold air now . Destined for the trash ! DISAPPOINTING !
 Well it seems to make a better pool then tramolean , Maybe I did n't do something right . My daughter enjoys it but it is not what I expected .
 Same problem as many others -- new batteries -- worked 2-3 times then stopped . Reloaded batteries and still nothing . My brother has the original green handed bank and it still works fine . This one never `` rocked '' like it was suppose to either . I would like to get a replacement that works , if possible . My 6 yr old son loves the old version his Uncle has but was very disappointed in this one.Magic Bank
 I had one of these when I was younger , many years ago and it worked fine.Mine was DOA -LRB- dead on arrival -RRB- . I thought I could possibly fix it but oneon the motor connections was broken off . Really made cheaply like so manythings these days . Buyer beware , you may be fortunate and get one that worksbut for how long ? They can be a fun toy , maybe some other company will startmaking one that is a better quality .
 I was hoping this would be a fun novelty gift but it was a waste of my time . I had to return it because it would n't operate . It is so cheaply made that the battery compartment lock would n't even hold the batteries secure . One very disappointing Christmas present .
 Product totally failed to work . Poor quality . Do n't waste your money because it will end up in the garbage . Schylling should be ashamed for selling such crap ! The only thing magic about this bank is how it makes your real money disappear ... poor , poor , poor !!!!!!
 I got this for my dad because he is a banker . He took it out of the box , tried a couple sets of batteries , and it wouldnt work at all . We left a coin between the two metal strips and after a while the coin became very hot , which tells me it was defective .
 I received this bank today , opened it up , added batteries , followed the instructions for inserting money and ... nothing . My husband and I proceeded to mess around with it for several minutes to no avail . Good thing I tried it out before I gave it to my son for Christmas !
 When I received this bank , I put batteries in it and it worked good . I wrapped it up and gave it to my son for his birthday . It worked a few times , then quit . I thought maybe the batteries were bad . I replaced them and tried again . NOTHING !! I wiggled it , shook it and it worked again . Later that day , it quit working . It seems as though I have to really mess with it to get it to work . It is a cute idea , but too unpredictable .
 I bought this bank for my daughter . It only would accept think coins , no dimes . Then it stopped working after 30 minutes . Would have been great if it worked right .
 The hand only grabs the coin about half the time , and the box is so constructed that getting those few back out is almost impossible . Not the Addams Family the way it used to be ...
 This toy worked for all of 5 minutes . Then it seemed to jam and not work anymore . I tried a number of things to fix it , which was challenging because it is not well made . Nothing worked.This product is made in China . Why do n't product descriptions from Amazon indicate where products are made ?
 I bought two of these banks and the ones that I received have such sloppy , loose battery holders and such terribly designed contacts that you have to fidget with them to get them to work even one time . Gave them to our grandsons who were not impressed and agreed that I should return them . They would work well if the batteries were more securely mounted and not free to rattle around . The use of a philips flat head screw as a contact is stupid . The battery compartment lid is feeble but secured by a hard-to-actuate lever . These are build cheap and they show it . Not worth more than $ 1.99 . A very poor item .
 this toy is great fun with a surprise element that makes people laugh . unfortunately , it works sometimes , but not others . we ca n't seem to make it work every time , and need to fiddle with it to make it work .
 We have ordered two of these and each one only worked for about a day . We really want one that works - our grandsons loved it when it was operating correctly . Is there any possiblity of getting one that does work ?
 Our old one broke so I got this for my husband . However , the hand does n't come out and the motor does n't turn off . Very poorly made .
 I was excited when I purchased this in a store in Sydney - it looked like a wonderful , comfortable pool float . I especially like the idea of being partially submerged so you stay cool . But I was pretty disappointed ... for me , it is just too wide to be comfortable . I like to paddle and steer a little with my arms - because this has a metal rim , albeit flexible , it makes sticking your arms out feel unnatural and uncomfortable , unlike with other purely inflatable floats . The metal digs in a bit . It 's awkward to keep your arms by your sides , and resting on the rim , like shown in the product photo , really does n't feel right for me . The size and shape is also strangely cumbersome in the pool , and if you try to dry it . I dry and store my pool floats sideways , but this one wo n't stay sideways easily because the rim is too narrow and it is curved.Another thing I like in a pool float , is the ability to lie on my stomach and paddle about semi submerged . I know this would n't be what everyone does , and most pool floats do n't accommodate this but I find I can make it pretty comfortable if I squish the back or head rests a bit . But with this Swimways one , it was just impossible . If you put your head on the headrest , it is again uncomfortable for your arms . It 's to do with the width , and that wretched metal rim.Also , it is hard to inflate , and more particularly , to deflate . I thought this would be a good toy to take along to places and the way it folds would be a bonus . It was quick to inflate , as it is only around the rim , but for some reason , it was difficult , like there was too much resistance . And deflating/packing it away is not as convenient as it appears
 I bought this toy drum for my 21/2 year old grandson , who loves both music and trains . He loved it , but within a couple of days , he had pushed in the drum cover on both sides . It 's still usable , but somewhat battered . Wish it had been made a bit stronger .
 The drum skin is very thin . I ended up buying a electornic hard rubber drum set for my 2 year old grandson . He loves it .
 The tin is very flimsy . The strap is very uncomfortable around a childs neck . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 I bought this as a would-be Christmas gift for my grandson . I tried it first and unlocked the door using the code given but was unable to re-lock it . After several attempts to lock the box , the lock jammed and would not turn in any direction and the door would not lock . Needless to say , I returned it and am presently looking at other options .
 I got this safe and it broke within a week . Also , the `` alarm '' is extremely annoying . Do n't even think about keeping anything valuable in here because the lock does not work at all .
 I just received this product in the mail to give to my 9 year old daughter for Christmas , upon opening it , the item looks great , very sturdy looking , then I tried to turn the dial and it was rather hard to turn once it was opened the bell alarm went off constantly until the door is closed . . how annoying , I guess this is not the item I was looking for and am at this moment packing it back up to return it . .
 The lighted stadium is mostly made of cardboard . It is certainly not very sturdy and not worth the price . My son has played with it once since he got it for Christmas and he is a football fanatic . It is so big it takes up my entire dining room table . You might as well through your money out the window and save yourself the worry of where to put it .
 This game is not much of a challenge in fact not a challenge at all when the only way of winning is by pure chance . A new game needs to be invented . One where the is a real scheme involved on both sides of the ball . And one you can develop skill along with the schemes you desire . Please look for the next great football board game invention . I know they 're out there and yes I do know of one.Regards David Gonzales
 To be precise , the `` silver jewelry settings '' are `` grey plastic '' rather than `` real silver '' or `` silver/chrome-colored metal . '' Also , it gives you just a tablespoon or two of each grit , so if you have a more-standard 3-pound rock tumbler rather than the precise model pictured here , you wo n't have nearly enough rocks/polishing medium for a single batch . Also , the included rocks are mostly unexciting and even though it does include three tiny slightly-better stones -LRB- like a rough amethyst -RRB- the size of a pea in a separate bag , if you actually tumble them with the larger stones they 'll be crushed to powder and disappear -LRB- despite having a similar hardness on the Mohs scale ... all that pounding crushes them rather than just rounding off the corners -RRB- . So if you 're wanting a refill for your rock tumbler , I suggest doing a web search for `` silicon carbide grit tumbler '' -LRB- that last word is just so you get grit for rock tumblers rather than for sandpaper -RRB- and/or `` crushed rock for tumblers '' to find some better choices .
 I got this floater recently for my 6m baby girl . I really liked that the parent would be able to closely interact with the baby while floating in the pool , you can swim around pushing comfortably and `` chatting '' with your little one.Now the parent portion has much more air in it than the infant side . When you let go the parent side goes up and the infant side looks as though it may tip backwards -LRB- flipping upwards -RRB- So there is no time that you could just let go of the floater.Also , swimming and trying to be face-to-face with your child is hard since the toy bar is right in between the two of you , and you basically have a toy bar in your face while swimming obscuring your view of your child.Over all , I would n't buy this toy again . I ended up getting another one just for my daughter .
 I 'm pretty generous with any product and always try to give them the benefit of the doubt , but I really ca n't recommend this one . My 6 month old daughter , 15 pounds , just was n't secure at all in it . This float must have an adult IN THE OTHER SIDE at all times - just being beside it with your hands on the float is n't good enough . Without that it 's very tippy and unstable . Just for the purpose of testing it I came out of the adult side , and , keeping my hands on the float at all times , came around behind my baby . The entire float kind of folded slightly in the middle , the adult side lifted up , and the baby 's side settled deeper in the water . I thought it might need more air and blew it as tight as was humanly possible . It was still tippy and unstable . At one point my baby girl leaned over to look at the water and I have little doubt that she would have tipped all the way out if I had n't been there to catch her . Now , obviously babies must be very closely supervised at all times while in the water - NEVER left alone - but there 's only one way to use this and that 's with an adult in the other end . I see that some reviewers have criticized the others who called this float tippy , saying , `` Duh , you should n't leave babies alone in the pool ! '' Well , of course not . But having to be in physical contact at all times -LRB- even though you should -RRB- or having a dunked baby is n't good enough . It should have more floatation in the baby 's side as a FAILSAFE so that just in case , for whatever crazy reason , if you find yourself more than three inches out of arm 's reach your baby does n't end up on the bottom of the pool .
 I was disappointed when I realized that I received a defective float . The company responded fairly quickly when I emailed them to ask if there was anything I could do to fix it -LRB- because the problem is that it wo n't inflate -RRB- . However , when their `` tip '' was of no help , and I asked them how to return it , they failed to respond . So all in all , poor customer service and a defective product make this a toy I would not recommend to others .
 I purchased this item thinking it would be great . Wrong !!!! This product is not safe . My son is a large child for his age -LRB- 1yr , 26lbs . -RRB- The item states up to 2 years of age , it does n't specifiy a weight limit on the box . My son almost flipped over in this float just by leaning a bit to the side and also to the back . Do n't let go of your child when using this float AT ALL . It 's VERY dangerous ! It 's also a disaster trying to get the child in and out of this float . I would n't recommend this float to anyone .
 We were so excited to order this item . Sadly the quality is very poor . We have had it set up for less than a week and the front `` counter '' has broken off and one of the front panels has had a leg rip off . My kids love the idea of this item but it is extremely flimsy particle type board - it has basically disintergrated berfore our eyes . Even with general play it sways back and forth , a little scary if little ones are playing in it.I am going to call the maker - hopefully we can repair this -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The only real problem with this puzzle was the shape of the letters on it . I 'm 30 years old and could n't tell is the small b was a d or p or even a q etc. . . The W could be an M or E. Too confusing . I wish they had done some pattern or something on the letters to tell them apart . Also , with a big puzzle like this , it should of been magnatized ! It 's hard to pick up so many puzzles each time my 3 yr old feels like dumping them over ! UGGG
 I love gifting Melissa & Doug products because they are handmade and such excellent quality . I never bother to read reviews for their products because I 've come to expect that standard . However , I wish I had for this puzzle . The letters are thin , easily bent , and subpar quality . The plywood of the board is cheap and cracked in two places , and I do n't blame Amazon as it was packaged with care . Curious , I turned it over and lo and behold , it was Made in China . I 'm kind of ashamed to give this to my nephew , because it 's so poor in quality . I do not recommend this purchase .
 I do n't think this is a real Melissa & Doug product . We have a lot of their puzzles and toys and this is just not up to the standard of the other items we have . It looks really cheap and the pieces are poorly cut out and flimsy . I bought this for my little one to learn his lower case letters but I do not recommend it , especially if you have a baby or toddler that likes to put things in their mouth , the paint looks like it would come right off !
 I am a very big fan of Melissa and Doug puzzles and my daughter has about 8 of their puzzles . I bought this one for my almost 2 year old so she could learn her lowercase letters in addition to the uppercase . She quickly did that , and she enjoys the puzzle . This puzzle seems does n't seem to be made with the same quality materials as the others . All of the wood is very thin , feels like plywood . Some of the letters do n't fit very well or are so similar it 's hard to tell what 's what , like the d , b , p , and q. None of these 4 fit perfectly and we go off color to figure out which is which .
 We had this on our wish list and are big Melissa and Doug fans . However , I just saw it in a store and some of the letters are really misshapen . I think this is a BIG problem when the purpose of the toy is to teach letter recognition ! We , sadly , took it off our list .
 There is no way our puzzle is a real Melissa and Doug puzzle . The wood is thin and flimsy compared to other Melissa and Doug toys . The Melissa and Doug logo is n't painted on the wood like normal . Instead , it is writen in black marker . The name of the puzzle , Two Alphabets Are Better Than One , is written in blue ink pen !!! Seriously ?
 As cool as I thought this puzzle was , it is n't . The holes for the letters are very shallow , and they fall out if barely even bumped . And , the actual letters themselves are n't very defined , like the `` m '' and `` w '' . Those two are tricky enough for a toddler , and this puzzle does n't make it any easier . I would go for another puzzle .
 Warning to potential buyers
 This product description states that the item includes 3 yoyos and a dvd . In actuality , the only thing included in this item is a video cassette .
 I was disappointed to find that the chunky block wooden puzzles do not fit in the puzzle box only the flatter wooden puzzles . Had I realized this I would not have bought it .
 I have many Melissa and Doug puzzles for my 15 month old and thought this would be a great idea ... well , buyer beware . It looks cheap , not `` real wood look '' and my kid 's puzzles DO N'T FIT . I was very disappointed to say the least . I wish I had done better homework !
 I was shocked by the quality of this case given how much we love all our daughter 's Melissa & Doug puzzles and toys . The top and bottom were warped as if they had been exposed to elements , and the case only fit one of her puzzles , none of her Chunky Puzzles , which was the main purpose for the purchase . I love Melissa & Doug and was very disappointed . Not only was it not useful for us , and the quality was surprisingly poor , but the cost for what it is is very high . These products are otherwise always more than reasonable .
 Love the idea , but this does n't fit most of the Melissa & Doug puzzles we own ! -LRB- chunky ones -RRB- Should 've read more reviews before my purchase ... that way I would n't be out all the money for , shipping and returning !
 I wish I had read the reviews first ! Just received the `` Natural Wood '' Puzzle Storage Case that is made from pressed wood . Not at all what is advertised as `` Solid-Wood Construction '' . I would not have purchased this otherwise . First time I 've ever been disappointed with Melissa & Doug .
 We just got this today as a gift . My son loves puzzles and we needed storage for them so he can get them out himself . We have one case already that 's similar so I thought this one would be fine but it LITERALLY fell to pieces the MINUTE the shrink wrap came off . None of the glue held and apparently it was n't held together with anything else . Now I have a pile of pieces and have to go back to the person who gave it to us to figure out how to get a replacement . This is NOT the quality I expect from Melissa & Doug .
 The natural seems like it is just unpainted plywood . Maybe it looks better in the painted version . It is made well and holds puzzles as described
 This box would be perfect -- except that it does n't fit the Melissa and Doug chunky puzzles ! It only fits a handful of puzzle manufactured by the company , which is very frustrating .
 We bought this for our preschool classroom and it lasted 3 months . Our kids are pretty careful , but this just did not last at all . I am very disappointed .
 This puzzle holder is awful . It does not hold any chunky puzzles . The wires are too close together so the puzzles will not slide in as intended . It is only intended for puzzles that are not chunky . This is not written in the description . What a disappointment and when I contacted Melissa and Doug , they did n't even respond . Way too expensive , do not waste your money .
 The chunky melissa and doug puzzles do n't fit in here - you have to lift the pieces that are near the edges up off the puzzle and then it will slide in however that makes it taller so you wo n't be able to fit the same amount of puzzles in there heighth wise . The standard puzzle where the pieces have a little knob to pull on seem to work just fine . I was surprised that M&D would make this product when it does n't fit their own popular chunky puzzles . Odd .
 First of all , I Love Melissa and Doug products . I have purchased many puzzles for my 18 month old son and I love how the basic puzzles have large knobs for little hands to grab . However , when I purchased this puzzle sorter I just assumed that all Melissa and Doug puzzles would fit on a Melissa and Doug Puzzle storage case . When I received this product I found that not a single puzzle will fit in the case ! Bummer .
 Received this today and am very disappointed . I was planning to put it on a shelf in our family room/living room which has a natural wood grain , but it looks like it 's made of cardboard ... very ugly & cheap looking . Definitely not the light wood color from the photo . Is this a new development ? I only see one other review -LRB- from yesterday , in fact -RRB- that mentions that it 's particle board . I could understand particle board with a laminated layer or something , but the particle board looks unfinished and like it might start to peel/flake . I do n't know where the `` Deluxe '' fits in either . I 'm trying to decide whether it 's worth keeping and painting , or whether I should just return it . It 's also dented on the back . I always thought Melissa & Doug had better quality than this . I 've always liked the puzzles .
 I 'm quite disappointed that I bought this puzzle storage box for my 2-year old grandson for Christmas . He loves puzzles and has 4 or 5 Melissa and Dave puzzles . HOWEVER , he has the chunky wooden puzzles and none of them will fit in the puzzle storage box without taking the pieces out of them . This completely defeats the purpose of having a puzzle storage box .
 This is not made of solid wood , it 's pressed particle board . The construction was incredibly poor and it did n't fit the usual size Melissa and Doug puzzles . I could n't believe they put their name on it . We returned it . Definitely not worth the money !
 Bought this storage case for my kids for Christmas because they have about ten 9 x 12 Melissa & Doug puzzles , most of them are the chunky -LRB- thick pieces -RRB- type . I just assumed that this would be the perfect storage solution for their puzzle collection and the kids would be able to access them so much easier -LRB- instead of them being stacked on top of each other -RRB- . I was so excited to get this and get things organized in their toy room , but when I tried to put the puzzles into the storage case , they wo n't fit !! I was soooooo disappointed . I almost wanted to pack it back up and return it , I was so mad . And it does n't even say this very important fact in the item description that it ONLY FITS PEG OR FLAT PUZZLES !!! So I am still in the same situation I was in before , but now I have the few puzzles that do fit in the storage case , and the rest are still stacked on a shelf where they were before . If you have a lot of chunky puzzles like we do , please keep looking for another storage solution for your puzzles ! DO NOT buy this product !!! Good luck !!
 I purchases this toy for my daughter last christmas , she has never even played with it once . I found out that she much more prefers woodboard puzzles that she can put together .
 My kid mostly played with the cars as though they were cars . He did some shape matching for a few minutes , but would get bored with that pretty quickly . My biggest problem was pulling the splinter out of his lip after he gnawed on one of the puzzle pieces.I 'm having the same splinter problem with the wooden ABC blocks . Funny -- I do n't remember that being a problem when I was a kid .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 the reason why i say i do n't like it is half the time there is no music when you wind it
 I was dissappointed in this . Just a little cheep for the money . I felt like I should have only paid $ 5.95 at the Dollar Tree for this . The sound is aweful
 I would love to know what the profit margin on this toy is . The price is astronomical for a toy that is not particularly well made . Ours did n't fall apart as quickly as the other reviewer 's , but do n't expect this toy to last long . Kids are inevitably going to play with the door latch ; a responsible manufacturer would take that fact into account and make it as sturdy as possible . If it were on sale for $ 5 to $ 7 , you could probably buy the thing without feeling ripped off . The current price -LRB- over $ 25 -RRB- is absurd . That said , for as long as the toy lasted , my daughter loved it . Appropriate for age 18 months , give or take a few either way -- based on our experience , at least .
 It broke the day we got it - the lid would n't stay down - and it had to be returned . :-LRB- The store told us they had that problem , so we had to trade it for a CG lunchbox .
 Jack in the box broke within 2 days of light use by 2 yr old . Amazon was great , returned shipping prepaid and money credited to charge card .
 There are at least two Curious George `` Jack in the Box 's '' The Original or first run model is at best acceptable - the one with George wearing a green shirt is the model that is `` Cheapened '' price is the same - but the quality is not . The original one has stamped molded tin - the cheap model is just flat with a silk screen finish . The original model uses fake fur - the cheap model uses green fabric -LRB- They saved 2 cents in the material cost -RRB- If your looking to get this item for your kid - save them the disappointment of it breaking - or if it does do n't blame the kids . I think that their are other Curious George toys or novelty items like the lunchbox that offer a better value.PS - OK I took out the Jack in The Box hamburger joke - geeze !
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Who ever made this Tonberry has obviously never played Final Fantasy , For a start they are green not blue and secondly they do n't have clawd feet ??? and what is with his face ? this doll is a joke ! Tonberrys are kinda cute -LRB- even though they can kill you in one hit -RRB- this doll is UGLY ... Look at this picture < ... > now look at this doll ... His knife actually looks more like a builders trawl.The person who left the review before this has obviosly never played final fantasy either , and if I brought my girlfriend this doll she would NOT find it cute in any way . . Its cheap and nasty , pay the extra few quid for a Tonberry that actually looks like a Tonberry you cheap joker .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 These wraps arrived looking like they 've already been worn and stretched out . They are constructed VERY poorly , and not small enough for kids . The elastic is all worn out and the wraps appear ruffled because of it . I tried to return product to the seller but they were going to deduct me the cost of shipping , which is garbage . They want me to pay to look at a pair of worn out , cheaply made wraps ? Not even going to bother sending them back - going to toss them in the garbage because that 's what they are . DO NOT BUY THESE ! I do n't recommend buying from MMA One Stop Shop either , because they wo n't back their products for free . You 'll get a crap product and pay to send it back , and the cost of shipping it to you will be deducted from the refund .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 I purchased this `` game '' for my 9 year old son . It is difficult to play ; we played with college-educated adults and everyone agreed that the game is too complex.The reason I gave it 5 stars for durability is because we never take it out of the box.Tomorrow it goes to Goodwill.Don ' t waste your money on this game . Give the price of the game to your child and let him have the fun of spending it on something he LIKES .
 Did Amazon have a FIRE SALE ??? The box had a funny smell and when I opened it the board game was completely WARPED and DISTORTED . Plus , it had MOLD growing on the board . How can you play a board game when the pieces fall off the warped board which is bent like a DOME ??? Plus , the board folds up so many times , I can see it will break if I try to flatten it.Did you have a WATER LEAK in your storage room ??? Beware of Damaged goods . The game may be educational but with the smell of mold , who can play the game ????
 I got this game as a gift when I was 10 for Christmas . That was 24 years ago , and I still rate this as the worst present I have ever received . It is not fun in the least . I asked for Transformers and GI Joe guys , but I got this terrible game instead.What kid wants to do math for fun ? I do n't want to know that kid , because I 'd probably want to punch him in the stomach.To make matters worse , on the same Christmas morning that I got this horrible Smath game , my Dad ran over our pet cat.Parents , do your kid a favor , do not buy this game for them . It flat out sucks . Plus if you get it , your cat will get run over .
 5 word dicription
 It was a dark and stormy night . In a few days I would be returning to university from my winter break . With my family gone , I had the house to myself for New Years . Bored , I invited two friends I had had since I was 5 years old over to enjoy a nice stew I had prepared and hang out . Quickly bored with the stew , we raided my parents game closet for some diversion . We came up with ` Smath . At first it seemed an amusing way to pass the evening . So simple it seemed , Scrabble with numbers . But then the game began . It took 15 minutes of exchanging tiles before we were able to lay down the first equation . Tempers were already starting to rise . One of my friends berated me for thinking non-linearly to create a 413 point equation . Finally I relented , and put down a measly 12 point equation . It was then that we ran into an abyss that would shatter nearly 2 decades of friendship . A poorly worded rule involving the Bonus Squares led to conflict . We could not reach an accord . I suggested calling a friend to arbitrate our dispute , but was violently assualted with a berage of opposition that she was biased in my favor . With that we turned to the parent company , Pressman Toys Inc. , hoping that therein might lie the answers we so desperately sought . But it was not to be . -LSB- ... -RSB- Enraged , my two friends stormed to drive aimlessly around waiting for the New Year 's drunks to enter their vehicles and drive them off the road . It is likely I will never see them again . ` Smath has irrevocably altered my life for the worse . If you love your child in the least , you will not buy this game -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- for them . Furthermore , as a patriotic American , I beseech you not to in any way support the tyranny of Pressman Toys Inc. . And I sincerely hope that your New Year is better than the broken shell of a life that Pressman Toys Inc. and ` Smath in paticular has left me to .
 Scrabble is endlessly interesting , because it just keepsgetting more advanced as your abilities increase . Thesame is not true of ` Smath . The number of differentoperations is necessarily very limited , so the challengeis not very interesting . I 'd recommend this game for aclassroom , where many kids can enjoy it once or twice , but not for playing for fun .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 My 8 year old bought this , I tried to talk him out of it , but it was cheap -LRB- price -RRB- . Upon receiving it , he was excited to play with them , but soon after , they began to break ! Very cheaply made , but hey , what do you want for the price ??
 not what i thought this was a tag book my mistake but the batteries were covered with rust or acid
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The belt is very light weight and not a solid good belt for professionals . I would not buy this item again and have no use for it .
 Do not be fooled . This belt is rubbish and was useless after one training session . Would barely serve as a decoration .
 The links broke as soon as I had opened it ... It 's not durable at all it 's over all quality is n't the best or at least what I had expected . If you 're planning to use this for everyday wear this would not be suitable a one time thing it would be fixable . I myself would NEVER buy this item again .
 Worthless junk . Poorly prepared and slides do not show what they purport to show . Misleading from an educational standpoint . Do not buy . We returned all that we had ordered .
 Never made it , got my money back but left me out in the cold without my product I needed , if they are n't going to stock it and ship it do n't advertise it
 This toy car will make a perfect birthday present , the car was cheap but the shipping price was disgusting - you might as well save up and buy the real thing !!!!!
 Both of the floats that I purchased were defective . One did not hold any air in the large chamber and the other was very difficult to inflate and also had a leak .
 My son enjoyed taking the tools out of the carrier and spreading them around the floor . That was the extent of the entertainment value of this toy , As far as being a `` tool '' toy , it 's completely useless . The stuffed tools could really be any stuffed object as far as functionality goes . If you want to buy something `` tool-like '' , then go for a sturdy plastic tool set . If your child is not old enough for one of those , they are probably not old enough to understand the concept of tools anyway and you should spend your money on a different toy . I think a sale price lured me into buying these stuffed tools .
 This heat gun was a disappointment because it has no cool setting .9 times out of 10 after you heat something up you want to cool it down . This unit only has high heat and low heat . NO cool setting .
 Bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday -LRB- last May -RRB- , and I do n't think he has played with it more than a handful of times , for more than a couple minutes . I thought well maybe he was too young , but his older brother -LRB- 17 months older -RRB- is n't too much interested either . I bought this because it was shaped like a train -LRB- which they both love -RRB- and it taught numbers -LRB- up to 10 -RRB- . FYI , our sons are extremely active and rarely sit for more than a minute . The toy itself is just as the manufacturer describes .
 Beware if you hope to download your child 's spelling words to your LeapFrog product . The LeapLink requires you to enter the weekly spelling words on their website and then require you to buy this list back for download . They do initially give you enough credits to buy several lists.If your child 's spelling words are not on their approved list , you ca n't download that word without sending an e-mail requesting the word be added to the list.The user interface with this product is horrible . In order to download content , I had to answer four screens of information about me , and then register my child . There does not seem to be a way to personalize the child 's name until after he has downloaded content , played with it -LRB- all the while being called `` Dude '' -RRB- , and then uploaded . Each download/upload deducts from your credits.I am normally a techno-nerd , but the complexity of this product frustrated me to no end .
 The time and effort put into this leaplink would be better spent with your child . The cost of the downloads are unwarranted . Any of the original toys without the downloads are wonderful . The money spent of these download would buy several other wonderful educational toys .
 Our family has loved our Turbo Twist Spelling and thought it would be fun to get the Turbo Twist Math and the Leaplink to add even more excitement ... WRONG ! The online set up was way too involved . Finally we were ready to go and then discovered that we couldnt tailor the math facts as we had hoped . On top of those dissapointments , we discovered that it would cost us to download ! We paid enough for the products in the first place , the downloads should be free !!! Needless to say , my husband will be taking the Leaplink back to the store tomorrow ! As for the Turbo Twist Math , well that 's another review !
 The other reviews on here are correct . This camera was a piece of junk . I also have a eight year old that loves to take pictures . I thought this would be a great digital intro camera for him . The quality is terrible , the viewfinder is impossible to use , and the batteries barely lasted a week . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CAMERA !
 Please do n't make the same mistake I did . Camera died after 1 month of use . Before it died , the pics were of poor quality . Lots of `` white '' flash in every photo , regardless of the lighting adjustments . After the camera died , I contacted Digital Blue . They wo n't stand behind these over priced poorly made cameras . They would n't even entertain the idea that it was a defective product . Disney really needs to end their relationship with Digital Blue .
 Mala no , malisima . Camara muy pobre que lo que hace es hacerte perder tu dinero y frustrar a tu hijo al no lograr sacar una buena foto
 Sorry not what i thought it was size wise too small for my kids . Trying to send back but not getting help in doing that .
 I ca n't really say anything that has n't been said before . I bought this camera last July for my son 's 4th birthday . It is small , about the size of a box of matches . Too small for small hands.Has an LCD on the back , but it only shows picture number , no preview . No flash . Holds about 50-60 pictures , that my son went through in about 3 minutes . He did n't seem to care that he did n't see a preview , but never asked to use it again after we downloaded the first batch of pictures and no one could tell what was in them . I uploaded some examples.The viewfinder is not lined up with the lens so even pictures taken by an adult are bad and cut off . Indoor pictures were just terrible , outdoor pictures would n't be too bad if viewed only in small preview size , not printed , and if the viewfinder lined well enough to get pictures that were n't all decapitated and the side of the image ... shoulda just given him my old digital camera and bought a new one for myself ...
 Awful , Awful , Awful - it should be illegal to sell something this cheap . On first use , it lost all the pictures . On second use when I tried to plug it into the PC to download the stupid plug pulled out of the camera and pulled the camera 's usb plug with it - so now it 's worthless because pictures ca n't be downloaded . Cheapest thing I 've ever seen . DO NOT BUY !!!!! Ruined Christmas present for my daughter - fortunately I had warned her in advance that it likely would n't work . Thought it should at least be able to take and download a few fuzzy pictures tho - but we never even got that far ! Disney should really be ashamed to have their name on this product .
 I bought this camera for my daughter thinking it would be a great alternative to her using my digital camera . We both used it to take some pictures and we downloaded them using the enclosed software . All of the pictures came out so dark . They all looked like a blurry black picture of nothing.What a waste of money !!!!!
 My son got this for Christmas and its the biggest waste of money ! My younger son recieved the V-Tech camera and it has a quick shutter response and takes better pictures and has a ton more options and is a better price . It may not look `` cool '' , but its better quality than the Disney camera . All the pictures are useless and lacking quality . I have tried taking pictures with it thinking it was my son , who is 7 , and its not . Its the camera . It has a slow shutter response and either the child will move the camera or the subject will move before a picture is captured . I hate this thing and what a waste of money ! Do n't waste your money .
 Okay so these were like a really big deal during Christmas and i still have yet to figure out why . We keep up with all of the new electronics and this is probobly the worst buy weve made . The flash goes off when it feels like it and the button to take the pictue RARELY ever works ! Its really that bad .
 I thought that maybe some of these bad reviews were for the other models of the disney camera . It does n't matter ! I got the more expensive disney pix max camera -LRB- $ 75 -RRB- and it performed EXACTLY as every bad review on here states . Grainy pictures , way to bright with flash and too dark without . The wait time between pushing the button and the picture snapping is FOREVER.I am SO glad that I checked out the quality before giving it to my daughter . I will be taking this back tomorrow and looking for a new product .
 This camera is awful . My father got this camera for my daughter for Christmas on my reccomendation . I read the bad reviews and thought that it could n't be that bad ... well , it is . The view finder is so dark -LRB- even after trying all 3 adjustments -RRB- that you ca n't even make out what you 're looking at . That is what kids really want
 Unfortunately , I did n't do my homework on this one and got burned . This camera is a complete waste , I agree with the other poor reviews .
 I would have to agree with the terrible reviews already posted here for this product . In addition , I was unable to use the software to download pictures because I did not allow it to install a nasty keylogger spyware program . DO NOT buy this product , and if you have , fire up some good anti-spyware software , and get your money back . I wish I could give negative stars for this potentially damaging product .
 I found out it is too small for my daughter 's hand , even though she is 5 !
 I bought this camera for my little girl for Christmas , and it is a waste of money . It takes terrible pictures . The photo editing software is decent , but the photos are n't worth bothering to edit . Do not waste money on this camera !
 I bought this camera and a disney princess one for my daughters . The camera 's pictures always turn out blurry and it also has the habit of taking multiple pictures . Since there is no LCD screen you cant see what has been taken or if one was even taken , I ended up with about 10 pictures of my daughters legs .
 My son received this as a present for Christmas , and I ca n't imagine anyone buying this after seeing the already written reviews . DO NOT waste your money . We have not had 1 picture we could use or even see out of this thing . For the money , I do n't expect much , but I would have thought we could at least see the images in the photo ... but nope!Don ' t waste your money .
 This camara is very small . Easy to loose , and hard to see the picture . I wish I knoew this before I bought it .
 We bought two of these cameras for the grandkids , age 5 and 7 . Sad to say , neither one of them got any pictures . One camera wo n't even turn on , the other one downloads pictures via their software and then erases them , everywhere ! The pictures disappear . I ca n't say how the picture quality is because neither camera has produced any .
 I was so disappointed with this camera . We bought the Pirates of the Caribbean motif but it 's the same camera . I was so excited to give this to my son for his birthday . He is always begging to use my expensive cameras so I thought this would be a great gift . And it would have been if it took a decent picture . The best pictures taken by this camera are so grainy they are n't worth keeping . Now after wasting $ 60 -LRB- yes we paid a premium because we bought it at Disneyland - the happiest place on earth -RRB- I feel the need to go out and buy him a gift that actually works . Please , do n't waste your money by buying this camera .
 My mom got this for my 5 year-old for his birthday . The main interest was that it is a camera , and of course it was a nice bonus that it had the `` Cars '' theme . It is absolute junk . We 're currently looking to see if there are any other kid-friendly cameras that will take a half-way decent picture in a similar price-range . You 'd be better off just bying a toy camera , at least there is no expectation that you 'd get a picture you could make out . If you 'd like to get your child another `` Cars '' toy , just get him/her a toy car . So far , I 'd say those are the only `` Cars '' toys we have that are well made -LRB- assuming of course they do n't have lead paint -RRB- .
 i wanted the purple camera that said forever a princess o it and they sent me a pink thing with a yellow flower on it . i sent it back and so far they have not credited my account back nor sent me the one i wanted
 This camera is pretty much a waste of money . If your child 's goal is to take pictures , skip this product . It is difficult to take photos to begin with and once you do , they are grainy and of the poorest quality . I had a very disappointed little photographer : -LRB-
 Awful quality . Even 0.3 megapixels could produce pictures of a much better quality . Linear distortions and so on.Also , the description misses one important thing
 After spending the money with hopes of getting a really small camera that worked good i was very dissapointed . When i delete the pics i have taken the camera sticks on 00 . Then it want let me take another pic untill i change the battery . I would really like to know why i have to keep changing the battery to get it to work . I feel like there should be a recall on these cameras . These things cost too much for them not to be backed up with a warenty or a recall . I would never refer this camera to a person to buy . If there is anybody wanting the digital blue 602 disney pix micro cars digital camera i strongly suggest you keep your money in your pocket . These cameras are just trash . I had to give it one star to create this review but if i could i would give it a minus 5 star .
 Too little , I was expecting at least a medium size camera . Is too small that you can close your hand and it disappear . Wast of money . 4 tumbs down
 Proprietary cable needed to hook it up to your computer . Proprietary software needed to download the `` pictures '' -LRB- or rather , the mostly black smudges that are saved as pictures , and this was me taking the pictures with careful lighting -RRB- . Not that the camera is very good at keeping the pictures stored , anyway . There 's no way to know when the required AAA battery is low . And my 3-year-old took one look at the size of this thing -LRB- it can fit in his baby brother 's mouth -RRB- and went back to my camera . Fortunately , this was a gift , so we did n't pay for it . Unfortunately , we opened it .
 I did n't realize how many bad reviews were on this camera . I had seen some great reviews on it and bought it for my son for Christmas . The program wo n't even download onto our computer even though we have all that it needs to do so . It does n't have a screen so that he can see what shots he got . It is a simple waste of money . I am not pleased at all . I am now going to have to go and get him another one and just toss this one .
 Do n't even waste your time with this.Picture quality is a P.O.S.There are better products in the market for ab out the same price .
 I would NOT recommend this camera . The screen to view the pictures is extremely small . The few pictures we took were not clear on the viewer and its very cheaply made . It is not worth the money .
 My kids are always stealing my expensive Canon digital camera , so I bought 2 of these Disney cameras for them . They like to photograph silly things like their feet , their toys , and their lunch . This Disney camera is not even applicable to such silly-fun photography . I was fair warned that the pictures would be grainy when downloaded -LRB- only 1 megapixel -RRB- , but I hoped that the act of photographing stuff would be a fun activity for the kids . No so . The LCD screen on the back of the camera is completely useless , as you can barely even make out objects within 1-2 feet away . When preparing to take a picture , you must hold the camera very still and about 12 inches from the subject . When using such a technique , you will be able to make out the outline of the object , at best . After the kids gave the cameras a try and discovered that the LCD images were impossible to decipher , the cameras were left in the bottom of the toy box . Do not waste money on this camera .
 Really a piece of junk . The software it comes with is fairly good but not worth it . No flash , the viewfinder was way off so in the event you did get a good picture the person 's head was cut off . You really ca n't take a picture with these and expect it to turn out . My girls liked them , they looked cool but an absolute piece of junk . You had to have a very steady hand to get a picture that was n't blurred . My girls did n't have that steady hand . Thankfully the store took them back with no questions . Save yourself a hassel and just do n't buy them .
 I bought this camera for my daughter for her sixth birthday . She is quite familiar with picture taking as she uses my $ 400 Kodak digital camera all the time and takes really good pictures . I figured this would be perfect for her and I would n't have to worry about my expensive camera . I should have known that you get what you pay for ! First , there is no screen on the back so you have to wait to see your pictures until you get to a computer . And it only holds 40 pictures . What do we do when we 're on vacation and she 's taking LOTS of pictures ??? And then - worst of all , THERE 'S NO FLASH . It 's only good outside and then the pictures are just OK , but good enough for a 6-year-old . I turned on the light right above me - 75 watt bulb - and took a picture of myself and it was dark , you could barely make out my features . Go a few extra bucks and get a good camera that you do n't have to replace in a few months because the kids get bored with it ! Now I have to get another one for Christmas for her .
 The camera , although attractive in packaging , does not work at all . It would not download to a computer , did not flash and has numerous other negative features .
 This product is JUNK . It has no flash and does not work well even in sunlight , that is if you can get it to work . It is now three days after Christmas and one of them is already broken and wo n't delete the pictures . I would n't recomend this to anyone .
 My kids are always stealing my expensive Canon digital camera , so I bought 2 of these Disney cameras for them . They like to photograph silly things like their feet , their toys , and their lunch . This Disney camera is not even applicable to such silly-fun photography . I was fair warned that the pictures would be grainy when downloaded -LRB- only 1 megapixel -RRB- , but I hoped that the act of photographing stuff would be a fun activity for the kids . No so . The LCD screen on the back of the camera is completely useless , as you can barely even make out objects within 1-2 feet away . When preparing to take a picture , you must hold the camera very still and about 12 inches from the subject . When using such a technique , you will be able to make out the outline of the object , at best . After the kids gave the cameras a try and discovered that the LCD images were impossible to decipher , the cameras were left in the bottom of the toy box . Do not waste money on this camera .
 Do NOT buy this camera . It does n't work well at all and will fail in a very short peroid of time . The software file is huge and not user friendly at all . Installing it nearly messed up my PC and I had to spend an hour doing a system restore to get my computer back in order . The camera itself may seem cute but the images are very low res . Mine quit after about 5 shots and never worked again . Do n't waste your time or money on this hunk of plastic junk .
 Picture quality is horrible and that 's with decent light . Forget anything darker than a very bright room.The overlay thing can be kind of fun for the kids but the almost indistinguishable photo part will keep it from lasting.It 's fairly sturdy , more than a standard camera anyway.You 're better off getting a used 1 or 2 megapixel camera at the same price.For some reason I ca n't give this thing less than 2 stars . It really only gets a 1 from me .
 The camera is cute . My little girl loves it . Those are the good points . The software file is HUGE ! The Photos are dark and cruddy . There is no flash , so that accounts for the darkness . The photos are constantly off center . I have yet to find a way to get a photo of what I actually wanted . It sucks down batteries like nobody 's business . I have had to change the battery every 3 days . It 's a great toy for my 2 year old because she loves the thought of a camera that fits her little hands and makes a noise when she takes a photo . Otherwise , it 's a waste of money . Disney really missed the mark on this one .
 you can hardly see the screen , the pictures come out with terrible quality and it was difficult for my daughter to use .
 This camera is really small but has no viewer screen . We ended up getting a different camera for our 7 yr old .
 This camera may be good for kids , but they can take better quality pictures on a cell phone . The viewing screen is terrible . The flash is n't very good either . You need to take the pictures in a room with tons of light or outside in the bright sun . I was very disappointed , and I doubt this camera will ever be used .
 This product is horrible ! My 6 year old recieved this present for Xmas and we just opened it today . You can not see out the viewfinder ... it is like watching a bad digital movie . . the people and object do not come into focusYou literally can not see what you are taking a picture of!So we tried to download the pictures ... such horrible quality !! This is going back today !
 My daughter wants a digital camera more than just about anything . She received this Disney Pix for Christmas . The camera is a complete disappointment . First of all we had to go to the support website to find out the software that comes with the camera does NOT work with Vista , and they tell you to download something else . I followed all the directions -LRB- I am very software-friendly and have lots of experience with software so I did n't think this would be a problem -RRB- and got the new software installed and everytime we try to download the pictures the software freezes and wo n't do anything at all . After several very frustrating attempts at getting this camera to work on my brand new computer system -LRB- including uninstalling and starting all over again -RRB- , I am giving up and getting her a different camera altogether . If you 're shopping for a child 's camera , STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS ONE !!! I wish I 'd had the luxury of reading the reviews on this one before she got it as a gift , but I had no idea anyone was planning on getting her one . Now after the hectic holiday , I do n't even know who gave it to her , so I can not ask for a gift receipt to return it !! Thanks Disney / Digital Blue for creating a situation of disappointment for a 6 year old and making lots of tears , not to mention alot of wasted time on my part . I will never buy another Digital Blue product .
 I bought three of these for my three children who love to take pictures with my expensive camera -- so at $ 49.99 each that would be $ 150 ! I should have just bought a low-end real digital camera for them to share . This is the worst product and if I were Disney Inc. , I would be embarrassed to have my name on it . The pics are grainy at best , but since you can not possibly see what you are taking pictures of -LRB- due to the LCD monitor being neglible -RRB- what can you expect . Take a pass on this one . It is truly sad that this is such an inferior camera .
 The pictures are horrible . It is not worth the money . You can not even make out what you are taking a picture of on the display . Do n't waste your money .
 Other reviews are helpful but thought I would let you guys know that i did get the software to install finally and got some pictures downloaded just to find out it does n't even take pictures of what you are focusing on . We took numerous pictures and everyone was off . The subject was n't even in the picture . We tried different strategies but ca n't figure out how to get the thing centered on what you are trying to take a picture of . Complete waste .
 This will not work with a MAC computer . I called the customer care people and they basically told me to buy a PC ! Yea like I am going to go buy a PC for this crappy little camera !
 The picture quality stinks . WHen downloaded , they are all black !!!! Even when taken in extreme bright light . !!!!!! I will never buy another disney product . What a rip-off . A sheer disgrace .
 It was someone 's JOB to try this camera at Disney Consumer Products . They must have been playing golf with their Digital Blue distributor or passed out in a Bangkok brothel the day this piece of garbage came in for review . If it takes an end-user consumer like myself , or the others here who have purchased this thing to determine that it takes cruddy pictures and does n't support even the most basic of USB standards , so a Macintosh computer can recognize it , then something is wrong in Mouseville . If I were Disney 's largest shareholder , who spent the last seven years not only schooling their theatrical animation departments , but also their digital media distribution departments , I would be upset that this device does n't support a Mac.However , rather than let these folks go nameless and blameless , I will name names . From http://licensing.disney.com/Andy Mooney , Chairman , Disney Consumer ProductsMark Coleman , SVP & GM Disney Consumer Products , N. AmericaVince Klaseus , SVP Global ToysHopefully , when these guys are doing vanity searches on Google , this little review will pop up . Merry Christmas jerks .
 With a perfect price point for aggressive little hands I thought this might be a perfect gift for a child I know . Sadly there is absolutely no support for Macintosh computers . Shame on the manufacturer for not using industry standard technologies to deliver what seems like a great idea.I was unable to get any further than taking a couple of snapshots and attempting to connect with iPhoto . This can not even be mounted as a removable drive . I can not recommend avoiding this device -LRB- or anything else this company makes -RRB- any more intensely without being rude .
 I ca n't really say anything that has n't been said before . I bought this camera last July for my son 's 4th birthday . It is small , about the size of a box of matches . Too small for small hands.Has an LCD on the back , but it only shows picture number , no preview . No flash . Holds about 50-60 pictures , that my son went through in about 3 minutes . He did n't seem to care that he did n't see a preview , but never asked to use it again after we downloaded the first batch of pictures and no one could tell what was in them . I uploaded some examples.The viewfinder is not lined up with the lens so even pictures taken by an adult are bad and cut off . Indoor pictures were just terrible , outdoor pictures would n't be too bad if viewed only in small preview size , not printed , and if the viewfinder lined up well enough that at least an adult could capture what they were looking at , and not decapitated lopsided pictures ... shoulda just given him my old digital camera and bought a new one for myself ...
 I bought this camera for my 6 year old . I tried to get a cute camera that still fuctioned as well as a `` real '' digital camera . The LCD screen is what you use for the viewfinder , which would be fine if it ever focused . Basically , the LCD screen is horrible . I have not loaded the pictures on my laptop yet , so I do n't know if it actually takes good pictures or not , but as of right now , I am really unhappy with this camera . I wish that I would have skipped the cute pink color and just went for function . My daughter is disappointed in the camera as well . She prefers to use my old digital camera -LRB- 8 years old and still works better than this one -RRB- .
 This product would have to be promoted four levels just to reach the designation `` Garbage '' . LCD screen ? Horrid . Time between pressing the button to shoot and the actual shot ? About as long as the end to Hey Jude . It shames me to admit I live in a country that would allow such junk to be sold under the guise of quality . And for Disney to put their name on it is reprehensible . You buy this camera , you can cross your name off the list of people who have a brain -LRB- I need the company -RRB- .
 Two of my daughters received these cameras for Christmas and were both very disappointed at how bad the pictures turned out . I tried to tell them that it takes practice to get good pictures but even when I used it the pictures turned out horrible . It is also disappointing that there is no screen to view the pictures and that they have to wait to see them on the computer . I have not seen either of my girls use these since the week of Christmas , huge waist of money .
 This camera was purchased for Christmas for our daughter . My daughter does not even use this camera after she has wanted a camera for so long.The screen is very small and the pictures are not clear at all . This camera in not worth the price it is retailed for . I would not recommend this camera . I am very disappointed with this product . It would be better to purchase a regular digital camera for your money 's worth . You are paying for the Disney name , not the quality of the camera .
 DO NOT BUY THIS JUNKY CAMERA . I got this camera as a Christmas gift so I did not see the reviews until I visited this website . What a waste of $ 50 ! The pictures are grainy and washed out . The LCD is so small , and dark that you can not even see the subject of the picture . The SW did not work . We returned the camera immediately and got our money back .
 I got this camera for my son , and we know how well most kids take pictures . The reviews do n't lie , you need a very steady hand , full daylight , and even then you MIGHT get an ok picture . Do n't waste your time on this .
 The camera is nice but tiny & it does n't have a viewer -LRB- little kids like to see the pictures even when they are blurry or if they took a photo of the dog 's tail -RRB- That 's why I do n't recommend it for younger children .
 I bought this camera for Christmas for my 6 year old soon instead of the fisher price kids digital camera . I thought being a 3mp it would produce better quality than the fisher price . I was mistaken . Even after transferring the images to my computer they are fuzzy , poor quality , and the lighting absolutely sucks . When the flash is on it washes everything out , when its off you ca n't see the subject at all if the picture is taken inside . We have not been able to try it outdoors yet . My son was able to figure out the features and it is easy for him to use . He enjoys the camera and does n't seem to have any complaints about it . I should have spent a little extra money and gotten him a cheap namebrand camera made for adults . I would not suggest this camera for other children if you are looking for printable pictures .
 As if you need yet another poor review to tell you to save your money and NOT buy this camera . I found myself wishing I could give this camera 0 stars ! The image quality on the LCD is so poor - you can not even tell what the photo was supposed to be of ! Once downloaded , the pictures are grainy - as expected due to the low resolution . If you do not hold the camera perfectly still , the image is blurred beyond recognition . And let 's face it - what 6 -LRB- or 7 or 8 or ... -RRB- can hold perfectly still for any amount of time ? Do not buy this camera . It will frustrated you as well as your young , budding photographer !
 My 10 year old son got this camera for his b-day . He took tons of pictures while out of town , and once home we tried to load them on my computer . The software would not recognize that the camera was plugged in and after searching the internet I finally had to uninstall and download from the digital blue website . Once we saw the pictures we were so disapointed , all of the outdoor photos -LRB- about 90 % of the pictures -RRB- had an overhelming purple hue to them . The indoor pictures were ok , as long as the camera was not too close to the subject -LRB- because the flash would white out the subject -RRB- . Save your money , do not buy this camera .
 I bought this camera last year for my then six year old son . The camera has no flash and can basically only be used outdoors . Even then , the shots are extremely blurry . I 'd be embarrassed to give this thing away . Pay a few extra bucks and get a camera that works .
 I 'm surprised that they could n't get better quality photos in a $ 50 camera . The quality looked like my RAZR phone years ago . The flash made the photos way too bright and actually worked better without . My 8yr old loves taking pictures but it would be so much better if it took good pictures .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ... My daughter keeps losing the pictures she took and now it 's stuck on the viewing screen and we ca n't get it to do anything including turn off . I am trying to save any pictures that may still be on there but now my computers will not recognize it.This camera has been nothing but trouble and disappointment .
 I purchased this camera for my 7-year-old Daughter . It looks like a cute little camera but the pictures that it takes are horrible . They are so blurry and so dark that you can hardly see anything . The camera does n't have any type of flash and it is badly needed . We even tried taking pictures in very bright light and the pictures still look like they were taken outside at midnight without a flash . I do n't leave 1 star reviews very often but I feel this camera is very deserving of it .
 For those who said this camera does not have a flash - they are wrong . It has a flash . Someone also said it only holds 35 pictures . Wrong again . We had 145 pictures on his camera before I moved them over to the computer and it was not out of space . I recommend only getting this for a small child . It does have a display to see the picture , but it is very small .
 We ordered this camera for our nephew and the princess version for our daughter . When they arrived , we were totally surprised by their size , they are so small they fit in the palm of your hand . It is more like a toy than a camera . The next surprise was that they do n't work with our computer 's operating system , so we needed to return it , our nephew did have a windows based pc , but based on the quality of the camera we returned both of them for a full refund . It is just not worth the money , even though it is inexpensive to begin with .
 We bought this for our son , a fan of Cars and also a kid who always wants to use the digital camera and wants to see the picture after it is taken . We had wanted the Fisher-Price camera that was sold out everywhere . The LCD display is awful , can not make out the subject when you are taking a picture nor when reviewing . The pictures are all terrible - put them on the computer today - both those taken by our child and those taken by the parents . He can easily take a decent photo with my old Canon S 110 and with my cell phone.So , let 's hope that Best Buy will take this back !
 The camera uses a proprietary USB that does not work on a Mac . I was n't concerned about using the bundled software , but it can not be used with iPhoto either .
 I purchased this for my son , after buying one on constructive playthings for xmas that turned out to be junk . The first cars camera didnt even work so I took it back and exchanged for another ... it wasnt even compatable with my Vista computer so I couldnt even download the software , you couldnt even tell when you were taking pictures , total waste and now I find myself looking for another one ... ugh
 I recently bought this product because of all the extra benefits it said it had . If you buy a leap link to go with it you can customize it to meet your childs needs . You can also keep track of how well your child is doing . You can download new games and activites . Well guess what , NONE of these capablities are ready yet . I e-mailed their technical support and they said their web site wo n't be ready to do all of this until maybe mid-november . So basically they are selling a product that is not ready yet . Is n't that called false advertising ? If you are thinking about buying this product WAIT ! It does have great potential . I just think they should of waited to put it on the market until their product was ready to do ALL it said it could do !!
 I bought this for my child to help her with her math facts better . I am pretty disappointed -LRB- I should have listened to my husband ! -RRB- Flash cards would be just as effective and a lot less expensive . It is cumbersome to use and is not fast , even I can only answer 11 facts in 90 seconds -LRB- and it is not because I do n't know them -RRB- . I thought it would have be fast and have a snappy beat -LRB- along the lines of the Bop It Game . I was wrong on both accounts . It lost its appeal after about 1 hour .
 I would definitely not recomend this toy to ALL . It 's not worth its cost . My daughter bought a Turbo Twist Maths . She plays with it then after a few minutes puts it down and says that she 's bored . She has played with this toy various times and has finished all of the questions so that everything is repeating over and over again . All Leapfrog toys are like this , NEVER EVER BUY THEM .
 I bought the Turbo Twist Math for my 1st grade son because I remembered using , and loving the 1976 TI Little Professor as a child . I wanted to give him a head start in learning basic math . The repetition and fun way of learning really help in school . Boy am I disappointed in this product.My biggest complaint is the inability to change the level for the user . The `` Learn It '' section is the only section that allows me to set the level of math . This section basically just reads math problems and their answers -LRB- Not what I had in mind -RRB- . Problems can be in any flavor and at any level , that 's good . But switch to `` Quiz Time '' or `` Beat the Clock '' , where a child has to actually answer a question , and the level is forgotten and is unsettable.As a test I started with `` Learn It '' showing me things like 3 +3 = 6 , 7 +3 = 10 , when I go to `` Quiz Time '' , it gives me problems like 67 +72 = ? . How does this help my child learn math ? This only frustrates kids that want to do well.I am also very disappointed in aspects in the approach to learning that the game makes :1 . Shows you the question and answer . -LRB- good start -RRB- 2 . Shows you the question , multiple choice answer . -LRB- good idea -RRB- 3 . Shows Question , lets child enter answer manually -LRB- would be good but -RRB- have to beat the clock to do it . -LRB- bad , should be optional clock or second game that has no clock -RRB- 4 . Story problems -LRB- good idea , but story is not shown on screen , just read to the child . + story problems are hokey at best . -RRB- Overall I am very disappointed with this product . My child was excited while opening it , but lost interest right away when the questions were not to his level . I suspect that the cartridges or possibly the internet connection would enhance this product , but I refuse to spend more money on a disapointing toy . I wish that I could have played with this before purchasing.Do not buy this product without using it first to make sure that it does what you think it will do .
 I am very disappointed in the Turbo Twist Math product . The skill level can only be adjusted for the Learn It mode . This mode only displays questions and answers without any interaction from the child . The questions asked in other quiz modes range from 2 +3 to 81 + 256 . My child was very frustrated . Even a child that could answer 81 + 256 in their head would not want to work through the 2 +3 questions . Not being able to adjust the skill level on all modes is a huge design fault . This toy was a waste of money !
 This is great product , however , in order to download spelling words you must order a subscription for $ 30/year . How hard would it be for them to include the software ? I was disappointed because I want to use this for many years and think it 's a bit ridiculous . I just wanted to warn everyone because this fact was not advertised on the Leap Frog website or any where else when I was researching this . I feel a bit ripped off ! : -RRB-
 For those of you who are looking to purchase the Turbo Twist Spelling , Math or other products ; please be advised to visit the website at www.leapfrog.com first . The packaging shows that additional downloadable material is available from the website which adds new spelling words and games and gives you the ability to download your child 's school spelling list . I was led to believe by the packaging that this was included in your purchase price but it is not . You must purchase this additional information at what I considered to be a high price considering the price of the product itself and the additional equipment that you must purchase to complete the downloads .
 It is a major hassle to download the spelling words each week . You have to buy a special interface for the computer , you have to pay to download words , you have to navigate the horribly slow leapfrog site , and you can only download words `` approved '' by the experts at LeapFrog . Every week , between 6 & 30 % of my son 's spelling list is not on the approved list . Tech support is very uninformed on the product , and although they claim you can e-mail them to have words added to the list , there is never any response or action taken as a result of these e-mails . I am generally pleased with LeapFrog toys , but this one is a huge dud .
 I would have really enjoyed this very simple and relaxing gift if the kit had been complete . There was no calligraphy paper in the folded box at the bottom of the kit . What a bummer !!
 I got my first Fur Family book with real rabbit skin in 1946 ... first edition.The toy is cute , and is a valued part of my Margret Wise Brown collection ... but the toy is somewhat smaller than the 5 '' advertised and not as fluffy as the picture.It is reasonably well made and detailed . Definitely a collectible and not something I would give to my little grandkids to play with . The price is a bit steep for the size of the toy .
 My 2 daughters spent a long time painting the plates and did some beautiful designs , only for them to start coming off as soon as the paint dried . The painted plates are useless , if even a drop of water hits the paint it comes off -- Since the product is using glass plates which only older children can handle I think they would be responsible to handle proper glass paint as well . WHat a waste of our money and our daughters ' time . The initial `` fun '' factor was higher but quickly dropped to zero -LRB- but I had to select at least one star ! -RRB- after the girls realized the artwork would n't last
 My pet mountain lion named spanker `` speedfeet '' Johnson cold n't find out how to record songs . When my pet chimpanzee tried to help they both got electracuted and died . The chimpanzee was oh so sweet and ill miss him dearly . When I get my bear you guys better watch out . or else ! Just kidding
 I expected this to work like a regular microphone , but the only time I could hear my own voice is when I used the playback button . My son threw the `` microphone '' down when he sang into it and could n't hear himself .
 My daughter recieved this toy as a christmas present and I thought she would love it . But , she wo n't even give it a second look . First of all , the pieces do not fit in it very well and I think she gets a little frustrated with it . Secondly , I ca n't find a volume switch ! Those toys that come with a volume switch are wonderful !
 My 6 year old received this gift as a birthday gift . After two attempts and near tears we have given up trying to make this poorly designed toy . The plaster dries immediately , making it impossible to shape and decorate the stepping stone . I have found that Creativity for Kids generally does a poor job designing art kits . It should be pulled from the market .
 tried these things with granddaughters 9 and 7 , who are good little crafters . result was horrible . ` tho we carefully measured , the first was too dry to work with ; the 2nd a bit wetter , but the stones did n't stick . grampop had to glue them on . the girls worked very quickly as advised and had their designs ready to go . mine was a total disaster .
 I did not know how to play chess , and bought this to teach my kids , I expected a crash course , but was disappointed : On the plus side : - The diagram with a reminder of the pieces movements is great . - The board has some cheat-sheet features about the starting positions of the pieces - nice ! - The smaller sized board is a great ideaHowever : - The fold produces a bump right through the center squares , and the pieces do n't stand straight -- distracting for kids . - The `` instructions '' consist in no more than a big folded sheet , starting from right to left -LRB- wow ... -RRB- , with just a few lines per piece . Not enough at all for a complete beginner.If you know how to play chess yourself , this is probably prefect for you to use to teach someone else . As a complete beginner however , this was of little use to me , and I had to buy another game with more details . I had better luck with Wonder Chess instead , which has a complete manual , with easy exercises , diagrams , answers etc. .
 Although the description now acknowledges that this outfit does not fit American Girl dolls , the original marketing of the dress indicated that it would . The material is beautiful , but the dress is a bit complicated for little hands , and of course the fact that it did not fit my daughter 's doll caused great disappointment . While I appreciate that Amazon has now corrected the description , it did no good for those of us who bought the misrepresented outfit .
 quality of wood in kit is very poor . much of it broke/crumbled while simply unpacking it . no plans to build this kit as a result and very disapointed with it .
 I received this as a gift for Christmas . I 'll start by saying the game itself is interesting and fun -- if you can actually get enough people together to play . You have to have at least 5 people . Also , you hardly get anything for the amount of money you spend -- you get a tiny box , and the only contents are a stack of cards and one fold-out page of instructions.The cards only serve to let players know what role they play -LRB- villager , cult member , seer , etc. -RRB- You could easily just write the roles on pieces of paper . The rules are incredibly simple -LRB- they fit on a single small piece of paper -RRB- , so that gameplay is very limited.Honestly , I would n't recommend this to anyone . It feels more like the kind of game you can find directions for free online . Again , this is n't really a board game , and it is n't really card game , as the cards do n't really serve any purpose once you are assigned your role . If you pay $ 20 for this , you 're going to be disappointed when you open the box ...
 I probably should n't review this , since I 've never played it , but I did buy it , and Amazon keeps begging me to ` be the first . ' As a Lovecraft fan , I ordered this on reflex without much research . Only after it arrived did I notice the fine print that it requires a room full of people to play - there are no two-person or ` solitaire ' rule sets - it 's not that kind of game . In fact , the cards are hardly necessary at all - after reading the rules you realize that you can practically play this game by just ripping some strips of paper and handing them around . The fun , it appears , comes from it being a social activity and the cards are very simple props . Sadly , I ca n't remember the last time I had a dozen Lovecraft fans all in one room at one time , looking to play a party game , so this will probably just sit on the shelf forever .
 This was very inexpensive and it showed in the quality . The ` amp ' was little more than a small speaker w / a line-in hole . The guitar had some rough edges and scratches , but we got what we paid for . Had I to do it again I 'd go the music store route . Little difference in price and w / an instrument , perception of the potential player is oh so important - especially in a young one .
 This toy does not work as promised , gets stuck while turning and does n't properly turn into a mermaid or back to Dora . I am glad I got it for less than half price . My daughter did enjoy it for a while , but she did n't even notice when Dora , uh , went to the farm -LRB- was donated to another `` lucky '' child -RRB- .
 I bought this for my 4yr old for Christmas and it lasted all of 2days before it broke and stopped working . I had a very disappointed child on my hands .
 i , LIKE MANY OTHERS , FOUND THIS ITEM WAY BELOW THE COST OF RETAIL OF 30 BLUCKS AND BOY AM I GLAD . FIRST , AFTER REPLACING THE BATTERIES , THE DOLL GETS STUCK IN THE TWIRL , GOING BACK AND FORTH AND NOT MAKING ANY SOUNDS . MY DAUGHTER LOVES DORA , SO THIS IS JUST A MINOR FLAW TO HER ... BUT THEN AGAIN , SHE IS ONLY 3 ... AND THE DOLL ITSELF HAS A SEASHELL YOU CAN PRESS AND THE DOLL IS SUPPOSED TO DO SOMETHING . . WHICH IT DOES NOT , EITHER ON OR OFF THE BASE . I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND IT FOR ANY CHILD ABOVE 4 AND DEFINATELY NOT AT REGULAR PURCHASE PRICE .
 I purchased Dora Sparkle & Twirl Mermaid Doll for my granddaughter 's 4th birthday , along with the other Dora dolls which go with it . The problem is that the base does not work , will not turn properly and just gets stuck in one position . I changed all 7 batteries , still with no luck and again changed them today when I brought the toy to my granddaughter !! What a waste of money and time , I 'm so very disappointed in this Fisher-Price item .
 My daughter is a huge Dora fan . I 've seen this toy in stores and tested it out . It seemed boring so decided not to buy it . Later , I found it for less than $ 10 on Amazon . The retail price is from $ 30 - $ 40 . I thought it was a great deal therefore I purchased it . My 2 year old likes the twirling . She does it over and over again . But that 's about it . The doll of Dora is removable but stiff and heavy so she does n't carry her along . She does comb Dora 's hair with the comb provided and she wears the barret . Dora also tells a story . I suppose if you buy the other dolls sold seperately , they each tell a different story . I 'm not planning on buying any . Overall , it was played with for about a week . But it 's been about a month ago and she has n't touched it again .
 Same problem as the others , skirt works occasionally . Poor kid thinks it needs batteries . Unfortunately , she trashed the packaging in her excitement and we did n't notice it was broken until the Christmas trash was long gone . No details on how to correct the problem available anywhere either and it 's obviously not an isolated incident.Overpriced and poorly made .
 This doll is supposed to spin and the skirt come up to reveal legs and then go down to look like a mermaid again . It did n't work properly from the first time out of the box . Although it has performed a few times my three-year-old daughter has given up on it and so have we.A horrible waste of money as we paid full price and only got a fraction of performance . My daughter has lost interest after just one day because the doll does not change as advertised , it gets stuck and wo n't spin.Junk ! Save your money .
 My child -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- likes this toy , but all it does is spin around , use batteries , and the `` tail '' goes up and down . Fortunately , the doll is removable from the base , but she does n't play with it that way.I only purchased it because she 'd seen it on TV and requested it for Christmas .
 We purchased this doll for our grand daughter 's birthday . It worked twice then quit . What a dissapointment to our grand daughter . She was broken hearted . All the other Dora Items we have purchased seem to be ok but this one just did n't work . Nothing about it worked . The talking did not work either . It should be taken off the market. , I have heard the same thing happend to others that have purchased this toy .
 Terrible waste of money ! My four year old was so dissapointed when she finally got this for her birthday . It does talk and move and sing but the skirt does not retract fully . Instead of turning around it gets stuck and goes back and forth over and over and the skirt does n't fully retract . Because this a mermaid doll she was expecting to bath with it . She could n't understand that this mermaid does n't go into the water . Very large and chunky . I figured it being a `` SPARKLE '' Dora the base or something would light up or be sparkly but there are no sparkles except on the malfunctioning skirt . Big dull dud . Do n't waste you money .
 thank goodness we got this product on sale from amazon ; like other reviewers our dora twirled flawlessly a few times before her skirt got stuck and did not work properly anymore ; my daughter still likes to play with it and in the end that 's all that matters to us ; not worth the retail price but ok if you get it on sale
 Bought this for a Christmas gift . I does n't have nearly enough stuffing in it , the neck bends and droops . The head was deformed and the back lacked detail . I was able to fix most with some simpple stitching , but unchanged the product is very disappointing .
 I Bought it just because i thought it would fly . It is the worst airplane i 'll ever buy . This thing is so stupid .
 I Just got the Package to day it 's Nothingbut Tissue Paper and very Flemsyit 's Nothing But a Model do n't buy this Plane unlessyou just want a Regular Model !
 It was a present and I was very disappointed when the ball broke in half the first time it was played with .
 I 've played with versions of this that really stop and turn around quite fast and long . This one barely turns the opposite way at all , lil disappointing .
 I ordered a `` Mozart Magic Cube Ages 6 months + 1 ea '' from this site , but what I received is a `` Mozart Magic Cube '' . The former is rated at the weight 1.9 lbs the latter is at 1.6 . Price I paid for is $ 29.99 the one I got is sold at this site at $ 16.99 . I know Embryonics morphed into Munchkin , and the new company had been marketing an inferior imitation , before I placed the order . If you look at carefully the pictures of the Magic Cube advertised by -LSB- ... -RSB- , the color scheme is different from the inferior regular Munchkin item
 This cube plays very synthetic sounding imitations of various instruments that are represented on buttons for baby to push . The music is slightly out of tune and definitely does n't sound anything like an actual piano , harp , etc - not sure why they did n't just capture recordings of the actual instruments , rather than use a cheap synthesizer , but they did n't . I have no idea how you could possibly claim this toy is educational . The sounds played do n't match any actual instrumental sounds and the baby does nothing more than press a button to make it go . Maracas , bells , a small piano or keyboard , a little drum - any kind of actual , basic , musical instrument would make a much better toy , developmentally , for baby , in my opinion . The Mozart Cube requires very little effort from the child and does n't encourage creative play.That being said , our 1 year old does love to push the buttons and hear the music . It 's exciting for him and I do n't think it 's a harmful toy - just an annoying one for mom and dad . I recommend looking at the musical toys Hoener makes for children if you want a toy that makes noise or introduces baby to music . There are all kinds of different options , they are affordable , and will give you more bang for your buck !
 We ordered this toy from Drugstore.com , which showed a picture of an older model , not the new `` upgraded '' toy . The idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar . The `` music '' is tinny and unattractive . Apparently , the older model had better sound quality , which is why I went with this vendor . However , communicating with Drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle . The also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer . I would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners -LRB- the older model -RRB- or buying it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it . If you are going to purchase on Amazon , consider another vendor . Very disappointed . I will not do business with this vendor again .
 This toy is so out of tune . I changed the batteries hoping that would solve it , but no . It 's really bad .
 I love that there is an off switch , and it would be very difficult for a baby to turn it on . My baby received this as a Christmas gift , and she likes it quite a bit , hence the second star . But why , oh why , did n't they put a volume switch on this thing though ?! My older children like to turn this on to play with their little sister , and it is ok for the first few minutes , but it is so darned LOUD , I 'm practically loosing my mind . I have to take it away , so what is the point of having a toy that gets forgotten about in a cupboard somewhere?As for good points , there are lots of colors obviously , and baby can choose just one instrument or the whole orchestra sha-bang . The individual instruments do n't REALLY sound authentic , but it was a nice try . The musical arrangement was a nice choice , too . But please MUNCHKIN , for the sanity of future parents receiving this as a gift , put a volume control on it !!! If you are looking for a great gift for a parent , seriously considerPlayskool Busy Poppin ' Pals -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB- , it 's lasted through 3 kids , six years , and still going strong . It 's nice and quiet , too .
 Worked great for about a month , then it broke and no longer plays music . Not for toddlers who like to throw things .
 I gave my new granddaughter this toy for Christmas . It seemed like a great product but turned out to be playing off key . My daughter-in-law gave it back to me . Who wants to give the kid a tin ear for life . I will return it if possible .
 This item is extremely overpriced for what you get . The sound is awful and the song selection is limited . The instruments sound nothing like they would in `` real life '' and , for the price , they should . I 'm a big fan of Neurosmith products -LRB- too bad they 're O-O-B -RRB- . If you can find them through other outlets -LRB- eBay , Overstock -RRB- - and are looking for products that truly represent what music should sound like - check them out -LRB- a few recommendations - Sunshine Symphony , Pet Me Platypus ... or the music blocks -RRB- . Overall , a good idea but poor delivery - improve on the sound quality .
 My son really enjoyed the Mozart cube , but it did n't last very long . It stopped working after less than 2 weeks of use . I changed the batteries , but it still did n't work . It is just too pricey for the amount of time that it lasted .
