 This is a good pure strategy game but it has one defect that limits it for older players . The Original Gobblet is 4x4 and is a fun complex sophisticated strategy game , but it 's also a long game not suited to 6 year olds just getting started in board games . Gobblet Junior looked like great idea when I bought it . 3x3 meant games would end quickly but teach the basic stategy . Perfect for a 6 year old.The problem is that the person who goes first can force the win . This force is not perfectly simple as it not a pre-determined set of moves but is rather like a predetermined set of responses . So if you can memorize chess openings or checker openings then you can always win this game.The good news is that until the child comes to realize this and seek tat solution it is a good game a teaching how to think several moves ahead . it is fun . But eventually one realizes it is a won game and a lot of the fascination is lost . So it 's good training for many month , then you need to buy a 4x4 .
 These wraps were not doing anything when we placed them in `` hot '' water . We searched the internet and found others having the same problem . The instructions are very poor . First off , you need to dip in boiling water -LRB- or at least some temperature level above what I would call hot -RRB- . Second , the instructions do n't describe what should happen , should the image shrink around the egg , transfer to it -- what?Needless to say , it was frustrating for a minute or two , but my wife - who is very intelligent and great in the kitchen - immediately thought , `` well ... hot water would n't do much to change the properties of the plastic , so let 's try boiling water - nothing to lose . `` Should be more explicit in the instructions . -LRB- We were using the star wars version of this product -RRB- .
 I purchased the Alphabet blocks for my twin daughters . They are just over 8 months old and they love them . This product is a great learning tool for them for years to come but for now it a great teething toy !!! I would recommend this to anyone , plus I love Fisher Price .
 I bought these for two reasons - blocks and educational letters . However , the letters are rubbing off . For the price I paid that was dissapointing . Other than that I love the concept and the objects inside are fun .
 The fire truck puzzle arrived in the time that was stated . It is very colorful and well worth the price . The puzzle is a Christmas gift for a 2 year old , so at this time I ca n't state how he liked it . But I am very pleased with the quality .
 I should have paid closer attention to the size of this horse when I ordered it , but it should not be in the ride-on section . It is clearly not a ride on toy . It is tiny . The beanie babies ride on this horse and fit perfect . All it is is a stuffed horse on wheels and it is so tiny . My kids never play with it . This was a learning lesson for me with shopping online .
 As noted by another reviewer , any learning opportunity provided by this toy is negated by the fact that its poor design allows the child to simply pull open each `` hatch '' without having to manipulate the various levers in order to open them . The top of each hatch -LRB- to the back of each animal when open -RRB- is long , and hangs over the curved edge of the front of the main shell , allowing small fingers to easily grab on and lift them open with minimal resistance from the mechanical latching devices . I would recommend the `` Playskool Busy Poppin ' Pals '' toy - it has one additional pop-up character , and the `` hatch '' for each character is molded so that its edge is recessed into the main body , preventing the child from opening them manually , without manipulating the associated lever . I 'm just glad I bought this at `` Once Upon a Child '' for only 4 bucks -LRB- and now I know why it was so cheap -RRB- . Now I wo n't feel bad about spending nine bucks on the better product that I saw at my local retailer today !
 I received this action figure as a gift and was extremely excited to use it . I was so disappointed when I found that the head will NOT pop off . Sadly , I have to hold Her Royal Highness upside down and shake off her head while pressing the button . This was very disheartening and I would only recommend it to people who are n't planning to try to eject the head .
 We had to buy a new lunchbox for our son after 2 months -LRB- a different brand , machine-washable -RRB- because this one is way too hard to clean . I have turned it completely inside out , scrubbed between all the cracks , and still food is stuck in the seams andthreads . It is very durable , but we ca n't get rid of the smell or stains with a reasonable amount of effort .
 I bought this for my 8 year old son who is extremely interested in exploring the things around him . The Scope It Out was bought as a stocking stuffer at Christmas and as a companion to his in-house microscope . So he could take the Scope it Out outside and explore bugs , plants , dirt , etc.The Scope It Out was a failure . The directions say to adjust the focus by turning the rubber covered eyepiece - which does not do anything . Then to bring things closer or farther into view , just tip the Scope over . We experimented on various items , such as a fingernail , orange peel , bug , etc. . It was a joke . I could do better with a magnifying glass . The optics were below poor.I would not recommend this for any one of any age . Do n't waste your money .
 I just received this today and while I knew to expect nothing hand crafted , I was shocked at how amazingly flimsy this thing really is . The bottom wood actually came with a huge crack ; big enough to leak out all the sand . The feet were glued on with cheap glue and 3 of the 4 came off in transit . Based on the construction , I 'm amazed it was even in one piece.The reason this gets 2 stars is that the accessories are pretty decent . And the sand looks fine . If this was n't cracked in the center , I 'd most likely have kept it and it would have `` worked '' for its purpose . Having said that , if you are looking for a desktop zen garden , look elsewhere .
 I bought this on a whim , as it was the first Zen garden that I could find . I did not look at the reviews , and immediately regret it upon receiving my Zen garden . The other reviews summed it up nicely . The product is exactly what you pay for.Image :[ ... -RSB- - You can see the gap between the border/frame and the bottom piece . The tacks were put in , but did not hold the board to the border/frame . You should probably buy some wood glue , push lightly to separate the border , then press it back together with a small vice .
 There 's a reason this thing is $ 15 . It 's made of ultra-cheap material and it shows from a mile . The stones look to be collected from around some highway . In addition to that , mine had an unbalanced stand which made it jiggle when playing with the sand . I returned it and will keep looking for something that is not an embarrassment when noticed by coworkers .
 The product looks really nice when you open it . But when I took the zen garden out of the box , I discovered that two of the four feet had come off , and that the bottom was only attached to the sides in four places , at the corners . Along all four sides , it was bowed out with loads of space.I pushed it all together and glued the feet back on , but I 'm keeping this in the bottom of the box it shipped in , lest I end up with fine white sand all over my desk . -LRB- I have this item at work . -RRB- When I leave the job or change work areas , I think I 'll toss this rather than trying to bring it with me.Otherwise , it works as advertised . Really , it 's hard not to , as it 's sand and rocks in a tray . It 's just hard to believe that a tray you put sand in could have been screwed up this way .
 Creates a big mess . It 's also pretty small so it gets very boring after a while . I 've had it for like 6 months and used it twice . and that was the first week i got it .
 I was very disappointed when product arrived . The bottom of box is very flimsy , it will not hold sand . This was purchased as a gift for my daughter . There is no way I am giving her this .
 For the price this very simple apparatus should function flawlessly . Its one job is to hold sand . I wish I noticed out of the box that one of the edges of the bottom where it meets the frame was bowed out enough to leak sand -LRB- salty looking sand -RRB- all over my desk . Annoying . I scooted as much sand out of the way as I could to duct tape this edge on the inside . When I have the time , I 'll probably dump out the sand and tape all the edges because I do n't trust it.The hassle this has caused is definitely not zen .
 The base and frame were not completely attached . Fixed with a little glue . My friend loved it after that .
 Disappointed in this item . The tray bottom was not attached well to the sides - does n't hold the sand . Also , the rocks are dull and all one color . Rakes seem to be OK .
 When i got my package i openned it and everything was great , but the sand holder is so cheaply made , it was broken before i even touched it . Now i have to go through the hassle of finding the right one maybe at a home goods store . . and there is no way you can have a refund which i wanted , because they take off the sticker you use to send it back . I basically paid for sand rocks , and a cheap rake . Not worth the money ! Made in china , the table is not stable at all . I hope nobody buys this , because they certainly dont deserve the money . Quality over quantity . - Rant over -
 Like other reviewers , my zen garden arrived with the bottom falling apart . Had I tried to add the sand , it would have poured out the bottom . It was so visibly defective that I 'm shocked that it made it out of the factory . I sent it back .
 The tray was thin and cheap looking and although it was supposed to have rocks included , there were none in the box . The only part of it that was half-way decent was the rakes . Because I was on a time constraint I kept it , but I did have to go buy rocks and I also bought more sand because what came with it looked like salt .
 I ca n't believe I wasted my money on this ! When I got the product , I had before-hand read some reviews about it falling apart or something . So , before I wasted the sand that came with it and caused a mess , I gently pressed on the wood/base part . It was flimsy , but I did n't think much of it . Then , while just doing a quick look over , I noticed that there was a small disconect between the bottom base and the black lining . This would cause the sand to leak out of the crack ! Then , the base fell write off ! I noticed that it had very tiny , small metal pieces that had wood from the base around it . I now realize that they probably put the metal into it , painted the top black , then pushed on the base to connect the two parts . The little `` stubs '' that hold it up have superglue stains from where they glued it to the bottom of the base . How cheap ! I really do n't know what to do now . I 'll probably get my dad to put some nails in it . Really , the Dollar Tree would probably make a better structure !
 This trilley has been opersted only a few hours and the drive system seems to be slipping already . Not durable and not recommended .
 The other 1-star poster is absolutely correct ; these things are crap . I ordered two of them for both my kids and neither worked at all . The rockets did n't seal on the pump so no pressure could be pumped into them , thus making them useless . I had high hopes for this toy because of my love for it when I was younger . As always , the quality of these `` nostalgic '' toys leave much to be desired -LRB- I 'm looking at you , Evel Knievel Dare Devil Stunt Set ! -RRB- . The price is cheap , but the quality is cheaper .
 Had one of these when I was a kid , it was fun so I bought one as a gift for my son . The rocke did n't mate correctly with the pump but we tried gamely to hold it in place and pumped it a few times , at which point the valve on the pump separated from the body . There was virtually no force being applied to this part of the pump , it was a press fit piece that could n't possibly withstood any real pressure from the pump . It was a total joke , this is not a complicated piece of equipment , it was never built to do anything other than to dupe the consumer .
 When will people stop digging for the lowest possible price ? I would have paid three times this price to have a quality product . After three pumps the check valve that holds the air in the rocket failed . You would push the pump in and all the air would get sucked out of the rocket when you pulled the pump back out . Then the mounting nipple snapped off when releasing the rocket from the clamp . Never worked once ! Would like to find one that works , but they all look the same .
 I had several of these as a kid and never had a problem . This one was defective out of the box ! When i tried to put the rocket on the pump and lock it in place the air pump nipple snapped off and rendered the toy useless . After further inspection i found that the rocket itself was the cause . The plastic ring at the base that attaches to the pump was deformed and would not mount on the pump properly , when i slid the pump lock over the mount it started to bind and snapped the nipple off.I packaged it up and returned it.I may try some of the other models to see how they stack up .
 I used to love these rockets back in the day when I was a kid , so I got one for my 11-year old son . When it arrived , it looked like the ones I had as a kid , but was obviously of cheaper quality . Then again , it cost only a few bucks . Problem is , when I put the water in and then snap close the end of the pump , all the water leaks out ! This happens whether the rocket is pointed up or down . The rocket is totally useless and we had to throw it away . Too bad , those rockets sure were fun a long time ago ...
 It 's hard to write a full 20 words on a toy that broke on the very first use leaving me with a cheap piece of plastic and a crying five year old .
 Do n't Waste your money the pump to pressurize the rocket broke after first and only use . Very disappointed bought this for my brothers children because he used to have one as a kid and he loved it so I bought this one and it broke on the first try .
 I bought 2 of these hoping to show my kids one of the toys I had growing up . Wow , these are straight CRAP . Why would someone produce a product that SUCKS this much ?!! The clip that holds the rocket to the pump does n't hold the rocket on . The O-ring is a dried , hard , brittle piece that does n't seal . Then , when you get past ALL that crappy-ness , the pump shaft will either pull completely out , bend like a pretzel while pumping , or leak water into the pump itself ! I got three launches out of 2 of these . I was more disappointed than the kids were . Boooooo !
 Not as pictured . Does n't seal well for the launch and so it is pretty much worthless . I had the one pictured when I was a kid and was pretty excited to order and now left with disappointment . Order what you see and you may get something else and cheaply made . Maybe should have bought this back in 2006 when it got better reviews . Amazon , please take this off your site !! It indeed is less than a quality product and your company is deceiving those who buy .
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter for her birthday . She loves rockets and I thought she would enjoy it . The pump is total junk and could not even pump enough pressure for a single flight before it broke . I spent an hour trying to fix it and the highest I 've gotten the rocket to launch is a couple feet ! This resulted in my daughter crying and the rocket getting thrown away . Do not buy this one !
 Launcher broke after a couple of flights . Not surprising for the cost . These were popular when I was a kid and this model WAS enjoyable while it lasted .
 Wanting to share my water rocket memories with my kids , I decided to try this rocket out in spite of all the bad reviews . I agree , it is junk . While the whole thing is cheaply constructed , the biggest problem I see is with the pump . The valving is so defective it simply will not pressurize the rocket . Even though I was very gentle with the pump , it came apart after only a couple pumps and the rocket never flew . I 'd love to find a good one of these but this one is not .
 I ordered two of these for my kids . The pump for the rocket is made so you have to hold it while pumping but there is no good way to hold it securely while pumping . There is a trigger to lock in the rocket while pumping but the trigger is in the way of holding the pump and is unsafe because a simple bump makes the rocket launch accidentally . The piston in the pump is so cheap that it bends when you push it in . The end cap on the pump chamber is not properly secured to the pump . I tried the pumps that came with both rockets . The rocket 's highest flight was about 10 feet becuase the pumps were so lame .
 This is a decorative item that , although it 's advertized as `` crystal , '' looks a great deal more like pressed glass . It does , however , come with `` lead content warnings '' so one must assume that it is , indeed , lead crystal . But do n't expect sparkle -- the item is neither cut nor polished.It 's small and pretty , and comes in a cheap plastic presentation case lined with flocked paper and Disney advertising . Still , what else are you going to give to a woman cast in the role ?
 This puzzle is very easy to solve , I would not recommend it for anyone . Buy the `` original '' `` Do n't Break the Bottle '' , it will keep you entertained much longer .
 I had this idea over the Christmas holiday to give a couple of bottles of wine to friends ... Good idea , poor presentation.I 'd ordered this and a metal cousin of the wine puzzle for two different couples . Assembly should be easier than the puzzle to solve itself . It took my fiance and I 15 minutes to get this thing right , and we both went to college , and I love tinkering with puzzles . This one was a heart beat away from ending up in a ditch near the restaurant parking lot we were in , trying to assemble it before going in to meet our friends . The main problem , it 's poorly constructed . Says it accommodates a standard wine bottle . If that 's the case the bottle would have to be twice the size of one you get on the shelf . I got a simple wine that I love , and we had to jock around with the ropes as they were way too too long . Finally , we had to cut off a few inches of the rope from the top , retie the loop inside the wooden lid , and redo the puzzle.Knowing what I do , I would have send this back , but we 'd already had it well over two months -LRB- late giving people their holiday presents because of the busy time of year , etc. . -RRB- and by then it was n't worth arguing with the seller to refund me .
 Item did n't have the trademark lable on it as shown in photo and is not a collectable item to me.Dissapointed with the item as I am a collector and it makes this item useless to me as far as my collection goes.Now it will cost me more money to purchase this item from Ebay .
 Again , a good product , but over priced . I would try to find some gently used ones .
 The scene itself is beautiful , but finding the correct fit for pieces is difficult . Most pieces are of similar shape and often multiple pieces with similar colors actually fit into the same place . The lack of piece shape diversity makes this puzzle annoying to me , perhaps challenging to others . This frustration did not make this a `` fun '' puzzling experience for me .
 I bought this to be a part of my daughter 's train set , and have been nothing but disappointed . For starters , the red circular center piece can easily be removed , and I anticipate the day it comes up missing permanently . The wood is slightly bowed , and though it does not impede play , I was expecting a higher quality of toy -LRB- this is Brio after all -RRB- . The most disappointing thing , though , was how small the turntable is . I knew it would not support the larger engines -LRB- e.g. Gordon and Henry -RRB- , but I was surprised that even mid-sized engines such as Edward and James would not fit . I wish I had kept the box because I would love to return this item .
 Here is the timeline of this product : After first two plays , little wood pieces started chipping off ; In about two weeks , the pictures started peeling off ; In about one month , layered wood started falling apart.Will I still buy puzzle from this company ? Maybe , no one else selling small puzzle set for toddlers . What choice do I have ? But I do pray to God that somebody will be making a better product soon and drive Melissa & Doug out of business .
 For the cost , this puzzle is not well made . The pieces were locked together so firmly that the puzzle was very difficult to get apart . The edges had visible splinters , and over the course of a few days , the tray warped to the point that it does n't sit flat on a table . The edges of the image on the pieces began to fray immediately as the puzzle was taken apart . To make the puzzle usable , I had to spend 15 minutes sanding the interlocking edges , placing a slight bevel on the bottom of each piece . I then rubbed a white crayon on each edge surface . This made the puzzle easy to work for my 2 year old grand daughter . On the plus side , the image is bright and colorful , and the puzzle is simple enough for a toddler to work . Considering that the puzzle is made in China and probably cost next to nothing to produce , they could have spent a few minutes finishing the edges of the pieces and lacquering the image so that it is more durable .
 The pieces of this puzzle are definitely no for kids . . or even adults.Its made of poor quality wood and easily chips off.It chips off into such small pieces that can easily embed in anyone skin or even be eaten out of curiosity.Did not expect it from a M@D toy
 Please do n't give this to your children.It is a nice puzzle with fun colors and pictures at first sight . But it was made of layered wood , and the edges of each piece are full of splinters . I got two splinters into my fingers by just taking the pieces apart -LRB- not to mention how tight it is -RRB- . I can not imagine how the little ones play with it . It will absolutely hurt their soft hands.Sorry to give this negative review . The design of this product is good , but two things have to be done to make it acceptable
 After reading the other review I baught this puzzle for my son . I have had this puzzle for about a week now , and prob . going to have to toss it . As if with the tightness mentioned in the other review isnt already frustrationg enough , The puzzle pieces are made with layerd wood and taking the puzzle apart made the peices crack & chip and now have little wood peices all over the floor , and some pictures started to peel off . With all this going on I dont think it is save now with the sharp corners and most likely splinters coming soon and if your child is still randomly putting stuff in his mouth still , then he might choke or cut himself . Short to say dont buy , waste of money and time .
 Bought this for my 5 year old Justice Leaguer . My son is not a rough player but we went through 4 -LRB- YES , FOUR -RRB- of them before we finally got one where the elevator did n't break in the 1st 2 weeks . Mattel needs to get their act together and design toys that have durability . VERY disappointing !
 I purchased this for my son who is a huge Justice League fan . He gets discouraged because it is always falling apart . I hate it , because I am always putting it back together . I would not recommend anyone buying this toy unless you want to keep putting it together .
 We bought this for our 5 year old for Christmas . The elevator uses a string pulley which promptly bound around the gear that connects it to the thumbwheel which raises and lowers the platform . Within 5 minutes of playing , one of the main features broke . Also , the top has a ring with 5 rockets , one of these came missing a retaining pin . Thoroughly disappoingting as he is a big Justice League fan .
 This is a huge disappointment for my family , and has forever left a stain on the memory of my son 's recent birthday . This piece of garbage can not , does not , and will not stand up . And it does not stay together . And the elevator breaks easily . And some of the figures do n't fit in the elevator.So there it lies , in pieces , in the corner . And here I lie , curled in a ball in the other corner , wondering if I am an inadequate father because I ca n't make a $ 40 piece of crap stand up.I hope whoever designed this goes back to creating torture devices .
 This watchtower was never used by the manufacturer because the unit itself comes with 3 legs that could likely hold one pound of weight and this weighs several . The `` legs '' do n't even lock in place , they just sit in groves so the minute you place the weight on it they collapse over and over . If you manage to get it to stand the minute your child touches it it will fall over . Otherwise it would have been a wonderful toy . It looks like the show and the body is sturdy and well put together . Too well put together to be supported by the legs provided . Do n't buy it , if your child is younger talk them into the Spiderman playset , much more sturdy .
 The designers threw in the works and the lone star represents a point for design ingenuity . Problem is this toy is nearly impossible to build and it 's more than the comically unreadable directions that are at fault . I have built many a toy but never found one this resistant to having its snap on parts snap on and of course if and when they finally do , the least shake will undo your labor . Sure to end in tears and frustration for all .
 There was little information about the product other than the photo which showed the Watchtower toys with 3 action figures . We thought that the 3 action figures were included - they were not . Also , do not be fooled by the `` too good to be true '' price . They charge so much for shipping it costs the same as you would pay in a store.Otherwise , the package arrived in a timely manner , was in good condition and appeared to be from a legitamate supplier .
 Do not buy this toy - it has been a source of frustration and disappointment for all 3 of my children . Difficult to put together -LRB- and I have assembled my share of kid 's toys -RRB- , it will not stay together at all . It is challenging -LRB- at best -RRB- to get the figures in the elevator , and none of the figures with capes will fit - they tend to get stuck halfway up . The elevator also requires the child to turn a little wheel to get it to go up - too difficult for little ones . It requires a degree in engineering to get the little plane to fold up inside the watchtower - very poor and frustrating design . The noises are also weak as are the features -LRB- i.e. the trip wire , rockets , the plane -RRB- . Just a complete waste of money - it is only a couple of weeks old , and it is headed to the trash .
 This toy was not that difficult to put together , but we have to put it back together each time my son plays with it . The set is always falling apart . The elevator broke after the first day . My friend bought this for her son as well , and she is just as frustrated as we are . I would not recommend buying this unless you have hours to spare re-assembly it and keeping up with all the parts that contiunally fall off it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This item is not meant for children to play with ! Strange , since it has to do with action figures of Super Heroes ! But honestly , if your child does more than set this on a shelf , you 'll soon be hearing screams of frustration . The elevator wo n't work ! -LRB- ours completely stopped working in 2 days -RRB- ; The guns on the top keep falling off ! ; The whole thing just falls apart . No , this item is for the collector and I think Mattel KNEW that . They figured the few that were opened and did not work offset all the ones that would remain MIB or NRFB for collectors.This item is just like Mattel 's HOT WHEELS JUNKIE SETS . Another sore point with parents . Hot Wheels cars are fine , but those sets that Mattel makes NEVER work as promised . And what 's with the instructions that have little to no writing on them ??! Some of the drawings are impossible to figure out . In Mattel 's case , a word is worth a thousand illustrations !
 My 5 year old son received this as a birthday present , and it is headed right back to the store . The legs do not stay on , it falls over when touched , with or without the legs , there is a missing door , the elevator gets repeatedly stuck . As much as my son loves the idea of this toy , he has given up and resigned to playing with his other toys because this one is garbage , and a pure waste of money .
 I bought this for Xmas 2004 after all the clever marketing hype . The rocketship theme looked very cool and rugged in the pictures . However , when my son got it it - it turned out to be nothing but a frustrating , unplayable toy . It falls down constantly because of poor design
 This toy was a pain to put together , and even worse to stay together . The elevator wo n't work , and I had to forcefully put some of the pieces together . Most people who reviewed this toy , had the same complaints , but I bought it anyway , because my nephew really wanted it . I 'm glad that I only paid $ 15.00 for it , because it 's not worth any more than that . Some pieces came off , before my nephew even got a chance to play with it .
 What a colossal disappointment this turned out to be ! The Justice League figures are the best superhero figures to come out since the Super Powers figures of the 1980s . They 're colorful , durable , playable , and collectible . The Javlin 7 ship is also a nice piece for the Justice League collection . Imagine my disappointment over the Watchtower . While cool to look at , this toy is for display purposes only ! As others have noted , it 's shaky and falls apart with the slightest touch . What were the designers thinking when they created such flimsy legs for this heavy toy to be supported on ? Also , the doors fly open quite easily . This toy will sit on my shelf with all the figures displayed on it . If you have small children avoid this at all cost and save your $ 35 .
 My son does love this toy and plays with it every day since Santa brought it to him . It has fallen apart each time he plays with it and has fallen on him a couple of times , so if you have a small child , I would n't recommend it.I will attempt to GLUE the legs on , since they are the biggest problem for this toy . Everything else works just great . Elevator , noises , guns , etc. .
 Please do n't waste your money on this one . My four year old son loves the justice league and thinks this toy is pretty great . The problem is the elevator for one never worked and the tower is supposed to be supported by three crappily made narrow suction looking thingys . The minute my son goes to open one of the towers sides the whole damn thing collapses . This happens everytime . I finally just took the three support things off of it and put them away . The gun launcher thingys on top also continue to fall off . Luckily my sons was purchased on sale for only $ 14 but it 's made so cheap and frustrated my son so much that I still feel completely ripped off .
 Avoid this toy at all cost . It falls apart when touched . The elevator stopped working almost immediately . Total rip off .
 I purchased this item for my twin boys who love all the Justice League . I was skeptical but they were insistent this was what they wanted for their 5th birthday . Unfortunately after spending several hours putting the Watchtower together , the string that operates the elevator broke on the first try . In addition one of the support arms will not lock in and the other two fall out when small hands attempt to put a figure in the elevator , causing the whole Watchtower to collapse . A switch in the middle of the Watchtower opens all doors , but the light and sound action fails to engage on a regular basis -LRB- it is cool when it actually works -RRB- . The Watchtower does not come with any figures . We have purchased several Justice League figures over the past few months so I figured we 're all set . Wrong . Only the 4 '' figures -LRB- which are difficult to find -RRB- will fit in the Watchtower . For example , the 6 '' or 8 '' Batman figure with a cape will get stuck in the elevator . I n spite of all this , my boys are refusing to let me return it . I 'm feeling very taken advantage of . For anyone with any experience with a Playmobil product and their superior design and engineering , this product was a serious disappointment .
 If you get to this review , please , please , do not spend your hard earned money on this toy , even at half price it is not worth it . I faced the same problems as everyone else , I 'm forced to use my own glue and take time out to re work the toy so that it does what it was supposed to out of the box . A watse of money ! Nuff Said !
 When you put it standing up on its legs , it falls down . A friend of mine has one . He tried repeatedly to get it to stand up , but it just fell down with the slightest touch ! After a while we were realy fed up . It was over $ 39.00 !
 After an hour of trying to put the tower together we gave up . The legs kept falling off making the tower fall over and the lever did not make the doors open . This was a major disapointment . We returned it the next day in pieces .
 This toy has peaces that fall off even while puting it together it kept falling apart the legs would not stay on and part of the tower would not stay together . I would not recomend this toy to anyone else or pay for it again myself .
 Just bought this toy for my son 's birthday . The tower is very top heavy and wo n't stand up . They give you adhesive strips to stick to your wall/window . If the box was n't torn by my son this would definetly be returned .
 My little brother just got this for his birthday . It 's cool , but will probably be broken in a few days . The pieces that stick to the wall fall off alot . No action figures come with it either . And the bottom half is made of cardboard too -- not cool .
 My son received this for his birthday and my normally laid back and quite handy husband was never so frustrated in his life putting a toy together . After the 3 or 4 hour labor of putting the thing together the toy would not work properly and my 3 year old son kept crying because he could n't get the doors or elevators to work . Overall it was a terrible experience and we ca n't even get the thing back in the box to return it .
 I bought this for my 6 year old son and it is very unstable . It falls apart way to easily . We have to lean it up against the wall so he can play with it and it still falls down .
 My son is a HUGE bat man fan . This was a must last christmas . . well we never could get it to stand up right and then bat man wouldnt slide down with out him pushing him the rest of the way . It came apart no matter how easy he was with it . And he lost interest less than a week of tring to make it work . He still wants a bat cave so we bought the older version -LRB- that has great reviews -RRB- instead this christmas so hopefully this one will be the one to make him happy and my pocket book .
 This was a real disappointment . It is incredibly flimsy and poorly made . Will never hold up to its intended play .
 My son loves Batman and was looking forward to playing with this toy . My son is very bright and we could not figure out how to put this toy together properly . It kept falling apart and the directions were very confusing . Please do not waste your money . I wasted 45 dollars on a toy that I could n't even put together !
 My 3 yr old son wanted this batcave SO BADLY . We got it for him and it was pretty frustrating . The parts kept falling off and the elevator has NEVER worked . For 2 days straight he played with it , broke every piece off practically , and came crying to mommy to every few minutes . That was 6 months ago . He pretty much has n't played with it since . Too bad because he 's such a batman freak.Maybe he was just too young for it . If you 're buying it for a younger child ... beware !
 This is the only thing my son wanted for Christmas . I was hesitant because I thought it was a bit pricy . But I did n't want to disappoint my son so I bought it . True , the look on his face was worth the money the toy was not . It took a really long time to put the thing together and it has to lean up against a wall to stand . When he uses any of the supposedly `` cool '' features another piece falls off . My son has a long attention span and can play with a toy for a half an hour before moving on to something else . This toy frustrates him after just a few minutes .
 This toy is a disaster . Who ever heard of a toy that you had to tape to the wall to balance . Every time it moves , it falls over or falls apart . This is the last time I will ever buy this type of toy . The worst part is the look of disappointment on my son 's face the first time he tried to play with this . You people should be ashamed , it 's like stealing our money at our children 's expense !!!
 I bought this toy for my 4 year old for Christmas and all you have to do is touch it and the pieces fall off . Durability is not even a consideration for this toy . I have never wasted my money on a worse toy than this . I really wanted the other bat cave listed but it is out of production ... scary thing is that this is what they replaced it with . Do yourself a favor , do n't waste the money I did !!!!
 If I 'd only read the reviews before purchasing this for my 6 year old I would never have bought it ! It is VERY flimsy and top heavy . The elevator gets stuck and it does take awhile to put together . As I was driving all over town looking for the best price I wondered why no store had the batcave out on display . Once we got it together I realized why . We ended up taking off the bottom poles and moving some of the parts around so it would stop falling over . We have lots of batman toys and other mattel products . This is by far the biggest disappointment in 10 years of toy buying . If it was n't from Santa it would be going back without a doubt . Buy anything else !
 I sure wish I would have read the reviews before I purchased this item ! This is really the only toy my 6 yr old son asked for this Christmas ! I could n't believe how flimsy this toy is . There is no way he could even play with it . Everytime we tried to move it , it fell apart ! I am very disappointed and do not recommend .
 This again is Mattel proving to me that someone is not playing with the toys after they are made . Horrible construction , directions are a nightmare -LRB- no words at all and very hard to follow -RRB- and they put the flimsy paper piece on the bottom and the `` cave '' components on the top . This not only makes no sense -LRB- do n't they know batman went down into the cave to get to the computers and all -RRB- but it makes the product very top heavy . They actually recommend you glue it to your walls . No toy should be sold that is 42 inches tall and have to be glued to the walls !! All they have to do at Mattel is hire someone with a young child or let a child play with a set and they would have seen it could have been switched around -LRB- heavy stuff on bottom -RRB- and it would work better . As my kid would say `` DUH ''
 Our almost 4 year old could n't wait to get this toy to add to his super hero collection . It looks great on the box . However , this is by far the worst toy we have purchased for any of our kids in almost 8 years . It is so flimsy and cheaply built . Pieces fall off and it tips a lot . Hopefully it will be re-designed with sturdier materials . If you are considering purchasing it ... do n't ... you 'll save your self some money and frustration .
 The advetising on the box caught my attention so I bought this playset for my son 's birthday . It was a complete waste of money ! The toy design is terrible ! The batcave falls over when played with . The elevator does n't function properly either . Because of all the malfunctions and collapes , my son lost interest within five minutes of play . If you want your child to have a Happy Birthday or Merry Christmas go with something other than this toy .
 Where were the engineers for this toy , is what I 'd like to know . What a great idea it is , but it just does n't hold up to play . Now , I suppose if you 're willing to bolt it into your basement wall , then it would hold up to some strong playtime . However , it is almost completely incapable of withstanding any play whatsoever without collapsing onto the floor . I highly recommend you read all the other reviews on this toy prior to purchase . Definitely needs to go back to the drawing board - ours went back to the store ! What a disappointment !
 This is toy so frustrating . Very hard to put together and even harder to get the working parts to work without the entire thing falling apart ! My son loves batman and this was a gift from his Grammy so he is using it but I had to mount is to a special board to keep from falling into pieces and then tape it together ! By next week it will find the dumpster . Waste of time and money and worse yet truly frustrating for my 5 year old . .
 Could n't wait to give this to my 6 yr . old son last year for Christmas since it was all he kept asking for . When he got it , what a disappointment it turned out to be . Putting it together was a real project & it kept falling apart . The heavier part of the item is towards the top so it had no real durability . The background that supposedly holds it up is made out of cardboard so that was a complete flop so forget about screwing it to the wall . He played with it for like 5 minutes & now it just sits in his room collecting dust & falling over . This year , he asked for the Transforming Gotham City . Maybe we 'll try that & see what happens .
 After spending the 30 minutes of my time putting together the hundreds of pieces and placing all the tiny stickers in the correct spots - it fell apart completely ! Its a totally unusable toy . The cardboard background doesnt even fit in properly and my son has never touched it due to how unstable and flimsy it is . It is too tall to stand on its own and comes with something to adhere it to the wall ! Dont waste your time and money on this horrible product !
 I bought this toy for my son 's fourth birthday in September . I did not have problems putting the toy together and initially my son loved it . He and his friends played for hours and hours . The arms and ropes , etc. led to a lot of imaginative play . However , in my opinion the design is flawed and the quality of the toy , in general is very poor . The elevator never worked properly because , after awhile , the height of the toy causes it to sag one way or another and the elevator would get stuck . Also , the elevator was not big enough or offitted to hold the Batman figures , so when my son would put a figure in the elevator , it inevitably would fall over and jam the elevator . We 've already thrown the toy out , a few months later .
 Like most of the other reviews here I bought the Batcave for my four year old and it was a disaster . I paid around 39 for it and see it 's now retailing for 9 . It just does n't work . It 's a pathetic toy . However I got in touch with Mattel and on the second attempt -LRB- they did n't respond first time or did n't get my e-mail -RRB- they phoned to offer me a choice of replacement toys . Hope everyone here has done this or will do it - complaining is the only way toy manufacturers will learn .
 I think MATTEL needs to fire the team who makes all the Batman toys , & hire a team of people with quality & creativity in mind . This one of many Batman toys my 6 year old son has , every 5 minutes he comes to me to put the toy back together agian . -LRB- I glued together last years modle of the car , the ` wings ' always fell off ! -RRB- the cave is very top heavy , with a flimsy support & backing . If you do n't have a permanent wall space to stick this toy on to it will fall as soon as you walk away ! Plus there are three pices to this toy that would fall off as soon as I put on that we did n't need anyway .
 Well - this was my son 's # 1 request from Santa Claus . Despite the reviews , he brought it to our house . As expected , it is quite flimsy . It is sad to watch my 5 yr old struggle with the elevator while trying to give batman a ride . It is so pathetic how these toy companies take advantage of children , and -LRB- their parents ! -RRB- with such poor quality merchandise .
 Horrible toy for a my 4 year old son who is a batman fanatic ... flimsy and not durable . Can not get the elevator to work properly always jams up . This toy wo n't last to long .
 Do not buy this toy . If you are given this toy as a gift , return it for store credit . This is a flimsly and poorly designed stack of platic and paper . The secret door does n't work , the elevator does n't slide and toys get stuck in there . The suggested 10 '' batman does n't work with the zip line , bungee or even the elevator . The add says `` Using new adhesive technology , you can set up the Batcave on just about any wall '' so they want us to glue this thing on to a wall.Please do n't buy this toy .
 MY SON SAW THE NEW TV SHOW AND WANTED THE NEW BATCAVE . HE HAD THE ORIGINAL ONE BUT BOTH HIM AND I WERE IMPRESSED WITH THE SIZE . DO NOT LET THIS FOOL YOU . IT IS BUILT VERY FLIMSY . THE PARTS FALL APART EASILY . THE ELEVATOR CAN NOT BE USED UNLESS YOU HAVE THE PROPER BATMAN DOLLS TO PUT IN THERE . THE CARDBOARD BACKING FALLS OFF . THE STICKERS ARE A PAIN TO PUT ON . I SPENT 2 HRS ON X-MAS EVE PUTTING TOGETHER THIS CAVE . MY SON HAS IT STUCK IN A CORNER . HE HAS MORE FUN LINING UP HIS ACTION FIGURES ON THE COUCH AND USING HIS IMIGINATION THAN THIS TOY . DO NOT GET IT . THE ORIGINAL BATCAVE IS BETTER . SMALLER BUT BETTER .
 WARNING !!! CAUTION !!! Parents do not waste your hard earned money or valuable time with this toy . I am the proud father of two boys who were so excited to receive this batcave from Santa . Boy were they disappointed with the substandard quality . This has to be the worst display of a children 's toy that I have seen in awhile . I feel that Mattel has stolen from me by misrepresenting this gypsy junk as an actual toy . Please do not purchase !
 This thing is a major piece of junk . It does n't stick to the wall like it claims . You have to stand to play with it -LRB- cause all the cool stuff is at the top -RRB- , and the extension pieces constantly fall off . I actually screwed it to the wall , but that lasted a whole 10 minutes as it would n't stay screwed into the wall . Then the scenery kept falling . Save your money and buy the cool batmobile or something .
 Bruce BANNER turns into THE HULK , not THE BATMAN , morons ! It 's BRUCE WAYNE who turns into Batman . Maybe this toy would get better reviews if product specialists spent a LITTLE more time researching the list of who transforms into whom.Hulk SMASH stupid Batcave !
 Just `` assembled '' the bat cave for my 5 year old . Pathetic construction and workmanship -- half of the gimmics do n't work . Another pile of injection-molded plastic parts and stickers that I get to assemble -- what is this thing -- $ 4 of raw materials + $ 2 of shipping + $ 10 of marketing ? Garbage . Shame on you Mattel , the only thing worse is the batman figures with the batarangs that take 30 minutes and a blowtorch to get out of the packaging . This batcave will collapse and die within hours of play , I 'm sure of it . GARBAGE !
 My son really wanted this toy and loves batman , so Grandma splurged on this expensive-for-what-you-get toy . First thing , it 's a real bear to set up , and then when you do set it up it is really clumsy and pieces fall off very easily . The boys still had fun playing with it , even when the elevator constantly got jammed . They would have enjoyed it even more if they actually included at LEAST ONE character figure in the darn set . OOOPs , we did not notice until he opened the gift that the action figures used for the set were sold separately . All in all , do n't waste your money .
 I bought this batcave for the grandson for Christmas because the older model was no longer available . I was leery about the height of the toy and the bad reviews , and with good reason . Every time I turn around , there 's a piece of it that has to be put back on . And I did n't realize until I read the other reviews that there is an elevator . Ours has never worked . My grandson likes the toy , but is getting bored with it , since it 's always falling apart and quite a few of the gadgets do n't really work . Do n't buy this toy !!
 We bought this for my 4 year old son for Christmas and I am very sorry we spent our money on it . Putting it together was not fun , but the real disappointment came when it was done and you see what it is . I think it is unrealistic to think that most people will want to or ever allow this toy to be STUCK to the wall with an adhesive -LRB- it says not to leave it stuck there for long periods of time - you must remove it from the wall after playing with it - which means this flimsy piece of plastic is now laying on the floor -RRB- . After playing with it for 10 minutes , the elevator gets stuck . The top keeps falling off , everytime I turn around my son is whining that this came apart or that came apart . I assume I will be super gluing it before long . I feel ripped off as a consumer . Buyer Beware !
 I got this for my 5 year old . I loved the concept , unfortunatley I never seen such a flimsy toy . We had to super glue everything together because pieces would fall off , this is because there are no snaps to keep levels in place but rather just fits together . Would not buy this toy !!!!!!!!!!! Would not recommend this toy unless your willing to super glue all parts !
 I have been buying toys for my kids as well as my niece and nephew for 14 years and this is the worst quality toy I 've purchased ! In fact , I had better quality toys when I was a child . My 3 year old son insisted on having this for Christmas and he loves it despite the fact that we have it leaned against the wall to hold it up . It comes with adhesive but I do n't want to risk damaging our walls . It is very top-heavy -LRB- the 3-level batcave is help up by a couple light-weight plastic tubes -RRB- and , though the idea of all the parts snapping in place is nice , I actually had to glue one part in place so it would n't fall in the floor . Speaking of pieces , there are a million of them ! The directions could be written better also . I read the other reviews here after my son had his heart set on this toy and wish I could have talked him out of this one . Fortunately , he has enjoyed playing with it despite all its flaws but he got better quality $ 10 toys for Christmas than this one !
 My 4 year old son received the Batcave for Christmas . I know it is about $ 40 . It took my hubby 1/2 hour to put together - is EXTREMELY flimsy & my son got batman stuck in the bat elevator within the first 2 minutes of using it . Soooooo not worth it . What a let down .
 Although , it does n't break the bank , it is terribly disappointing . It barely stands by itself and is frustrating to both my sons , whereas all the pieces fall off or do n't line up properly .
 This number peg puzzle is not for a 2 year old ! You can not tell the nine from the six and depending on your child 's age he/she might be confused with the colors of the pegs to the colors on the background .
 1 . The 6 and 9 pieces are interchangeable ... that led to some confusion .2 . I want this same puzzle with no glossy paper glued on . The remains of a drink were spilled onto it and the paper is now peeling off and it also absorbed the stainThe whole reason I buy wooden toys is for durability -- this same toy with just a stained/painted/plain wood would be perfect
 You get two sets of dice
 This set was so complicated that we are returning it . My 8 year old can not figure it out nor can any of the adults who have tried . The instructions are incomplete . I really wanted to like this but it is so complex and the instructions are so poorly presented that we are sending it back - it just was not any fun and actually became really frustrating and chore-like to try to complete the first design . Finally , we gave up and repacked it all .
 This kit has a building diagram for only 1 project and that diagram was so poor that my husband who played with these kkits as a kid in the 60s -LRB- yes they have been around that long -RRB- could n't easily figure it out - and he rarely has trouble figuring out anything . Otherwise there are 5 other sample structures wwhich have no building instructions and that is it.I put this completely in the category of good idea but bad reality . It is a pity , really , since it would take the manufacturer little work to produce a variety of projects with real instructions . I encourage the manufacturer to do so .
 I bought this for my 10 year-old son . He 's an experienced builder , having put together many lego creations and k ` nex kits with little or no help from a grownup . He could n't assemble the tanks . The green collars that are used to connect tank sections are very tight -LRB- to keep water in , I suppose -RRB- , and he just did n't have the coordination or strength to push them together . I was able with much , much effort , to get two sections of a tank connected , but I could n't even get the top on.I called the help number and left a message . So far , no response.The girders are also not very well designed and come apart with a little jostling.I wish I 'd never bought it . My son really , really wants to see it work and so far we 've spent many hours to no avail .
 My two children love the Magnetix building sets and I thought this set , with the circular pieces would make a nice addition to their collection . I was disappointed on two counts . The first is blatant misrepresentation of the product-the picture on the box shows rounds with 8 magnets each ; the actual pieces have only 4 magnets each . The second is the quantity provided . Out of 20 pieces , only four were rounds ! This is very poor value for the price . Since the set only has 20 pieces it is safe to assume that it will be an add-on to other sets , so I would have expected at least 8 rounds in the set , with the straight pieces and balls making up the balance , because most likely the purchaser has other pieces already . To be honest , I feel a bit ripped off by how little I got for my money with this set . I think Rose Art should put an actual breakdown of the quantity of each of the different types of pieces on the outside of the box -LRB- and Amazon on the website -RRB- instead of simply the total pieces . That way , an informed decision can be made whether the set is worth the money or not .
 I love the box , and even the pictures on the box that the dragon is supposed to look like , you know like `` see-through '' clear blue plastic . Unfortunately , it looks like its made from some sort of tubberware material.The electronic sounds -LRB- 2 and not in any sequence -RRB- , one sounds okay/good , the other sounds like the flushing sound on my daughters potty book . The eyes look like round paper decals and looks ... wierd . I 'm sure my 6 yr old son would like it , just because its YU-GI-OH , but I 'm a fan too and was excited about getting this for him for XMAS ... I 'm glad I started early , I can return it for something else .
 I simply can not believe that I paid $ 30 bucks for this thing . It does absolutely NOTHING , except make a few electronic noises . I kept poring over the instructions , certain that I 'd missed something ... but I had n't !! BORING . I think that even my 7-year-old son , who wanted this thing , was disappointed . And do n't even talk about the batteries ... to add insult to injury , this thing takes button cells , which are n't cheap . Save your $ $ for something better.DYB
 This Blue Eyes Shining Dragon is awesome ! I got it for Christmas and I played with it all day . The one I got came with the card Shadow Spell . It 's a cool toy so if you ca n't find anything at Toys ` R ' Us or somthing buy this !
 It is jut an action figure you build and then you let it sit on the floor for months until it is stepped on . What will this do for you . All it does is make noises . Have you looked at the price of the item and do you think it is a good price for something that does nothing , but make a noise and just sits there after one day of being played with ? This has no education value . For Yu-Gi-Oh fans , you should try buying Yu-Gi-Oh tins instead of this CRAP !
 wow I had the exact same things happen to the one I got for my kid bad motion sensor and bad display . he wanted it so much we tried returning it twice after the third one did n't work even my six year old said forget it . I wish i could have given it a black hole instead of 1 star . JUNK !!!!!!!!
 Dont get it the graphics suck and u can only get mega man . U should wait to get the progress pet or the double soul PET .
 This is the most ridiculous toy I have ever seen ! My son worked hard at school for 2 months to earn this toy and he was so excited to get it , he played with it once and to make the toy work , you literally have to shake the toy up and down for an hour or more and then you are able to battle viruses . It did n't work at all after the first time he was able to battle and as you can imagine he was very frustrated ! He was so sad , we had to return it and get him something different . Do n't waste your time !!!!
 This toy is the worst ! You ca n't even get past the Password screen to play anything . I got tricked that it was a good toy , but it 's not . And I do n't want you to get tricked , either . I thought it was a good toy by looking at it in the wrapper , but it was n't .
 I bought a couple of these for my sons . They love to play with them , but after only a few hours of use , the batteries are dead ! This could get really expensive considering the batteries are about $ 3 each . Also , one thing that gets very irritating is the shaking of the PET that has to be done when you get a `` virus '' . Very annoying !
 Our 8 year old son ACHED for this toy for his birthday and although we thought it to be expensive junk , we wanted to see him happy . The FIRST one we returned thinking it was broken but soon realized with the SECOND one that we just were n't shaking it hard or long enough . After a week of trying to figure this thing out , the screen has gone fuzzy and even a new battery could not revive it . Even our 8 year old is disgusted and frustrated with the quality of this toy . It is going back tomorrow - at our son 's request . If your little boy wants this toy , please show him this review and suggest he pick something else . It 's just an expensive disappointment . Please read the review by Diane . She says it so much better than we ever could .
 You have to buy most of the battle chips seperatly which leeches your cash in no time , do n't bother . Get a Game Boy or a Nintendo DS if you want handheld fun .
 The children were happy to play with it but since the electronics was so poor they were very dissappointed and left it on the table
 it has terrible graphics i mean it is just black and white.also it moves very slow on the screen.that is what little of a screen it has . -LRB- ... -RRB- i say get av gameboygame instead.at least that has decent graphics and isn , t a cheap piece of plastic.overall it is a piece of junk .
 My little brother played it and in 4 days , the item did n't work anymore .
 Okay this game was pretty fun when I first bought it but after that it just wasnt fun anymore . the thing has no plot but fight viruses and enter tournaments which are VERY hard . Plus there is quite a bit of shaking for an electronic game .
 It does n't cooperate and is n't very user friendly . It feels like it takes forever of shaking until it finally finds a virus for you to fight . Very annoying ... especially when mom is fussing at me to stop shaking it .
 This toy is n't well made or designed with kids in mind . You have to shake it forever before it will even do anything . I thought it was broken at first but then I found out that you can shake it for 10 min and nothing will happen but that 's normal . If you like Megaman then I 'd get the GBA game instead of the PET toy .
 This is a great idea for a toy ! Who has n't wanted to netbattle with actual battlechips AND program advances ? But here 's the catch
 I bought the red PET and the blue PET for my sons for xmas . They love megaman -- watch the videos , and play with the action figures . The PETs were at the top of both of their xmas lists . Both PETs were duds . The instructions immediately gave me a clue that the PET was going to be a big disappointment . The instructions are printed on both sides of a huge piece of paper -LRB- folded up about 100 times -RRB- . Is the average six year old supposed to decipher this ? Anyway , the first problem occurred when we tried to activate the `` battle mode '' . Battle mode is activated by a motion sensor , so all you have to do is gently shake the PET be begin play in this mode . Simple right ? Wrong . No amount of shaking would consistently send this thing into battle mode . By the time I was done shaking the crap out of this thing , I just wanted to throw it against the wall -LRB- but I refrained -RRB- . This motion sensor was a problem on both PETs . Then the blue PET had a messed up screen . The picture was just a bunch of black jiggling specks . Do you know those sonic games that you get at mcdonalds in the happy meals ? THOSE are more entertaining and more reliable than this $ 30 piece of crap . -LSB- ... -RSB- Save your money , get a GBA and a megaman game . Your kid will be much happier .
 Amazon needs to seriously consider taking this item off it 's page . Never in my life have I purchased a more useless piece of plastic . Here is a toy that is actually designed so that you CAN `` T play with it ! That 's right , if you lose a battle , your PET becomes incapacitated , for hours and sometimes days until you shake it enough to revive it . Yeah , that 's right , an electronic device that actually invites you to shake it ... a lot . Like that 's got ta be good for it . The graphics are O.K. ... IF THE YEAR WAS 1982 !!!!! With all the technology out there as well as the cost of this thing , I would have expected more than a black and white LED display that has a frame rate of 2 frames a second . Pathetic . I would have returned this turd but I got much more satisfaction stomping on it until it broke . The sad part is that this was the one present my 8 year old wanted more than anything this past Christmas . Watching his anticipation turn into shattered dissappointment was heartbreaking . In case you have n't been able to tell , I hate this toy with every fiber of my being . I have never felt such spite and white hot rage over anything ever before . This toy is the devil and should be cast out of any home that harbors it . What a let down .
 I have 2 boys and several nephews . I know about and buy a lot of toys for boys . This is by far the biggest piece of junk that I have come across in a long time . The graphics - very poor . The overall ease of use and entertainment value - also very poor . This reminds me of the `` electronic '' happy meal games . I bought two PETs and both were defective and had to be returned to the store . The PET launches into battle mode via a motion sensor which is activated when you shake the PET . Both units I bought had defective motion sensors , no amount or variation of shaking would consistently launch battle mode . Also one unit had defective graphics , showing just black jiggling specks . Most of the reviews on this product are by eager boys who WANT a PET but do n't have one yet and they are giving it high ratings . Trust me boys -LRB- and parents -RRB- , this is not worth $ 30 . As I said , a sonic game from a happy meal will be more satisfying and functional than this .
 I got this for my 8 year old son because he loves hand held games . He played it the 1st day he got it , but it was difficult , involved alot of shaking . I also had to take it apart because he pressed the reset button & it stopped working at all . We put it away for awhile & the next time he tried to use it , no battles , no matter how much we shake , it is useless now . How can they make such junk ?
 -LSB- ... -RSB- i said that it was good and fun but i was all wrong . the day i got it after playing with it by myself , it fell then the pet had a scratches and paint bruises -LRB- that white mark -RRB- . the third day i got bored of the same three chips so i brought more , it was expensive and the chips are small . so my little sister already lost half of them -LRB- and the chips are easy to spot -RRB- . the first two weeks it ran out of power , and it has their own special battery , so it was gone -LRB- also i forgot to say is the , gameplay of it was bad , and it was imposible to beat somebody with a higher level and better chips unlike yugioh -RRB- . For kids -LRB- like me -RRB- do n't ask to buy it , it was hard to find some body with the pet . for parents make sure there is a x on this thing on your child 's list , it wo n't last long -LRB- more likely for younger kids -RRB- . overall to everyone should get the nintendo ds , GBA or atleat the video now thing , this pet is a waste .
 I purchased the Red and Blue PETs for my son who loves the show . These toys do n't work properly . My son carries it around as a prop but it too difficult for a child between 6-10 to understand . If your child wants a PET , but the GBA game Red Sun / Blue Moon . There is a build it PET that works . Kids can battle each other .
 The names Stacy . I got this but in the blue version and I must say it is not good at all . Let me make a list on why .1 . They make it look good on the commercials but please those kids get paid to act liek they like it : D2 . The graphics are horrible ! 3 . You have to shake it and your hands get tired .4 . Why not make it in color ? It would look betterI would rather wait for the Pet 2 or the Progress Pet . I am gon na get the Pet 2 , it has a mini game mode and seems real fun . The progress pet is like an RPG so anyone would like it . Also there is a Plug in pet like the one from Megaman Nt warrior and mmbn 3 . You can jack into metal things and it looks awesome . -LRB- I bet the jack in cord is like a magnet and attracts to metal -RRB- Would n't it be fun to fight a virus in your computer or Tv ? I think it 's only in Japan now -LRB- the Plug in Pet -RRB- Overal , the Pet 1 is just for practice for the better pets comming out . I know a lot of people are dissapointed , but wait a few months and get a better one!P.S . This toy is for boys AND girls and dont let anyone tell you otherwise .
 Okay , first off , I love Loving Family . I have the Twin Time and all of the accessories AND the old dolls . But when I received the new dolls as I gift , I was shocked . Mattel has completely changed the dolls from sleek to chunky . These dolls apparently look a lot like the ones they made back in the 90 's . If you want dolls for your Loving Family house , try to get the old ones on eBay .
 I purchased this slot machine thinking it was larger than it was and also hoping it would at least perform a little better than it did . It does n't even require a coin to release the jackpot . Overall , this machine is not worth purchasing .
 Broke the very first time I pulled the handle . Very dissappointed , was going to give as a Christmas present . Made very cheaply , only good point was that it arrived on time .
 We bought a similar toy two years ago for our 5-year old son -LRB- Magnetix Translucent Curves with the word `` Magnetix '' stamped on each link -RRB- . We also have other children in the home . At this time three of the little magnets have come out . It seems to happen most when we put the curves end to end and the power of one magnet pulled another magnet out from its pocket in another curved piece . Basically , there is nothing holding the magnets in ! There is no `` lip '' and there is no adhesive on each end of the curved piece . The magnets are shaped like small cylinders . I am not talking about the larger balls which are just metal and are not magnets.And yes , these magnets have awesome power ! I put one of the little guys on my finger and another one attracted right through it - from the other side of my finger . Amazing yet scary.In Washington state recently one toddler died and another pre-schooler almost died - both swallowed multiple magnets from building toys . The key here is `` multiple '' . With more than one magnet , the internal organs got choked off before the mom even realized the kid was sick . The toddler 's older brother had received a `` Magnetix Xtreme Combo '' toy two weeks earlier . Here is the link with a video
 I gave this item as a gift . I do n't have answers to your questions . I thought the doll was very expensive . Diane
 This is a good product , but highly over-priced . $ 10 for FOUR pieces of track ???????
 I sent this unit back to Amazon ! Its form factor is contrary to what it says.The camera is small , as they state , but attached to it is a bulky power cable and 9v battery connector . When you hook it all up it 's huge ! No longer a stealthy camera . Ridiculous!It does not serve its intended purpose.MUVI turned out to be my replacement choice . All reviews are excellent . The image is excellent and it records for hours on an internal battery . There are lots of examples on YouTube.TaosGuy
 This was a great camera for the two days that it worked . I do n't know what happend to it . I came home from work on the second day and my screen was all fuzzy . It just stopped working .
 This wireless camera only works 5 ft away from the receiver . It is supposed to be 100m . What is the point of wireless if you have to be that close ?
 I recently ordered this camera hoping I could fly my helicopter controlling it at close range . Well I sure was wrong ! this camera gets fuzzy and you can hardly tell whats going on when it is 10ft away behind my helicopter box . I am very disappointed and hope to warn potential buyers that the range is terrible and can barely broadcast through a window let alone in the room right beside it . Unless you have one big room where the camera and receiver will both be placed , its not worth it . I just am saying It does not have a range near 200 ft like some are saying . . maybe you could tell whats going on at 50 ft no obstructions sitting still , but otherwis I do not recommend this to anyone and I am planning on returning the camera .
 i have bought several of these types of camera 's form other sellers that work way better . spend the extra couple buck for something reliable . now saying that , with the cost you ca n't be picky if you are willing to gamble.SECURITY - DO N'T BOTHER -LRB- the tuning is way to sensitive , whereas it it really hard to get a constant clear picture.I would not use it for home security of any type as i live in a townhouse , and when set up it literaly make a cracking sound on the monitor when the unit transmits through one wall . -RRB- the range is not 200 feet ... . maybe 10 feet line of sight . the advertising is false and i think this is why it was a dissapointing buy . i spent $ 50 bucks on the same type of unit several years ago and it works through the entire house and outside with no problems . this one has trouble transmitting clearly in the same room if large.Sorry to the seller for the bad review , but people need to know the truth about the item .
 I purchased this wireless camera for use in a medium size model helicopter . Unfortunately the range and quality of the video is quite weak . Even the smallest movement of the camera causes the video to destabilize and lose all detail . Might be good in a fixed location .
 It 's not what you 'd expect . Almost all signals around interfere with the video and audio of this camera . I takes too much adjusting every little move the camera makes so it is impossible to view off of a moving toy like a helicopter or RC vehicle as the product states plus RC products emit own signals than can cause video interruption . Not a good product at all . Will be more careful what cameras I buy next .
 1 -RRB- both units require power . the camera does have a 9v adpt but not the receiver . 2 -RRB- there is always a line of interferance on the monitor cause by noise . Not a good picture .3 -RRB- Picture quality is not clear , grainy and dis-colored4 -RRB- 1st range test was only about 50 ' from base which was located in my bedroom and the camera stopped transmitting in my drive way . I will test it outside later5 -RRB- ther is no on board memory storage , so you 'll have to set up a computer or something.good luck . .
 great concept , however , tuning is imposable , you get some horizontal instability 98 % of the time . but when you get it , it looks decent !
 Unable to use on my television . Advertisement did n't advise me that it needed a special television to play this game .
 I bought this for my daugher on her birthday she liked the doll , but she did not love it . She said , `` it was fun she enjoyed doing her hair , but it was not hat fun . ''
 This toy is ridiculous ! It does n't do anything . My boys thought you could shoot foam darts , but there is nothing to pull/push on to do that . There are no directions , and this is just a big hunk of plastic junk with a lot of screws that take you nowhere . Does n't even make sounds .
 E of Egypt is at one end and gypt at the other . Karachi is spelled Karacho . Portion of the Antartica is completely missing . Chittagong shows up in India instead of Bangladesh . Portions of Africa is missing.Buy a good globe even if it 's for a small child who may not be ready for Geography lessons . It would be sad if the child turns out to be attentive and learns all the wrong lessons .
 Although the doll is great -LRB- like all Barbie - Kellie dolls -RRB- the jumpin castle was pretty much a waste of money . We really did n't get it to work right and , in the long run , my daughter just played with the doll . Unless you are buying it for the doll , I would n't recommend this one , just a waste of plastic here .
 This is a very cheap toy . Poor finish , sloppy tolerances . Had a slight imbalance and would vibrate and lose speed quickly . The vibration makes most of the usual gyroscope tricks impossible.Then it spun off the table and promptly broke . Perhaps that 's why they offer the two-pack ?
 I know because I bought it . The gyroscope spins out of control and the string snaps on the first pull . The gyroscope is UGLY and DULL . I am Verry Disappointed and so will you if you get this . Do Not Buy it . It is made of lead and stains your finger when you toutch it . This Toy is Very Low Quality and it stinks . As I said Before Do not Buy .
 We bought this thinking our kids would love it . They did love painting . But the problem came when we tried to wash it off . We cleaned it about 30 minutes after the kids started and we had to get out the pressure washer . It took about an hour to clean up . It was by far the worst clean up . It does not come off that easily . the regular hose did nothing to get it off .
 The paint is very thin which makes it hard to paint on the sidewalk , you have to keep going over and over the same area to get it to stay and then I had a hard time getting it off when I left it overnight .
 Crocodile Dentist broke before the child had a chance to play the game . He simply opened the mouth to set it and it would n't lock open so the teeth could be played . When an adult tried to get it to set , it was obvious the racheting mechanism was faulty . Return it ? No , it cost less than $ 10 and would cost nearly that to get it in the mail -LRB- wrapping supplies , drive time and gas to get it to the post office -RRB- . We are going to chalk it up to what you get when you do n't buy American .
 This is just a knock off of crocodile dentist . It comes from China , and was already broken . The package was so beat up , I could n't even give it as a gift . Also , it does n't work . It just snaps every 2nd tooth , and sometimes the teeth do n't pop up . This is a very small version as well , the description does n't tell you it 's travel size .
 This is too small for the age of child it 's designed for . I swear there used to be a larger version . Plus , it did n't survive more than a few sessions of our play group before the spring broke .
 My 4 year old son received this as a Christmas gift . Once it was initally set-up he had a blast when the teeth chomped down on his finger -LRB- very gentle -RRB- . However , after 2 rounds of play we were unable to get the teeth to pop back up or to get the rest of the teeth to push down . Needless to say he was very disappointed as was I. Does not appear to be very durable or we just got a bad one .
 Item seemed like it was used not a new product ! Oh well it is just a cheap toy and the kids will probably tear it up in a couple of weeks anyway !
 I bought this for my son after remembering when I played it when I was younger . I looked at tons of different ones to see which one I should get . I bought this one and it came broken . I tried to fix it but even after it should 've worked again , it would still let you put all the teeth down without the crocodile biting . This one is also very small . I went to Toys R Us and bought the one they sell , which I was nervous to do since you could n't see what 's inside the box , but that one is perfect and exactly what I was looking for , plus it does n't actually `` bite '' so my little ones wo n't be too afraid to play it .
 i purchased this thinking it was the ORIGINAL crocodile dentist . this one is FAR FROM IT . first of all , it is about the size of my hand . yes , very very very small . it does not take batteries . you simply &#34; push &#34; the teeth down with your finger one at a time and when you press a certain tooth , it trigger the jaw to close on your finger . but , the jaw is held open with just a spring attachement which often malfunctions . and when the jaw closed on my sons little finger -LRB- only 3 -RRB- , the top part of the crocodile just fell off . it is CHEAPLY MADE ! the picture is also misleading - this one has braces . i do not remember the original crocodile dentist having braces on its top teeth . completely bored my son .
 I was n't expecting much , but was disappointed that this game did n't even survive shipping . It did n't work right out of the box . The mouth wo n't close as it should -LRB- which is the whole point of the game -RRB- . I 'm a speech therapist and thought this would be a cute game for my students , but it 's going back as it 's a piece of junk .
 I am upset to see that this is a knock off . How is it legal for them to sell this ? I guess amazon does not care to protect it 's buyers ...
 This toy came in poor shape - the plastic was broken and it was dirty - suppose to be `` new '' - It has not even been one month and the toy is brok
 My son got this last year for his fourth birthday . He only played it a few times when it slammed down and somehow pinched his fingers hard enough to make him cry . He never wanted to play the game again , I ended up getting rid of it . There are too many other fun and safe games out there to bother with this one .
 this is very cheap , broke almost right out of the package . I bought it to work with kids at church , a fun game to use with singing time . It did n't even make it 1/2 way around the room . A tooth stuck down , it would n't allow the mouth to stay open . My son was able to fix it by unscrewing the base and fiddling with it . So not worth the price . It 's much smaller than I had expected . Very expensive for what it is . I only expect it to break again , so I am going to return it .
 I was really excited about this toy . Unfortunately , it was very small and lasted maybe 2 hours before breaking . Excessively cheap construction . Worth it only if you find it in the dollar store -LRB- toy was maybe 6-8 in nose to tail -RRB-
 When I was younger I had a crocadile dentist that you actually pulled the teeth out , thats what I was expecting . This was a travel size one that all you do is push the teeth , not very fun . My 4 year old broke it in less than a week , but we were not too upset ! Not a bad toy for a road trip , but owuld n't recommend it for a family game .
 The crocodile dentist worked as it should for about one week . Great concept , but too flimsy . Pushing any of the teeth makes the croc chomp down . Not supposed to work that way .
 My oldest got this for his 5th birthday . He and his 3yo brother played with it non-stop ! It was a huge hit . But now here we are just a week later and the crocodile wo n't keep his mouth open :-LRB- The kids still play with it , but of course not nearly as much . They just hold his mouth open and push all the teeth down , then ignore it for the most part . Part of me wants to buy another , but I 'm worried about it just breaking again .
 I guess it 's my own fault for not really reading the description , but this thing is TINY . Was fun enough but the kids -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- figured out which tooth was the `` bad '' one after @ 30 seconds of playing with it . Not worth the money .
 I specifically bought this toy because it was self contained with no parts to loose . It was to be taken on a trip to visit with my 5 year old grandson . What fun ! We laughed and pushed the teeth down while taking turns . Well , after less than a day the only tooth that would cause the jaws to snap was the center tooth . Not too much fun there . I feel I wasted my money .
 I bought this for my 3 yr old and at first , he thought it was the best game ever and laughed when the croc would chomp down on his fingers . Then , the top part of the mouth kept falling off and I had to keep putting it back on until it just completely broke and was n't able to play it again . I think it lasted at tops for a full week in our house and that was it . So , definintely does n't hold up well at all !
 It broke , I swear , the second time my child touched the teeth . I have never seen a toy do that . Maybe I just got a lemon .
 So disappointed - this is a travel version . It should be advertised as such . It wo n't last through Christmas morning if it 's even looked at ! I have contacted the seller as to my disappointment in hopes to obtain the real game or a full refund , I will post the result .
 Bought this as one of the toys for my 4 year old 's birthday . The mouth does not shut even with all the teeth pressed down . Very frustrating for him as he does n't see any point to the game . We 've tried it several times but no luck . And sometimes not all the teeth stay down so we 're not sure if they 're supposed to stay down or rebound back up . The spring inside makes a weird clicking sound so I 'd assume it 's broken . I wish I had taken the negative reviews seriously . Sometimes I luck out with a product even with bad reviews but not this time . It really does not work . Quite disappointing . Make sure it 's not the ` only ' gift so they can get distracted with the others that actually do work .
 I bought this toy to give my grandson for his birthday . It was ordered in October for his December birthday . I decided to open it before I mailed it to see how it worked . Well , it did not work at all . I opened the mouth and some of the time the teeth all pop up but most of the time 6 to 8 stay down . When they all popped up , then I thought it should work as described . It did not . I have never gotten the mouth to close when I pushed a tooth down . It is a piece of junk ! Since I did not check it out until after Thanksgiving , I can not return it for the full price . By the time I pay for postage I would loose even more so I 'll just trash it ! What a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!
 I bought this game for my children at Christmas and it did n't work from the second we pulled it from the package . The teeth get stuck and the mouth does n't close most of the time . I did n't return it because it would cost more to deal with than I paid for it . Maybe I just got a bad one , who knows . My kids still play with it -LRB- they are only 3 -RRB- but not the way it was meant to be played with . I would recommend just going with the full sized one , not the travel size .
 It was a good idea my son was scared to even try it though . Once he started playing with it then the top part of the mouth came off . I rarely find it in one piece . My 18 month old is the only one really interested in playing with it for the most part .
 I was VERY disappointed with this toy . This is not a full size toy but rather a travel toy . I could not believe how small this was for the price I paid -LRB- around $ 13.00 -RRB- . I will be checking to see what the return policy is on this item . I would NOT recommend if you are looking for an actual game for more than one child to play .
 The product is flaky , fragile and small . My son was dissapointed to see just how small and fragile it was . He played with it once and threw in a corner . And he loves boardgames and creative games . I was dissapointd too . I paid too much for too little .
 My 3-year old toddler loved playing `` snatch-the-toast '' from her toy toaster so I bought her the crocodile dentist . However , she is scared stiff of the clamping action and refused to play with it . She started removing the sticker-eyes and - nostrils instead . Toy is durable per se but stickers can be easily removed . I had to glue them back with superglue , which is better lasting . I came to a conclusion that she is still too young to play with the crocodile dentist and I intend to keep it for her later on .
 At first the jaw did n't close even after I pushed all the teeth in . After a few tries some of the teeth stuck and will not come back out . Cheaply made - I wo n't be buying another one .
 This toy did not last 1 day . The spring mechanism inside broke after about the 5th game we played . I would n't waste my money on it again . We were pretty careful with since it felt cheap right out of the box . After the 5th game the mouth would not stay open anymore .
 We had a larger &#34; Crocodile dentist &#34; toy that my 2 and 4 year old really loved playing with . After a month or two the toy broke so you could n't play the game . I bought this as replacement . It is very small and the game never worked - you push all of the teeth and the mouth never shuts . It 's a shame because the concept of this game is great . But do n't buy this one
 Head gets stuck and does not snap . Very small and flimsy . I was disappointed with this and kids have not played with it at all . Should have taken heed to the other reviews which stated same .
 We played with this gift three tiems and it broke . Very poorly made . Would buy if I could find a better quality product becasue the game itself is quite funny .
 The description did n't say that it was the small version ! I wanted the bigger version . Does n't work that great , either .
 This is not a very good toy . Sometimes it catches and works but mostly not . Should of listened to reviews . They were right .
 This is n't at all like the Milton Bradley version , it 's VERY VERY cheap brittle plastic . Ours arrived with the top portion of the head warped and unable to stay attached to the body which makes the game useless . But the overall plastic is cheap , there are stress marks all over the plastic that were not caused by us and unlikely caused by shipping . . This is what I would expect at a dollar discount store or flea market where you expect it to either not work , or only work a few times before breaking .
 Since this game gave no dimensions , I had to guess at it 's size . From the photos that I saw , I assumed that the toy would be bigger then it actually was . It is small , about the size of my fist . The idea of the game is to keep pressing teeth until you reach the sore one , at which time the jaw will snap shut . However , the jaw very frequently pops off completely when snapping shut and requires an adult to put it back together . The teeth often do not reset after the jaw has snapped shut and have to be manually pried back into position to be able to play again . All in all , a disappointment and not worth the money it would cost to send it back .
 We played this game twice and it broke . The teeth wo n't come back up and the mouth wo n't stay open . Save your money .
 I bought this toy for my Grandson for Christmas , because he asked for it . I was looking for the original Crocodile Dentist game by Milton Bradley , but they are few and far between and expensive . So I got this this . When it arrived I was shocked by how small it was and how cheap it looked !! On Christmas day my Daughter called me and said the thing did NOT work . The teeth would go down , and never come back up !!! So it is as cheap as it looks . This thing is going back , and I would NOT recommend this to anybody !!!! IT IS JUNK !!!! Bring back the original Milton Bradley game !!!!
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old nephew , who absolutely loves crocodiles . I personally opened it and played with him . Half of the teeth went down and never came back up . The head never even snapped down . I would n't recommend this toy , as cute as it looks .
 This is definitially not as fun as the original 1990 one with removable teeth , and its lungeing motion . This version is smaller than a softball . I really expected it to be the size of the gator golf like mine was growing up.the flaw im finding in this is with the spring they use to make it shut . often the mouth only shuts half way , or and sometime syou have to open and shut the mouth 3 + times to get all the teeth up . Now it worked perfect for about 15 min . My daughter is 3 , and she has already gotten annoyed with it becuase of the number of times weve played it and known it was supseod to bite us , but it didnt . I have ordered the original one off ebay since its no longer avaliable new , but will keep this as its a good solution for the car when watching dvd 's get boreing .
 Cute idea , but toy is cheaply made and does n't work most of the time . Not worth it , save your money .
 This simple game works exactly as stated
 the title says it all . My 2.5 yr old son was not that interested in the first place , completely stopped playing with it after 30 minutes . It now sits with a pile of toys collecting dust .
 I bought it for 21/2 old , and she hates it , she is soooo scared of it , she can not even see it , maybe she will be ready in 10 years
 I was disappointed in this toy . It was a travel size and I was expecting a bigger size . I had seen the larger version and was really looking forward to giving it to my daughter . As is turns out , she was a little scared of it anyway , so she probably would have really been scared of the larger one . Anyway , it is a great toy , but I would prefer the larger version .
 WARNING ! THIS IS NOT THE CROCODILE DENTIST GAME THAT YOU GREW UP WITH ! I had the idea to buy Crocodile Dentist for a Christmas present for a five year old boy . I remember playing the game when I was younger and I loved it ! -LRB- the original toy has teeth that you pull out of the croc 's mouth and the crocodile was atleast 3 times larger then this pewny little thing -RRB- . Not only did they change how you play the game , but the size as well ... what a jip ... shame on them !
 My 4 year old hates this toy . Not only does it pinch when it snaps shut , but the same tooth triggers the snap every time . It did n't take him long to figure out which tooth NOT to pick . This toy was a huge disappointment this Christmas .
 It started out being fun , but was too hurtful to little fingers . It 's not being played with as much as I thought it would , but it was what they asked for . Another toy for the garage sale .
 This was awful . I guess you get what you pay for !!!!! When we opened for the grand daughters to pay with Christmas Eve , the teeth was sticking and there was no excitement . I was suppose to snap it did nothing .
 My 7 year old son with special needs is very interested in anything related to dentistry -LRB- books about going to the dentist , the books Open Wide and Dr. DeSoto , ... -RRB- so we were really hoping this toy would get his attention too . However , it is just not very entertaining and it is also very fragile . The teeth would get stuck from the first day we opened it and after dropping it a couple of times , it broke apart , so we are no longer able to use it anyway.Unfortunately , this toy was a dud at our home .
 My 4 year old used his piggy bank money to purchas this toy . We could not get the mouth to chomp down no matter how many teeth we pushed in any order . We returned it for a new one from a different seller & had the same problem . Very disappointed .
 I just gave this to my 3 year old for her birthday tonight . She was so excited about her &#34; baby alligator &#34; but when I tried to show her that it was a game , I could n't make it work . I tried 6 times and ONE of the times I pushed all the teeth in and got it to snap closed . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 A tooth fell out but could still play it . Then another tooth fell out -LRB- ca n't replace -RRB- so made the game even less playable . Also , it was really tiny and more like a travel size which I did not expect for the money .
 do n't buy this , broke out of the box , poor quality item , dissapointed child , worst present ever , stay away from this game not worth the time or money
 This is a knock off of the real toy . It came in a weird box and the toy was rattling around , not even tied down . It already looked played with . The box had several odd phrases on it like the toy is `` elegant '' . What ??!! Obviously a foreign knock off - and a cheap one at that !
 I 'm very upset after receiving my `` Crocodile Dentist '' game . Once I got it out of the Amazon box , I realized right away that this was not the game made by Hasbro sold in the US . It 's very obvious just from looking at the game box , which is cheap , says `` CrocoDileDentist '' on it , and is full of oddly-phrased sentences with typos , punctuation errors , and grammer mistakes . The toy does work , but it is VERY cheaply made . If I wanted this toy , I could have gone to alibaba.com and ordered one from China myself for 1.75 . Instead I paid 11 dollars for the REAL toy , and got this one . As another reviewer said , it does have a `` used '' look about it right out of the package . Especially on the bottom of the toy . I am very disapointed . I 've never had an experience like this on Amazon , and I 've bought hundreds of items . This seller gives this sitea bad name .
 When I opened the box , I pushed down the teeth to see how hard it would clamp shut and it did n't clamp shut . I returned the toy to the company and will not be purchasing another one . I was originally excited about this purchase as I have seen the toy before and the kids really liked it .
 The three bears on this toy spin easily , which makes it great for a young baby to play with . Each of the bears are rattles and are not only interesting to watch but noisy too . However , the suction cup does n't work very well , even when moistened . I used to put it on our baby 's swing tray , and then her high chair tray , but it never stuck for long and would fall over . Obviously it 's quite top-heavy , so it 's not a toy that is made to be HELD and played with.Occasionally I will still try it on her high chair tray but now she 's strong enough that -LRB- because it does n't stick well -RRB- she can knock it to the floor . Mostly it just sits in her toy box and does n't get any play.My recommendation ? If you 're looking for a suction cup toy , try something else . Overall , this one just is n't worth it .
 We loved this toy at first ... great fun ! But when my son decided to put his foot in it and bounce around the pool , he put 7 holes in our pool liner before we discovered the problem . Never thought that would happen and this fun toy promptly went in the trash !
 The springs on this toy are extremely tight , making it very difficult for babies and toddlers to operate . Althouhg it is nice to see dinosaurs instead of all the other familiar characters , all of the other pop-up boxes I 've seen `` reward '' the child by popping up with much less hand strength required .
 once you get this toy in your hands you can see the cheap construction -- the buttons do n't work smoothly and the egg-tops are easy to pull off
 My 18 month old received this as a gift for his 1st birthday . I agree that the buttons are too hard to push , they work great if he steps on them . It is indestractable , believe me he has thrown it , sat on it and stepped on it . Problem is , he could care less . We tried playing with him , naming the colors and shapes . One shot through the line-up and he was off looking for something else to do . In my opinion , it 's just not interesting enough .
 Such a great idea , perfect in its simplicity , and yet executed so horribly . This is the first time I 've ever felt the need to write a review on Amazon -LRB- I was so worked up I even took pictures and added them to the product description -RRB- .1 . The tactile feel of the product sucks . The buttons should click or at least depress nicely .2 . Murky , hard to read numbers . Even when I push down all the way some numbers are still barely legible and I wonder if my daughter will be able to depress the buttons all the way .3 . Some of the math is wrong ! 1 + 2 = 3 ? 2 + 2 = 3 ? This is n't exactly advanced vector calculus and it 's THE ONLY THING this product is supposed to do . At least do it right . Even if the company realized the mistake after one million units were produced , they should have the pride to not ship a math product geared exclusively towards kids learning math with bad math on it .1 star , avoid .
 I bought this for my oldest son because he is interested in learning addition and subtraction . He has only used it four or five times . He gets frustrated that his finger covers the answer and the plastic is so thick it is hard to read anyway . I remember using this toy when I was young and I thought the manufacturers would have developed a better product since materials have changed so much in the past twenty years .
 Big problem ... the answers are not printed on the key above . They are underneath the key , so that when you depress it , you can see through . The problem is the numbers on top are over the number underneath in many cases , which makes the answer harder to see . I really prefer the ones where you can clearly see the answer print above .
 I was so excited to receive this to help my 5 year old with her addition and subtraction . You are supposed to press on the button and `` magically '' the correct answer appears.No magic here ! The answers are simply underneath and as you push , the correct answers underneath are supposed to become more transparent or visible -LRB- similar to using tracing paper and placing it over something you want to trace . The closer the tracing paper is to the image you want to copy , the more clearly you can see it . -RRB- Well , neither my daughter nor I could even make out what the answers were . How are we supposed to read THROUGH a plastic button ? It made no sense.This was really a disappointment and such a waste !
 I had bought a different Melissa and Doug stamp set that was an acceptable size , and assumed this would be similar . But this one is really too tiny . I could n't tell from Amazon 's picture just how small it was ! There may have been an indication of the dimensions in the product description , but I missed it . Perhaps Amazon needs to be more clear about these things .
 The background for this puzzle is black , which makes putting the puzzle together very difficult indeed . It 's not much fun and the picture is n't as good as some . Not an enjoyable experience at all - and we love puzzles !
 I purchased this a month ago for my daughter for Christmas . She just opened them to decorate the shoes this morning and every single paint except the light blue is completely dried up inside of the tube . She is disappointed and I am annoyed .
 When it 's working , it 's fun to watch it go up and down and around , but the battery is basically between the two pieces which are held together by a o-ring , no screw , no plastic ridge to pop it together , so basically it 's really easy to pop apart , especially when turning it on and off involves twisting it , which many times makes it pop open . -LRB- The battery being sprung is pushing against the o-ring -RRB- anyhow , get a kid near it , and it 's fragile setup basically ends up in two pieces in the water , and water in the motor , and days drying out ... after a few times of this happening , the motor has started to turn slow -LRB- probably starting to rust inside -RRB- . If the company could redeisgn this to get a positive locking to the pieces , this toy would be a home run , but as it 's stands , it 's really just a great idea stuck with a poor design .
 I love legos , but his was a little disappointing . The roof tiles are wider than the `` normal '' lego tiles that come with other kits , so you ca n't combine the sets . The reason I got this set was to create bigger houses , but I still ca n't since the tiles do n't match my other tiles . Not sure why . As for the windows and doors , they are great .
 We did n't receive this item and called the company to ask why . They said they are no longer making them , but neither the company nor Amazon had bothered to let us know . We did not get a refund as it dragged on and on . I suggest that Amazon discontinue their relationship with parts of the LEGO company . Our grandson was very disappointed as he is a huge LEGO fan . Shame on you , LEGO .
 I usually do n't go for the mechanical stuffed animals because their motions tend to be jerky and they are not cuddly because of the motor . My daughter wanted a pug . We already have a dog and two cats , this was a consolation and I felt it was not worth the money . It does n't do much other than bark when you tug the toy . Which is totally fine and would be great except that it 's so light weight , you have to jerk it to get it going which sets the dog flying . Alternatively you could hold the pup in the other hand and pull the toy but then it starts doing the motion in your hand , it really needs to be on a surface to get the benefit of the motion . It would have been better as a non-mechanical stuffed animal .
 This toy is very durable with brigh colors , but this toy is also quite lame !!! There is nothing to do besides popping the animals on and of of the other plastic pieces . We received this toy as a gift , and the only thing it has proved itself good for , is a teether -LRB- the different pieces -RRB- to our daughter .
 We received our Baby Born doll today , and quickly got our son to distract our daughter so that we could get a quick peak at her Christmas present . At first , we thought the doll was adorable . However , after our daughter went to bed , we got it out of the packaging before wrapping it -LRB- it is one of our pet peeves to spend Christmas morning wrestling with wires and cardboard -RRB- and attempted to discover all of its `` functions . '' Supposedly it `` squeals with delight . '' I kept looking for some way to make this baby do something -- anything -- and then my husband took it and forcefully squeezed its left arm and finally a pitiful squeak came out . It is not a `` squeal of delight '' but more like a dog toy squeak . Not only that , but no 38 pound girl could muscle up the strength to make this doll squeak . It came with two tubes and no directions as to where to put these tubes . I have edited anatomy textbooks , so I 'm not dumb as far as where the possible orifices might be ! There was just no logical explanation for these strange tubes that we could find , even after reading every single piece of paperwork . So , tossing the tubes aside , we tried to give her water . It leaked out of her neck -LRB- no surprise what with the missing tubes -RRB- . We packaged the entire sham back up and really , really hope that they give us our money back -- minus the shipping charge . What a scam . We are hoping for better luck with Corelle . I 'm just happy we did n't keep it in the packaging , only to have our daughter be the disappointed one on Christmas morning while she discovered its `` functions . ''
 I was looking for a doll-that-wets to help me potty train my 3 year old daughter . The doll was quite expensive , the only one with the feature I was looking for in that particular toy store . It comes without any instructions , or maybe they were missing from the box , but I really doubt that . When you give the doll water it instantly starts peeing , better when it is laying down than when it sits on the potty . No matter how you turn it and how you close or open the valve , IT LEAKS . I could not see any tears no matter how I turned it . Overall , big waste of money , I would STRONGLY RECOMMEND AGAINST IT . It makes a big title of glory that does n't need batteries , but it absolutely does not rise to the expectations listed on the box , and I would personally get a battery doll that works , than this one .
 Water begins leaking out of the hole in the bottom almost as soon as you start feeding the doll , so be sure to have a diaper on . The Born brand diapers cost more per diaper than regular baby diapers and can not be reused . Once they get wet , they must be thrown out . It would be better to make your own . My three year old daughter was horribly disappointed by the `` baby food '' which looked like water with small white particles floating in it . At least you can submerge the baby for a bath . It looks cute . It does come with a potty , but is not anatomically correct , so it may or may not be useful for potty training , depending on your child .
 This trick is terrible . Not what I expected at all . The picture is completely decieving and is not a cup . I would not recommend this at all .
 THIS TOY ISNT APPROPRIATE FOR YOUR GROWING CHILDREN AS THEY TEND TO SEND THE WRONG MESSAGETO CHILDREN -LRB- OR AT LEAST MOST -RRB- THAT CHILDREN SHOULD DRESS LIKE US BRATZ . NO ! PARENTS SHOULD N'T ALLOW THEIR KIDS TO DRESS LIKE SLUTS SO DO N'T BUY THIS DOLL ! THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING IS THAT THESE DOLLS ARE IN THEIR BABY STAGE OR ATLEAST SO BUT THEY DARE DRESS SO SKANKILY !
 A lot of people say that these bratz babyz are sooooooooooo cute but I do n't think that they are that cute.My cousin Emily just got Bratz big babyz Cloe and she kept telling me and my sister that it was sooooooooooo cute.I think the baby was okay but it was n't wonderful and she even asked me where the nose was because it was soooooooooo small.A lot of kids say that they are cute but the bratz babyz do n't even have real hair and there eyes are huge . I think a lot of people just like them because they are bratz because if MyScene made the same babies that bratz did a lot of kids would n't even buy the MyScene babies.So kids need to stop saying there cute because if MyScene made the same babies kids that hate MyScene would say the babies were ugly .
 I like baby dolls , but not this one . I love Phoebe and Roxxi , so maybe I would get the big baby versions of those , but no other big Bratz babyz . This doll is not soft , so so much for hugging and cuddling it . It 's kind of cute , but I would get big baby Phoebe and Roxxi only.As for your FALSE LIES about Barbie , people are still buying them , Mattel HAS NOT given up , and Barbie will still be aroundfor years to come ! I love both Barbie and Bratz and nothing willchange that !
 My 5 year ol got this for her b-day . The pig-tails pop off her head easily , and under her way to short hoochie mama skirt , she was wearing a black see through mesh thong !!! This toy is obviously not meant for any child who has morals and values .
 this toy is cute but ... NASTY ! a baby dos n't look like that and ... even a 16 year old would n't wear that crap ! this toy is kind of cute but not for a little girl.IF YOU WANT YOUR DAUGHTER TO BE A STRIPPER , THEN BUY THIS TOY !
 Okay , I brought this home , looked it over , and IMMEDIATELY took it back . This is supposed to be for a KID , right ? I DO N'T THINK SO , at least not mine . I purchased it for my 8 yr . old ... my 15 yr . old called it `` skanky '' -LRB- which I thought was kind -RRB- . I ca n't see how any reasonable parent would want this for a child . Skirt is slutty , comes w / see-thru thong , and is definately inappropriate , even as a gag gift , unless you 're shopping for a pedophile .
 This `` BABY '' comes complete with thong underwear -LRB- which you would never know from the package -RRB- . I was very embarrassed for requesting this `` baby doll '' for my 5 year old 's birthday . The adults at the party passed around the doll checking out the underwear . I got a lot of raised eyebrows and `` you 've got to be kidding `` s. Nothing really phases me but I think that is absolutely ridiculous .
 Are you seriously trying to tell me that this is a baby ? A 15 year old wouldnt even wear that slutty clothes . Nor would a 20 or 30 year old ! Do you seriosly want your kids to have this toy , and start to dress just like the `` baby ? '' If you do , then go ahead , waste your money and your kids life . Plus these are the most discusting and ugly looking toys i have ever seen . Someone really needs to sue the desinger of Bratz .
 This is the message you want to send to little girls ??? I HATE THIS DOLL ! That shirt dos n't even cover up her navel ! She is wearing a mini skirt for heavens sake ! I got this doll for my 9th B-day from a friend and I thought I was going to barf . Hold on untill I turn 30 . If you want your daughter , or friend to be a stripper , be my guest , but this is sending the wrong message to girls of all ages . She is also wearing a thong !! YUK !!!!!!!!
 Cloe isent as pretty as the normal bratz babyz cloe .
 Great , just great . My 5 year old sister got this innapropriate toy , AND NOW WANTS A SKIRT JUST LIKE THE DUMM BABY HAS ! THE SAME LENGTH , TOO ! Now my sister wont shutup about it ! And she started to become rude to my mom , when she is only 5 ! What next , drugs ? All because of the stupid toy , my 5 year old sister is now turning into some teenager from a gang !
 Well , if ever proof were needed that the world has gone to Hell - look no further than this abomonation . For those that have n't actually heard of these toys , take a look at them . They 're called `` Bratz '' , and are aimed at pre-teenage girls . They dress like hookers , have big pouting lips and are obviously aimed at adults that do n't know any better to buy their impressionable little girls . `` Bratz '' is n't the word I would use - I think `` Slutz '' would be a more fitting term . Seriously - take a look at the others they have on sale here . Am I the only one to think there 's just something a bit off about this whole range?But that 's not all - let 's have these Bratz as BABIES , dressed as hookers - how adorable is that ? Answer - not at all . The Curmudgeon is no prude , but this sort of image is just not healthy , and certainly nothing to be encouraged . Kids buying these dolls will want to LOOK like these dolls - so cue your darling nine year old daughter dressing up like Christina Aguliera in her Dirrty video . Perfect if you 're that odd guy from two door down who watches kids through the keyhole , but for ordinary people it 's a scary step too far.Don ' t get me wrong - kids need toys . Kids need to play , they need imagination and fun and games . What they DO N'T need is some cynical toy aimed at the kids who spend their days melting their brains watching the endless T&A ; on MTV and want their dolls to look like the girls gyrating on screen . It 's sick and wrong , and is just one more example of corrupting the youth that we all seem to take for granted these days.Bottom line ? If you buy these toys for your kids you 're a BAD PARENT.But then , maybe you 're reading this and laughing at that carazzy old Curmudgeon and his wacky views . Go ahead - buy the doll , give in to your whinging offspring . May I suggest a nice compliment gift to go with it ? How about a nice pack of birth-control pills ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Guessthey were n't kidding when they said `` BIG '' babys!Well , yeah I agree that these dolls do n't really sent a good message for kids.But regular barbie dolls are now old and some how ... childish.Most of the barbies are pretty much same old `` Princess '' stuff.ANd since sales have n't been doing too well , Mattel has been rushing and making dumb movies.Anyway The doll is really big.It 's lips -LRB- lIke every other bratz doll -RRB- are huge.THe legs of this doll and big and fat.The skirt too short.She seems to have big hips , I rather have the small bratz dolls .
 This is completely wrong . What type of person would give their 3yr old daughter a doll that is wearing thong underwear . I was blown away when I figured this out.Never would I recommend this doll !
 i definetly agree with the person below me ! It teaches kids to be like these dolls . Thats why i buy my daughter barbies and kellys and strawberry shortcake dolls . -LRB- by the way i am an adult not a kid i just dont have an acount :--RRB- -RSB- i hope pretty soon the world will figure it out that bratz arent good for kids ! mabye preteens and teens but NOT kids under 10 . It just killed me too hear in the paper that barbie isnt getting bought any more and mattel has given up !!
 There are two photos here . One , with the authentic head band and the other , comparing the bootleg version with the authentic one . Here 's the problem ... I was hoping to receive the authentic one but turned out to get the bootlegged one . I 'm not very happy with it but I 'm not planning to use it for cosplay or something of that nature . Still would 've been better to get the better looking one .
 do not buy this product go somewhere else i got mine today and its horrible i wasted money on a stupid bootleg version go to another site or something the bootleg version in the picture it the one you get im writing this so nobody else wastes there money and time for nothing
 the description stated that this item was
 I purchased this because of the picture and that it said it was the official headband . I was shipped a bootleg headband that was falling apart upon opening the package . Very disappointed .
 This headband sucks !! its not the official one . Its too small for my head . Its supposed to be blue , not black . I 'm currently using it as a collar for my dog and thats the only cool thing about it . I 'm trying to find a real one in time for this costume party im going to . Plz help !
 Product information is confusing and have so bad luck i received the Bootleged version . Still i 'm keeping it because i 'm not very picky with cosplay , but for hardcore cosplayers stay away , looks really cheap and fake ! : -LRB-
 I thought this was suppose to be the authentic headband , instead they sent a bootleg one that looks like s ** t !! My 4 year old cousin could make a better looking bootleg headband than this.save your money and buy some sheet metal , get someone to cut it , then get them to imprint the symbol and scratch , then glue it on to some black faric
 I recommend this product to no one because it was essentially plastic . It felt like it was throw together in and hour . The &#34; metal part &#34; bends too easy as it will break . If you want to truly cosplay , this is not the right headband . I tried bending it to make it look like my cosplay and it was terrible .
 Well , the title says it all . I almost bought this because I received a bootleg one with the complete costume . Guess I 'll look somewhere else .
 This item does n't even look like the one the picture ... It 's not the real thing and it 's a bootleg one . .
 The launch tower does not stay connected to the launch pad but for a minute or two . I am glad that I bought this at discount and feel bad for the folks who paid full price . My little guy has been begging for this toy for months and he is frustrated with it . I will most likely return this and purchase the t-tower which is a bit less expensive .
 My son really wanted this toy , he recieved it as a gift . The tower falls off if you look at it wrong , I will have to epoxy it to the base . It is expensive and does not come with any teen titans . Buy the figures and build your own tower/fort for them .
 This toy is absolutely terrible . I gave it one star , only because zero is not an option . My son really wanted this toy , and when he got it , he played with it for about 5 minutes , and walked away . Even a four year old can see how lame this toy is . It comes with a trigger that is supposed to eject some kind of orange ramp to launch a car . Nice concept , except the thing does n't come out all the way , so my son ends up pulling the thing out . There are missiles that are supposed to attach to the side according to the instructions , they do n't . The tower keeps falling off of it . All around , I ca n't believe how poorly designed this toy is for the money . You would think I bought it at the dollar store or something . I would urge all who consider buying this toy , to talk your kid into something else . IT 'S TERRIBLE !!!
 Surely the developer of the game had to notice that the tower would not stay on . I also notices that the bushes -LRB- or whatever they are -RRB- do not attach where they are located as shown on the box and they will not stay attached either . If I glue everything on , it will probably be o.k. , but why would n't the manufacturer have just made the connection for the tower more durable ? Toy is actually fun and hold my childs attention , if you can keep it together .
 We were very excited to give the Titan Tower to our son for Christmas ... and are now very disappointed . This toy is of very poor quality . The pieces will not stay together and my son has no interest in it , saying it is not fun because it keeps falling down . I wish I had kept the receipt so that I could return it .
 I have to agree with alot of the other posts on this one . Santa brought this for my daughter , who loves teen titans , for Christmas . The instructions , what there is of them , is very hard to decipher . The orange launch thing would not work and I had to take apart the little red switch that the control thing fits on to make the organge track pop out . -LRB- the red switch was not in the right position from factory -RRB- . Even then the orange track does not fold all the way out . Also , like alot of other reviewers the tower tips over very easily . I just do n't feel like I am getting what I am paying for these days when it comes to toys .
 I got this for my son because he wanted it and on tv the toy looked strong ... But , the tower does n't stay on and I took the advise of someone that reviewed the item and crazyglued the tower on to the base . Overall , I would n't recommend this product if you can help it . My son has all of the characters to Teen Titans and their different cars he does n't use it at all anymore , but he plays with the action figures .
 this toy is not well made it dose n't stay together . When the child plays with it the tower comes off the base . It is altogether not thought out I would not recomend or buy this toy again .
 My son would love this toy if it stayed together . All the parts come off . It is constantly falling a apart and that is not because of rough play . We have even hot glued it together which works for awhile .
 My son is 6 and loves the Teen Titans . This item was on his Christmas list as one of his `` big '' things . As I was putting it together `` for Santa '' , I was very disappointed at how poorly it was made . The sections would n't stay together at all . The little rockets/missles barely shoot out of the thing . In the back , there is a trigger thing that is supposed to launch the little car . Well , it barely touches the car at all . Not only that , the instructions were bogus and not very clear . For the money , you 'd think it had lights and noises etc. . . Nada . My son was really disappointed . So , if you 're child is wanting this try to discourage it . My son still plays with it but it 's really not worth it at all .
 This toy is quite small . I think when you see this toy , should think if you are going for the block or farm concept . Whichever one it is , either get another farm toy or blocks . -LRB- Mega Blocks -RRB- Also animals roam , they do n't jump , so when child plays they would n't naturally want to stick the animal in the block numerous times to get where they are going . Just my thoughts .
 A friend of mine gave the `` Sammy and Sharon Safety '' product to my son as a gift . My son tried to open it , but struggled mightily with the packaging . After a few frustrating minutes , I took it away from him and tried to open it myself . It was amazingly difficult , espcially considering the age group that this product is intended for . What was even more disturbing was that in my own frustration to open the box , I cut my finger open on the plastic ! Thank goodness it was n't my son 's finger ! If it was n't so disturbing I would have laughed at the irony that I was injured by a toy supposedly promoting safety.All of this preceded our discovery that the product as a whole is quite poorly made -LRB- the outfit is already falling apart -RRB- . In addition , it seems that the author of the book is so concerned with rhyming that he ignores basic principles of grammar and sentence structure . Children 's books should not seem as if they were written BY children .
 I brought this for my friend name Brian , for his birthday I figured he needed his very own Jasper !
 I ordered this Standing Horse , expecting to get what is pictured . Instead , I got a rearing horse , which has the two front legs in the air . I am still trying to resolve this with Amazon . The quality is fine otherwise - a small , crudely carved , lightweight wooden -LRB- balsa wood ? -RRB- horse .
 While entertaining , there 's not much `` game '' to this ... game . It 's all luck , no strategy or ability to impact how the game moves or progresses . While that may be age-appropriate for 2 year olds , this game is definitely well below the suggested developmental age range of 4 . I would n't even rate the educational value of this game very high , as by the age of 4 , kids can already count , discern directions , and read symbols . The game is n't worthless , just not on par with Gamewright 's usual flair , and definitely developmentally geared toward younger children . As this game has small pieces , though , it would n't be feasible to play this game with children in that age range . I do n't recommend this game for 4 + . Rather , check out Kids of Carcasonne , or Monza .
 This game is boring because there 's no thinking involved besides doing what the dice say.The game pieces are kind of cute but is n't challenging enough to keep age 6 and up entertained .
 This game is not much fun for kids older than 3 , and since it 's not intended for children younger than 3 -LRB- choking hazard -RRB- , it 's kind of pointless . And since there are so many great games out there that are not only way more educational but WAY more fun for the kids AND you , invest your money elsewhere . For example , the HISSS game -LRB- making colorful snakes -RRB- by the same company is for young children too and WAY WAY WAY more fun for everyone !
 This is a very attractive game . Cool cover art . Neat purple wooden mice and two fun dice with a sleeping cats , dinner bowls , and left pointing arrows . You basically take turns rolling these dice and either
 I bought this game for our 4-year-old twins along with a few other beginner games based on other customer reviews . Suffice it to say , this game is quite boring for our entire family . I was expecting something slightly more than put a mouse in the bowl or pass a mouse to the person beside you . The game can drag on and on ... ughh . Our boys played it once and that was the end of that!However , they LOVE the other games I bought . They 've gotten far more enjoyment out of Hiss , Pirate Pop Up , and Slamwich -LRB- we play the simplified version of Slamwich -RRB- . If you are looking only to teach your kids how to roll dice and take turns -LRB- lots of turns -RRB- then this game fits the bill . If you are looking for anything that teaches a bit of strategy or has some fun to it , look elsewhere first !
 Game Wright puts out some great stuff -LRB- Forbidden Island and Hisss come to mine -RRB- . Feed the Kitty just does n't measure up . There are no choices to be made in this ` game ' . Game Play
 My son received the Tyranno Mobile Control Center for his birthday on Saturday , December 4 , 2004 . I have to say that it is the most poorly made toy I have ever seen . I have 3 children and 8 nieces and nephews and I have seen a lot of toys . Not only are the directions so small and hard to follow , My husband is an Engineering tech gave up and I tried to finish , It took about an hour to put it together . After it is all together every time your breath a piece falls off . If you walk next to it a piece falls off . When you have a conversation in the same room , depending on the length of the conversation , multiple pieces fall off . I would just assume throw it in the trash except it was a gift from my son 's grandmother and she is funny about people not liking her gifts and would notice it missing . So I am stuck with the stupid thing . To top it all off the missiles that shoot from the gun were not in the package.I would like to say that this toy does not deserve even 1 star but I received an error when leaving the star area blank !
 My son was so in love with this toy , but he would get so frustrated playing with it because it falls apart . I do not recommend this toy . It is a waste of money .
 If you buy this , save yourself some trouble and throw it away while it is still in the box . That way you do n't waste twenty minutes of your life setting something up that you will throw away in the next 24 hours.I was very disappointed with this purchase . It is obviously cheaply made . The worst part is if you try to pull the trailer with the truck , the trailer will fall off everytime . How stupid is that , a tractor-trailer that wo n't pull the trailer . Talk about a candidate for the island of misfit toys . The second time it was played with one of the pieces had already broken.I know that most toys for kids do not totally work like advertised , but most offer some fun and do n't break immediately . Trying to play with this junk is an exercise in frustration , even for a four year old . It is sad that a manufacturer would put out such junk just because it had Power Rangers on it , and still charge like it is a premium toy . I have seen better quality from the dollar store . This will be the last toy from Bandai that I ever buy because not only was I disappointed , but the four year old was disappointed too .
 My 5 year old son wanted this so bad , but when we got it for him , there were so many pieces to put together that did n't fit together well , he never played with it . It just sits on our floor in many pieces taking up toy space ! What a waste !
 I should have went by the reviews on this , but i did n't because my 2 boys -LRB- triplets -RRB- wanted this so bad I bought 2 of them . . They have n't even looked at them since X-mas ... The fell apart and everything that was written about them was % 100 TRUE ! next time i make sure my decsion is based on the reviews . . What a waste of Money ! they were $ 39.99 each at the time of my purchase . anyway i would not reccomend this toy at all .
 I had been wanting to get into RC planes for a long time and when I saw this RTF model I thought I had finally found a great plane for me . I had done extensive research and found that this plane would be a good plane for a beginner , according to the company and my local hobby shop . I do not think an expert could get this plane off the ground . Here are the problems I encountered :1 -RRB- Needs extensive and percision flap ajustments in order to fly straight2 -RRB- Battery is horrible , lasted a mere 1-3 mintues max on a full charge -LRB- When battery hit about 2 minutes , engine suddenly stopped and had to be restarted -RRB- 3 -RRB- Nose cone and cowl are made of plastic that shatters4 -RRB- Hand launches near impossible5 -RRB- Foam body is very easily ripped and crushed6 -RRB- Engine randomly spins when not in use7 -RRB- Farthest distance of flight in 5 tries was only a mere 10 feetThe little good :1 -RRB- Look of the plane is outstanding , that is when it comes right out of the box2 -RRB- Rated it 's educational value a 3 because I learned NEVER to buy a RTF and that looks are not all they seemThe bottom line is
 I have flowen model rockets for over 40 years now , and the parachutes that Estes is making currently are an embarassment to the company ! They are made of cheap plastic instead of nylon . The plastic often tears away from the cloth cords , and the cords tangle easily . Added to these problems , the chute often does not fully deploy if the plastic chute is not powdered to make it less `` sticky '' . And forget about launching in cold temperatures as the plastic has a `` memory '' and often fails to open in cold weather.Estes plastic parachutes , no matter what size , are a disaster to be avoided . Pay la little more money for a nylon parachute and it will last as long as the rocket.Jim Konedog Koenig
 The item 's photo is for the new Estes parachute designed to look like chutes from the 60 's . The chute was solid red , not the classic checkerboard design . Returned for refund .
 I sent this set back within seconds of inspection . The corners were already dented , the glue holding the thin felt in place on the sides and corners had already failed . I went to my nearby store and purchased a much higher quality set for the same money . this is not a good set for any serious backgammon player .
 Backgammon Attache 18 `` Backgammon set arrived today . First inspection disappointing . It is poorly constructed , as follows
 Pro : Nice size , a bit smaller than tournament size , slim attache.Nice colorsCon : Durability/quality is poor . Stiching on one point is defective , there is a large discoloration in the felt , and one of the dice is disintegrating .
 It is a decent little kit , but not worth the $ you pay for it . Little disappointed , could have used more in the kit .
 But if I could I would . My 3 year old son has every one of the bob the builder toys . The trucks and vehicle toys , for the most part , are great . Every single one of the playsets are junk and will fall apart the first time you play with them . They are of poor design and as you see in other posts they can be dangerous . DO NOT BUY ANY !!!
 My 2 and 1/2 year old loves Bob , so he played with this for a little while . Tired of it quickly , as the magnets are not strong enough to hold blocks together to have any real pretend play . Seriously , every time he tries to open the door for Bob , the whole house falls down . The blocks are so light weight that his wooden block set is more fun to build a house with . Buy the Bob the Builder lego set and stay away from this set !
 We have the Bob Toolbox playset , and it is junk , too . The only good thing about this set is that you get Bob and Wendy , and at least they do n't break . If your little one likes Thomas the Tank Engine , buy those playsets instead . They are so much better made that it is ridiculous . They cost a bit less , too . The take along Bob vehicles are nice , but the larger talking vehicles , junk as well ! My four year old loves his Bob the builder toys , but they are a huge pain because the design and quality are shoddy . You do need to know that before you buy . These are not toys you can set up and feel confident that they will get hours of trouble free play . The pieces fall off , some of the pieces do not fit properly . It is annoying , but kids love it .
 My 2 year old son received this toy as a gift . Although he somewhat enjoys playing with it , I was seriously disappointed with the functionality of the click bricks.First , the click bricks do n't ` stick ' together well . If you pick up two joined sections or try to reposition them they fall apart -- very frustrating for a 2 year old !! I think the magnets are way too weak . Some of the magnets do n't work at all!Second , you ca n't really build much of anything with the pieces in this set . They have some neat pictures of built projects on the box , but good luck recreating them!I would absolutely not recommend this toy . My son has MUCH more fun playing with his Mega Blocks and with his basic wooden alphabet blocks . Hope this review is helpful to you !
 In theory , magnetized blocks seem like a neat idea but in reality , these click bricks stink . They offer little flexibility in terms of the things you can build -LRB- in comparison to good old wooden blocks -RRB- . The only way your can create something that will pass as a building is by looking at the pictures in the brochure . At best the completed buildings are really dumb looking . My 3-1/2 year old tried to make them work but was quickly frustrated . Do n't waste your money .
 My 21/2 year old boy is obessed with Bob the Builder and construction . These blocks are junk . The magnets hardly hold the bricks together . Not enough pieces to make anything . Very poorly designed . Roof pieces will not stay attached . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My 21/2 year old son is a big Bob fan , and when I first heard about the ` click bricks ' idea , I thought it would be great for toddlers and preschoolers . Not so . Only certain areas of each brick are magnetic , and they do n't fit together in any intuitive way . It 's impossible to build the structures you see on the box using the magnetic points as anchors , so basically you 're just piling plastic bricks on top of each other that will fall over at the slightest touch . That makes it pretty frustrating for a toddler who wants to do something as simple as opening a door so Bob or Wendy can go into a building . This toy was a big disappointment . On the bright side , he can play with the Bob and Wendy figures in our Fisher Price house , and we 've been building Duplo houses for them . Unless you want to deal with a frustrated and disappointed toddler , I 'd recommend avoiding these sets !
 After the death of a toddler from swallowing the little magnets in Magnetics toys I was terrified to find my 2 year old with one of the magnets from this toy in his mouth ! I found two other magnets on the floor . I am still not sure how the magnets are coming out , but they are . I have contacted the manufacturer.PLEASE be very careful when using this toy !
 I thought that this set would be great for my two year old who loves blocks . WRONG ! I found him with two magnets in his mouth one day . The brown rectangle came apart and the two magnets as well as the two black caps that `` hold them in place '' came out . The trees also have magnets on the bottom that can fall out . I am very disappointed with this product . Did the manufacturer really test this ?!?!?! Not to mention that the blocks really do n't fit together to build much of anything . Bottom line ... DANGEROUS , DANGEROUS , DANGEROUS .
 I read the reviews and still bought this and the shed for my bob the builder fan . This stuff really is terrible . My son wanted over and over to build the house as shown on the box - it ca n't be done.You just ca n't build anything - not even the face of a house . Not even because the magnets do not hold but because there are n't the right shape bricks.He uses the bricks now as Skip 's load but surely there are cheaper things for Skip to cart around ! Also the Bob the Builder Shed is terrible - I super glued it together in the end as if you just touched it , it fell apart . The vehicles and die cast characters are A + + + but the other stuff is utter rubbish . Get Wendy and Bob on e-bay !
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas . I had bought some of the `` trucks '' and wanted him to have Bob and Wendy too . I found this set and thought it would be great . They ONLY good thing about this set is that he has Bob and Wendy.The clicking blocks sound like a great concept , but they do n't work . If you can get them to click you are lucky . You can not build anything with this set . The box shows a house , buildings , etc. , but you ca n't build these thing because the magnets are in the wrong places and the roofs make the whole thing top heavy!I would avoid this set unless you just really need Bob and Wendy -LRB- like us -RRB- .
 Issue 1 - The magnets are not secure . One piece -LRB- a yellow sign , came apart and the magnet fell out . Either of my children -LRB- age 29 months and 7.5 months -RRB- could have choked on the small magnet.Issue 2 - The idea of magnetic blocks sounded great . After attempting to play eith them , my 2 year was a little frustrated , as was I . We could n't build much . He has found it easiest to lay the pieces end to end and make lines , not buildings . It does n't leave much room for creative play .
 My Daughter pulled apart the `` tree trunk '' that came with this set and the tiny magnets inside fell out along with very small plastic parts . She is almost four but still put the `` candy '' in her mouth . We ended up spending half the day getting her checked out and now must watch her and her brother to make sure they did not swallow a magnet -LRB- one magnet is missing -RRB- . she is not generally rough on her toys and this came apart way too easily . So if you have children under @ 6 , beware . Only let them have this if you are right there with them at all times . If I had n't been right there my child could have died .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . It does not look like the photo . The product is uglier and thinner , and forget trying to comb or fluff the fur . It wo n't happen .
 My poor son was so eager to play with this toy after receiving it for his birthday . But he was quickly disappointed . The tank was too heavy when filled with water and the straps would not adjust enough to fit on him -LRB- we had to rig the straps -RRB- . The tube would come out of the tank when i tried to pump the tank . Which I had to pump repeatedly . Was not a toy that he could play with on his own , someone had to be present to constantly pump it . Was just as disappointed with another spiderman blaster . They need to change the age range on these toys to 18 and up !
 Do n't waste your time purchasing this toy . It does n't shoot far and is rather bothersome having to pump it all the time . The tube even comes of the water pack constantly . Very fustrating and disappointing .
 My son received this for his birthday and could n't wait to use it . It was hard to operate and stopped working after one hour . Do n't waste your money .
 Way too heavy to carry when full , Water does n't shoot very far and you have to pump it .
 I got this for my son ... bought it for $ 19.99 at the local toy store.Had I know what a pain it was , we would have never wasted the money !! I had to be the `` designated pumper '' because it was too hard for him to pump himself . We did not have a problem with the tube coming out , however , we have lost the rubber pc that goes on the tube , so now , the toy is worthless , and will not pump without the rubber piece.The water blaster is HEAVY , and straps are not stable . My son and his friends were to the point of NOT wanting to use it , b/c of the hassle it took to play with it . Even an adult would have to go thru as much trouble , so the age range is FAR off on this one !! Dont waste your money !!
 We bought this together with the Tonka Wheel Driver Scoot n ' Scoop 3-in-1 ride-on . With an attachment that comes with the crane , you can turn the ride-on into a tow truck . Good idea but it does n't work very well . My son can never keep things attached to the hook on the crane . And the crane is virtually useless by itself . Pictures always show the crane standing by itself but it wo n't stand alone . The child has to hold it up , while trying to operate the crane to pick things up . Its too much to do at one time . My children do play with it time to time , they pretend its a vacuum and push it around the floor .
 We received this toy as a gift for my 16 month child and found out early on that the magnet is NOT attracted to any metal of any type . So being the tinker that I am , I took the magnet section apart to find that THERE IS NO MAGNET IN THERE ! There was just 3 washers -LRB- like the metals discs with holes in the middle of them -RRB- and they were n't magnetized at all . I tried sticking one of my own magnets in there but I do not have a strong enough magnet . It just did n't work . Unfortunately since I have taken it apart already , I can not send it back , but maybe I can convince some of you to NOT BUY THIS TOY !
 We thought the Rumblin ' Rollin ' Crane would be a great addition to the Tonka Scoot 'N Scoop , but it has proven to be a big disappointment . Although it is hitched onto the Scoot 'N Scoop , my son continues to play with the truck and ignores the crane .
 I do n't remember ever seeing my nephews play with this toy.I 'm sure I did n't pay much for it but the excitement for this toy did n't last too long after the initial opening on Christmas eve .
 Fun if you have a young male child that isnt into the music ... it fart and burps and makes annoying noises during the music . not the toy for me but i think little boys would find it funny -LRB- but i do see it getting old quick -RRB-
 I bought this for my 13-year-old stepson thinking it would be a cool toy . It turned out to just be annoying and he got bored with it in a day . It was way too expensive for what it really is , an annoying noise machine .
 If you are looking for a ` toy ' that lights up and kinda plays music , then this is the product for you . Looking back at my purchase of IZ-it just seems like a waste of money .
 I bought this for my 6 year old daughter , and when she heard it burp and fart she could n't belive it . She said she wants to take it back because it 's so grose .
 I got this for Christmas , and I thought it would be great fun . I was SO disappointed when I plugged in my iPod and discovered that the music is quiet and sounds tinny and the words are COMPLETELY drowned out . Not everyone wants to listen to a crummy , psuedo-techno version of their favorite songs . Do not buy this !
 When I turned 12 , 5 years ago , I received the iZ on Christmas from my aunt and at first I thought this would be really cool . Oh how wrong I was . First and foremost it does not turn off , even at the age of 17 I still can not figure out how to turn this contraption off . It basically plays the same looped annoying beat for hours on end while adding even more mind-numbing effects into the mix . This leads me into my next point
 Yes , I fell for the marketing . I saw it spotlighted during the Christmas season and I thought why not . Well before you make the same mistake let me tell you how incredibly annoying this toy is . It is loud , frustrating and has no obvious on/off switch . Therefore my kids refuse to have it in their rooms because it will unexpectatedly go off in the middle of the night . It will play your ipod or simaler mp3 player but it adds so much noise that it really is n't worth it . It does not dance like it was advertised to do . In fact it will hardly stay in the position that it is pictured in . I will say that this was a complete waste of money and is about to be donated .
 My step-mom decided to waste money not once , but twice , getting one for my 6yo brother , and 5yo nephew ... both of them -LRB- the blue one -RRB- if you press it 's stomach right say , and I quote : `` It 's time to get f*cked up ! `` That is not appropriate for kids at all , and we will be seeking legal advice on this toy !
 I do n't get this toy , it seems to suck it . I also do n't understand the whole fart or burping that everyone else has experienced . I 've never heard it do that . My parents got this for my 3 year old . A little young if you ask me . I personally do n't get it . What 's the point ? I mean I can listen to the radio to hear music . I just do n't get it and the eyes moving do take away from the actual playing of music , they are loud . I think this toy is just a waste of money , but my parents can afford it so I 'll keep it until I get annoyed and throw it out .
 i am 9 years old.This Iz thing isent great . Once i tested it out and when u make a mix in DJ mode the IZ is -LRB- lol Iz and is -RRB- really making the music and u are just making a bubble sound.The only reson i really like it is becasue it makes songs from to ipod to hear out loud.I rather get a I-Dog if i were u.My mom said this thing would dance and i got very exieted.But it is the worst .
 Bought this toy for my 8 year old daughter and promptly returned it to the store . Even she was disturbed by this toy . The burping and snorting was obnoxious and completely distracted your ability to actually hear your ipod . Which is n't that the point ? I have n't read anywhere -LRB- on the box or on this website -RRB- about what specific noises this thing makes . Think twice before you buy this one ... I 'll wait for the Idog in pink thanks !
 I SHOWED MY KIDS HOW TO USE IT AND MY 5 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER , WITH ALL HER HONESTY SAID , `` I DO N'T LIKE THAT TOY YOU CAN TAKE IT BACK . '' FINE WITH ME BECAUSE IT SEEMED A BIT OVER PRICED .
 Well , I thought this toy was a cool concept so I bought 3 to give as Christmas gifts this year -LRB- for a 7 year old , 10 year old and 13 year old -RRB- . I played with it to make sure it was living up to the reviews and I 'm going to return them all . It 's cute but I just do n't think it 's worth the money . You can make it play funky sounds but I ca n't see it holding a kids attention for that long . I plugged it into my ipod and was expecting that to be the greatest part -LRB- I thought it was going to dance -RRB- but it basically functioned as speakers and it 's eyes bobbed up and down . Funny for a minute .
 I am the mom of a 4 and 7 year old and I wish I had played with this before christmas morning . All the the talk in my house about manors has gone out the window when all this toy does is fart and burp . My kids think it is histerical - I think I will find a way to exchange it for something else .
 I left my iZ on the table and my dog came buy and pushed it off my table and the iZ broke . a lot of money was wasted . Do not buy this toy
 I loved the old Jenga game and Uno and thought ... wow ... a game that has both ! After receiving it , the tiles were made out of cheap plastic and when the tower collapsed , it was extremely loud . I ended up donating it to Good Will .
 I thought this would be a good card game for our then 5 year-old . It held no interest whatsoever . It has just been sitting around so we finally gave it away as a donation .
 poor Adam Crall , reviewer . Cameroon is its own , French-speaking nation in Africa . It is NOT in South Africa , which is also an independent nation .
 Hey , this puzzle looks great ! It 'll be a fun thing for the kids to do and educational to boot!Yeah , famous last words.When we ordered our school books last year from SonLight , they threw in this 600 piece world map puzzle for free . Tonight , C got it out of the closet and we went to work . Now , in theory , a puzzle whose pieces are shaped like the actual country is a pretty cool puzzle . In theory . The downside is that pieces with irregular shapes do not interlock like a regular puzzle would . The water pieces interlock and the border pieces interlock , helping to make a frame to keep the country pieces together , but this works only if you actually do the water and border pieces first . I , of course , went straight for the countries.I learned several things tonight . First , do n't pay any attention to kids who complain that the puzzle is too hard while they do the VERY easy , interlocking border pieces . They obviously are n't struggling with the complexities of getting Georgia , Turkey , Kazakhtsan and Russia to stay together , much less India , Pakistan and Nepal . -LRB- And yes , I actually spelled Kazakhstan right the first time - thanks Sporcle ! -RRB- Second , keep the country pieces away from the seismic activity of a toddler 's feet . For whatever reason , J insisted on putting his pieces together near me . This would n't be so bad if he also did n't insist on turning around and around , swiping his feet across Southeast Asia and the Middle East with every turn . My poor tectonic plates could n't handle much more abuse.Third , when you have a 600 piece puzzle with pieces shaped like countries , many of these pieces will be tiny . Very tiny . Liechtenstein tiny . Combine that with numbers one and two above and things get a little more nerve racking . -LRB- It is a small comfort that some countries are lumped together one piece since the country is too small to merit its own piece . -RRB- Fourth , if you have a 600 piece puzzle with incredibly tiny pieces that when finished -LRB- ha ! -RRB- is supposed to be 3 feet by 1 ft , almost everything on these pieces will be printed very small . The box picture was certainly no help . Why ? If the printing on a puzzle that will be 3 feet by 1 ft is small , imagine how small the printing is on a box that is 12 by 8 inches . I was desperately wanting some kind of magnifying glass to read these labels . Right about then a one world government was sounding like a good idea . It sure would make crazy puzzles like this simpler . It 's a good thing this puzzle was free too . Now we can put that money towards eye exams.Educational indeed !
 Brand new out of the box my wife and I completed this puzzle , almost . All except Quebec , New Brunswick , Prince Edward Island , and Newfoundland . One random piece I would have blamed myself . But four ? And all connected to each other ? Not a coincidence . Someone at the factory really does n't like Canada.Otherwise , a fun puzzle but not really for kids . Hope you have a stable table because the countries do n't interlock so everytime you bump the table , even just a little , it 's an earthquake.Took me over half the puzzle to figure out the facts and info written on the oceans were alphabetized . It was easy after that.It was n't a total waste . It killed a rainy afternoon for my wife and I . So if you like geography and do n't mind incomplete puzzles , this is the puzzle for you .
 Do n't be fooled by the perfect cut of the countries on the box cover . I bought this for my -LSB- ... -RSB- thinking the pieces were actually in the shape of the countries and it would be a good learning tool . Not quite . Some were . Most were not . Some countries were so small they were difficult to read . This will be in our next garage sale.Springbok puzzles are still the best .
 I should say from the beginning that I was not familiar with Neopets when I bought this , but I find this toy to be rather disappointing , and somewhat frustrating.First of all , your interaction with your Neopet is very limited . There are very few items available at any one time and very few games to play . It is also difficult to collect Neopoints -LRB- NP -RRB- , because the games only reward you with points for about three plays per day . Thus , you can rarely get enough points to buy anything unless you spend hours playing the -LRB- rather pointless -RRB- slots game . And , after three or four days playing , the games never progress any further than level one . I can not see that I could `` do better '' at any of the games than I already am , so the games quickly become frustrating and tedious . Also , the store `` sells out '' of everything and then you have to wait until the next day -LRB- which would be an eternity for any kid playing this stupid thing -RRB- for them to restock.The best part of the toy is the little 3D play area for the included figure . However , the figure has a little peg on its behind so you can stick it in the areas of the toy , but it makes it unable to stand up on its own outside of the toy -LRB- a poor design idea , in my opinion -RRB- . If you are a big Neopets fan , maybe you want to have one of these anyway , but do n't expect it to take the place of the online Neopets . I also think most children would find this toy frustrating and quickly become bored with it . It looks cool and colorful , but has very limited entertainment value . My advice is spend your money on something else .
 This looked so cool , I thought my kids would love it . But the gum base is impossible to stir - you need to nuke it for way longer than it says to and then it hardens up and is impossible to work with . It becomes hard and brittle rather than smooth and workable . Save your money and do n't bother with this ! My kids were totally disappointed !
 This is one of the worst kids products I 've ever had the misfortune of dealing with . I ca n't understand how it has any decent reviews at all . The gum base has to be nuked every 30 seconds because it hardens within 10 seconds of removing it from the micro . Be prepared to throw every thing away that you use in conjunction with it -LRB- cups spoons sticks -RRB- THe gum tastes disgusting and chemically ... my kids are so disappointed and messy and stained with food coloring and we are throwing away the rest of the kit and the gum we made . Please - save your sanity and do n't buy this one .
 All I need to say about this item is buy gum at the store . way to much work and kneading of gum that tastes like you are chewing on plastic and rubber . Much cheaper too !!!!
 I made this gum with my 8 and 4 year old daughters . I ended up making 99.9 % of the recipe myself . The gum is impossible to stir and never had a smooth consistancy . The food coloring -LRB- red and blue -RRB- stain everything and is impossible to get off of your hands ... you HAVE to use you hands to knead the gum . The worst part is that even after all of that , the gum tasted terrible ! I highly doubt that the manufacturer truely tested this process with parents and children . Frustrating and a waste of time .
 it is a good product , but it looks like very cheap transparent plastic , i just got one to try them befor getting the whole set of sizes , but kept only the one .
 We bought Megaland for our son 's second birthday . We thought this would be a great gift because he liked crawling around in pup tents at daycare and certainly likes playing in ball pits . Surprisingly , he has n't been all that interested in crawling through it . He will a little , but he has never initiated playing with it on his own . If another child is around and their interested in playing , then he 's willing to crawl through the Megaland with them.As for sturdiness , the whole Megaland system is flimsy . We 've used it very lightly , and the sections do n't stay connected very well . The balls easily come out of the big part of the tent and we spend alot of time chasing them and putting them back in . We did buy an extra bag of balls as suggested by other reviewers , and that was a wise choice.Overall , I 'm disappointed that my son is not more enthusiastic about playing with this item . I 'm hoping his interest in it will change as he gets a bit older . Not a total bust , but not the greatest either .
 We live in AK and so we thought we needed to find something to keep our toddler active while being cooped up during the winter . Our son loves it ... WE HATE IT ! It takes up almost the whole living room ... that 's not the bad part ! There is only a bottom in the Large section . The two medium section are open on the bottom so there are always balls everywhere ! We bought extra balls -LRB- which you need -RRB- but our house turns into a ball pit ! But we make it a game with our toddler to pick up the balls ... but WARNING you will be finding balls for days !
 1 . Its seems like the company wants to get your money by getting you to buy more balls . I say this because it comes with only a handful , which kills the nostalgia of a ` ball pit ' . It costs about $ 25 for 100 extra balls ... so add that to the cost if you expect an actual ballpit . -LRB- note
 I bought this toy for my 1 year old . When I first got the package , I noticed that the plastic covering was torn . This should have been my first clue . The product was NOT what the picture is . Infact , it 's a cheaper one that costs 10 $ less . I got the Mega 2 play land . I found it at Toys R US for 47 $ . The balls that were supposed to come with the play set were opened and had hair on them . The set is flimsy , attaches cheaply , and falls over very easily . Without the addition of the balls , I set it up and my 1 year old loved it . I determined that I was going to get a different brand all together because I was unhappy with the order . The balls , besides used already , were very cheap and squished easily . Overall this product sucks . I 'm sending it back tomorrow -LRB- i got it today -RRB- . I will be ordering a different brand all together from Toys R Us . The tunnels do n't even connect right ... there are big holes where they attach . disappointed ...
 I really wanted to love this product . My twins have a lot of fun for a couple of weeks , it is now broken at the seems and I do n't know if we can fix it or if there is a guarantee .
 This is not my favorite toy ! The most annoying part is the fact that it is large and hard to put away . The directions for how to fold it back up are not well written and I guarantee no one is smiling like the lady in the picture when try to put this thing back in it 's storage bag ! And after a few times of storing it , now it wo n't pop back up correctly and ca n't stand on it 's own . The next thing is that the balls get EVERYWHERE . I find them for days after we use this toy . The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that my two year really does like playing in it despite the fact it is so warped the tunnels do n't even attach anymore .
 FLIMSY FLIMSY FLIMSY !!!! This item is very cheaply made and the velcro holding the tunnels and tents together comes apart very easily . The tents fall over with only a two year old crawling into it ! This was supposed to be a fun toy to play with during the cold winter afternoons , but it will be going back today . I am very disappointed and would recommend that you do n't waste your money on this item .
 I got this toy a few weeks ago ... I had read all the customer reviews and was totally looking forward to this for my son who is almost 3 . First , the small tents on the side , never set up ... They just would not untwist , and when they were sort of in position , just touching them made them collapse . The larger tent was really fun for about half an hour . But after this short amount of time you could see that this toy was not going to last . Seams started ripping and the basketball hoop almost came off completly . Then it cost me $ 36.00 to return a $ 64.00 product -LRB- shipping from Canada is not free -RRB- . I was very disappointed .
 This is the worst toy in the world . Our daughters got it on Christmas and it is the 31st of December and it 's laying dead and deflated in our living room . All they need to do is press on the walls and the whole thing flips over . The tunnels become disconnected constantly . We invested in the 100 balls which are now all over the house b/c with the exception of the main hut , the two connecting rooms have no floor to contain the balls . Total disappointment .
 I had purchased a jump-o-lene ball pit for my 18 month old son . Within a few months it got a leak in it , but I had spent over $ 100 on ball pit balls so I desperately wanted something to put them in . I read the reviews on this product and decided to go with it . We have a fairly large play area so I was n't concerned about the size.I have to say that I am very disappointed.PROS : This item was very easy to `` pop up '' and take down.CONS : Quality
 Bottom line is that this toy is overpriced , flimsy , and potentially very dangerous . I wish I would have paid attention to the negative reviews of the folks that had this for a few months before having problems . Three months in and it is warped and the sharp metal edges poked through . Thankfully it stabbed my wife instead of my kids .
 I bought the Mega Playland for my seventeen-month old son this past Christmas . I bought it on sale for $ 40 after reading mixed reviews . Sure enough - upon opening I found that every piece had a couple of four-five inch spans of seam that were n't sewn . After spending an hour with my needle and thread -LRB- on Christmas morning -RRB- it was ready to go . My son likes it . Our 100 pound dog likes it too , and it seems to be holding up fine so far .
 Based on the reviews I had read , I had high expectations for this toy and thought it would be perfect for my daughter 's 3-year birthday . She loves to play hide and seek , build houses and crawl through tunnels . However , it turns out the play tent is a piece of junk . Even the lightest breeze will tip it over . Needless to say it ca n't handle a child crawling through it without getting all messed up . To say it 's flimsy is an understatement.At her birthday party , not one of the 10 kids paid any attention to it -LRB- says it all , does n't it ? -RRB- until the very end when my daughter and another girl entered - and the tent tipped over immediately.I 'm kicking myself for discarding the box because otherwise I would have returned it as fast as I possibly could . A huge waste of money !
 I was excited when I came up with the idea to get my son a ball pit type toy for his birthday . I knew what I had in mind and this seemed to be a good fit and after a few seconds of looking at it once my husband set it all up I began to think differently . I do n't even know where to begin ! For one thing the frame is very flimsy . I have purchased other `` pop open '' items before that have had fairly thick frames . This one collapses and easily falls over as my son crawls through the little door openings . I am constantly adjusting it so that it does n't cave in on him while he 's inside . As advertised you can use the pieces separately or set it up in many different arrangement options , but the sturdiest way I have found is only setting up as the picture shows . The other thing I was highly disappointed with is that the largest piece is the only one with a bottom or floor to it . When I set up just one of the end pieces to utilize space in our small living room it winds up being a disaster . I will get most or all of the balls inside , then my son crawls through the opening , the whole thing falls over and all of the balls get scattered across the floor . I think I will be returning it soon : -LRB-
 A little scary . I 'm sure it 's a fluke , but the one I bought the inside of one tent had an inseam not sewn around the metal frame of tent , therefore a portion of metal frame was available to toddler . Possibility of breaking and small metal pieces was all I could invision.Therefore I sent product back . The other 2 tents were in perfect condition , as was the 3 tunnels , so as I said , I 'm sure it 's a fluke , but did n't want to take a chance for my 2yr old .
 When purchasing this from Amazon Prime -LRB- not a third-party seller -RRB- , the item that you will receive is not the Mega Playland , but rather the Megaland model . It has three compartments and two tunnels but is a a much different configuration . It can only be configured in an `` L '' , not a straight line like the pictured Mega Playland model .
 This product was made a lot cheaper than a similar tunnel we bought years ago - the material is thinner and the construction & seams a lot less sturdy . I do n't expect it to last long . The basketball goal ripped off the first day . It 's just a matter of time for the rest of it !
 I think it is a hit or miss on this product . I have a friend that has a Playhut and it is fine . We just opened ours and at least 6 seams are coming undone -LRB- not sewn correctly -RRB- , there are a couple holes in the material , 2 forgotten attachment loops , and it is rather flimsy . Kids still like it , though it is n't going to last too long .
 I purchased this for my 15-month-old on the recommendation of another parent . My daughter has shown very little interest in it , even 4 months later.I think this might be more fun with two or more children playing in it.What I really did n't like was that it is n't very durable . In setting it up , the tunnels attach with velcro straps ... make that , two loops per tunnel , one at the top and one at the bottom . For really rowdy children , this would easily come apart . Not only that , I had two of these loops come apart while setting it up the first time.The few times my daughter has played with it , she has n't been rough with it . As I was taking it apart , I noticed wires sticking out of the seams ! Not just in one or two spots , but in several . So , it 's not even fit to re-sell or donate.While I think each child is different and will find different toys amusing , I think this one was poorly constructed . The idea is really neat , and it 's nice that it folds down so small . But overall , it 's been a disappointment for us .
 What a bunch of junk ! Upon opening the Megaland , I noticed it was ripped at the seam in one area . This was a pretty large rip I might add . After inspecting it more I noticed about a dozen more places where it was ripped . I noticed another parent said the same thing . Now I know why it 's half off ! Do n't waste your money .
 Let me count the ways that this is a horrible toy : If you put an egg in the carton wrong end down it can get VERY stuck and what kid knows to put the skinny end down?The case is flimsy plastic.The carton says 18 months + but it is a choking hazard for kids under 3 ... hmmm.The `` quote '' on the side is supposedly by a 2 year old - `` With the Egg-Shape Sorter learning my shapes was over easy ! '' - what 2 year old says that !!
 The concept is good but the eggs fit together too tightly for a small child -LRB- or even an adult -RRB- to be able to open them .
 I wanted some toy eggs for my daughter since we keep hens -LRB- for the eggs -RRB- and these looked cute . When they arrived though , there was mysterious dust -LRB- not just dust from shipping , it was silvery and smelled odd -RRB- in and on the carton and it had little plastic shavings coming off all over it that there was no way I would give it to my daughter to put in her mouth . These toy eggs are the epitome of cheaply made plastic goods so I returned this item and paid the few dollars more for the Tomy Hide n ' Squeak Eggs , which are MUCH better .
 You get what you pay for . The plastic is cheaply made and the eggs practically need a crowbar for pulling apart . Do n't waste your $ even if it is inexpensive!My 12 month old lost interest in a minute .
 Worked great for only a short time . Remote stopped working - called -LRB- not even an 800 number -RRB- and e-mailed Mega-tech - NO RESPONSE Wasted our money on this garbage !
 At first this item seemed like a bargain , but after following the directions of drying out after the first use , it never worked again . This product literally worked great for about 15 minutes . After that , I found out it was a little water logged so I sat it down to dry . It has not worked since . If you are thinking about buying this product because it is a good price then forget about it . It is a waste of time and money .
 I have a lot of experience with all types of r/c models and this was a massive disappointment!The boat arrived dead . I charged up the battery , installed everything per the instructions ... and nothing functioned ; no motor , no rudder -LRB- it did float so I guess I should be thankful for that much -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- I did get the boat to run by replacing the radio with one of my own -LSB- ... -RSB- . Here are my notes on how the boat finally ran .1 . Battery life , advertised at 15 minutes , is optimistically more like 8 -LRB- I got only two lengths of a backyard swimming pool before the boat started slowing down quite noticeably -RRB- .2 . There 's no reverse -LRB- this boat has a forward only speed controller that needs to be initialized every time you plug in the battery -RRB- .3 . I had serious bouncing issues , where the boat would porpoise , not settling into a plane . Again I followed the instructions , trying various locations for the battery , to no avail.The bottom line ... this thing would n't ahve been worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid for it ... if it had actually worked out of the box . Save your $ $ and buy something else preferably -LRB- for your sanity -RRB- from another manufacturer .
 The handheld version with 4 answer buttons does not compare to it 's big brothers . The deluxe versions have more answer buttons to help tailor the answers better than the handheld one , so it seems to be a bit smarter . I would go with the deluxe versions instead of the handheld ...
 Instead of being a better product , this one is made cheaper and seems flimsy and does n't respond like the `` older '' versions . Are n't things supposed to get better ? This one is made in China -- where all the leaded paint and computer things are being messed with/sabatoged ? Wish I 'd gone into a store and looked at it , held it -LRB- this one is lighter & not good quality -RRB- and the color is dark -LRB- not the bright red or blue I 've always used/seen -RRB- and hard to read the text , too.Would have sent it back , but for the shipping costs -LRB- which ran up the price -RRB- .
 The computer is smart , I admit . But there are a few tricks against it . The first day of use you may be flattered , but how long are people really going to use this .
 When i got this for Christmas i was excited i started playing and i chose a mongoose it got 20 questions an did n't get it so it took 5 more guesses . the game is n't 25 questions its 20 ans its range of guesses are n't vast and if you won it would say you got lucky but if it wins it laughs in your face after 25 questions .
 This game , although somewhat fun , is very limited in its capacity . The only way that the game is able to guess the item about which you are thinking , is if you choose something -LRB- an object , etc. -RRB- that is very simple , and that you can describe with great accuracy . Otherwise , the game guesses your thoughts incorrectly most of the time . It is not very sophisticated , and is truly not worth the money . In other words , do not buy this product .
 I was thrilled when I heard about this toy , because I love the website 20q . net , which is truly genius . Unfortunately this toy is not as smart as the website , perhaps due to memory constraints . The first two things I tried with it were `` a cardboard box '' and `` an alien '' and it did n't get either one . This is troublesome because the surprise and wonder of using the website comes from its ability to guess even the most obscure and outlandish things -LRB- a stork , a game boy -RRB- . This toy can not guess those things , so you must ask guests to choose more obvious things , taking the fun out of it . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This bed is very cute ! But the sides do not come up high enough , to at act as side rails . But high enough to cause injury when rolling around in the bed , as my toddlers do . But , your toddler will love it ... and you 'll need to buy a new bed soon .
 I bought these beds for my twin 2 year olds . They look great and yes they are durable but they are dangerous . The wood frame is not rounded off and if they fall on to them they will hurt themselves . My kids like most roll around all the time as well and I constantly hear their heads and body banging into the wood . I do n't understand why someone would make a product geared towards little children but not make them safe . The frame absolutely should be rounded off not sharp as it is . I am moving on and buying plastic car beds for them so that way they do fall or hit themeselves on it the outcome wo n't be so severe . I wish I would have known this when I purchased them . I thought you should know before buying .
 Very cool looking bed , son saw it and was ecstatic . Instructions included were nearly worthless , multiple screws literally broke when screwing the bed ; once FINALLY together , attempted to move it and the screwed in back fell off . The wood quality is similar to cardboard , not even as good of quality as cheap plywood . I will be returning this bed as soon as I can get it taken apart and back in the box .
 My 3-year-old son loves his bed . It is sturdy and attractive . However , as other reviewers have noted , the sides and foot of the bed have edges that vary from sharp to very sharp . My son has injured himself twice , once getting a rather large cut and goose egg on his forehead , and once getting a fat bloody lip . It would be just as easy to round the edges or apply a soft molding . I ca n't understand why this was n't done . Until the design is changed , I would not recommend this bed for this reason .
 I bought this bed an year ago but after the second night he slept on it I decided it was not safe for him.The bed is way too small for a toddler specially if he moves a lot during sleep.The sides of the bed are very hard and he can hurt his arms on even his head if he bangs on either side of the bed.I am wondering if this bed even follow Association 's standards for safety.My advise
 dont be fooled , it is barely an inch big , the picture will decieve you !!! A complete waste of 12 buckks !
 I am a stay at home mother and I was really excited to see this product when it came out . I thought that this would have something for both my boys . To my surprise neither one of them was to thrilled with this climber/swing set . The swings are used rarely and I 've hardly seen them use the climber . The whole thing is very sun faded after only a year and the platforms for the slides are kinda flimsy . Honestly I expected more from Little Tikes . We have some great toys from that company but this one did n't work out for our family .
 Trying to teach my students about space travel , and the purposes of wearing a space suit ... this was much too small to use in a classroom . The details are nice but no one can see it . Overpriced and not worth it .
 this toy is fun if your going to use it for making music and sound effects and stuff like that . I WOULD NOT GIVE THIS TOY TO ANY1 OVER 10 . i got it for its iPod speaker capability and it was horrible !!!!!!! iz 's eyEs move and make an annoying noise , and its `` funny '' comments occur sooooo often during the song that it is impossible to tell what you 're listening to . IZ 's basically one of those toy babys in a cool covering . it farts , it burps , it annoys the heck out of you .
 It is an intersting concept , however , when you play your iPod through the toy , when you play relatively quiet music , it will burp and fart , implying it is `` bored '' . This is a drawback for parents needing to teach their children polite behavior.I found it obnoxious .
 igot iz and i liked it for a few days . i thought it was cool . then it got boring and i never played with it again . now i am going to get my money back and buy soemthing else
 THIS TOY IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY . IT DOES N'T DANCE AND YOU CANT UINDERSRTAND WHAT IT IS SAYING . DONT WASTE YOUIR MONEY !
 every since i have seen on on tv i been scared.it 's sounds wierd too.i do n't like the music maker.get an idog
 My child has a very hard time sliding the pieces around , and gets very frustrated and just goes straight to another puzzle . My husband and I are able to get the pieces to move , but I ca n't imagine any child would be able to .
 This is probably a great toy but i got it for my two year old and it was rather confusing and he was never interested in it . Also , it is a little confusing to me . Does that sound dense ? I would say this puzzle is for a five year old and up . it might be fun to drive around the cars but they are always turning upside down , etc. which ads to the confusing nature of it .
 Keep your money and save you and your family some heartache and anger . This television is so `` cute '' and `` attractive '' to kids , but as soon as the warranty wears out , you will have a pile of junk . Just after 4 months or so , the remote started `` resetting '' factory internal settings numbers on `` sound '' and `` picture '' and `` external dvd setups '' . Huge charts of numbers eventually appeared on the screen by just pressing `` play '' or some other command on the remote , and any other button pressed on the remote would change the `` internal '' numbers and the television ceased functioning properly ! Do n't waste you time and money on this product !
 My daughter received this TV for Christmas last year . It was very easy to setup and the strwaberry shortcake screen saver on the TV was cute . The TV and DVD players started having problems 6 months after setting it up . The manufacturers warranty only covers 90 days after purchase . I find that awful since both products started having problems shortly after the warranty expired . Even though it is a `` fun '' I would recommend not wasting your money on this TV and/or DVD player .
 It is horrible because the Batman logo is off-center and the eqwipment does not help Batman in battle . The eqwipment can easily detach .
 I ordered this for my son 's birthday , paid the 2 day delivery so it 'd arrive in time . After seeing it in its package , I would never have bought this particular one at a store . I ordered it as new but it looks like someone has played with it and put it back in the package . The tip of the rocket is bent , the paint is scratched and smudged and has finger-like prints on it , it 's just very poor quality . I expected a little better than what we got , realizing this was a $ 12 toy , but it should have been in better shape . I 'm asking for a full refund , including shipping , as I think it 's only fair since I still have to locate this rocket somewhere else and now only have 2 days to get it .
 I thought my 2-year-old daughter would love this toy when she got it for her birthday , since she loves anything that she can play with in the water . However , there really is n't much you can do with this ; there are no moving parts , and only one way for the pieces to fit together . Another point against it is that you ca n't see the diver 's face very well . This made her lose interest quickly . On top of everything , it leaks ! My little girl still insists on having it in the bathtub with her -LRB- she has to have ALL her bath toys with her every time -RRB- , so it slowly sinks to the bottom of the tub during every bath , and after every bath I empty the water out of the submarine . I have n't thrown it away because it was a gift , but I 'm losing patience with this toy .
 Super tough looking batman figure . Best purpose -- for the collector who leaves it in the box . My son loves to play batman . Unfortunately , the first one only lasted about two days and the figure broke at the knees . So of course , we had to buy a replacement . The second one lasted less than an hour and it broke at the same place as the first one , right at the knees , where the shields are . Highly recommend for adult collectors only , unless you want to repeatidly keep buying replacements for crying children .
 This item is really cute . The concept is great . The kids were really excited to play with it , but within the first 3 minutes of play , it was broken and went in the trash . What a waste of money !
 This is a cute toy you can use indoors . However , the first one we got broke -LRB- the fan died -RRB- within the first 30 mins we had it . We returned it and got a second one . That one was missing a screw on the battery case so I had to find one that would fit on it . It 's poor quality but fun .
 It 's fun -- great to play with on hardwood or tile floor . I do n't think it works on low pile carpet as it claims , but it provides good indoor fun and exercise with minimal danger to people , walls and furniture . UPDATE -- I liked it so much that I bought one for my nieces and nephews , but theirs never worked . I do n't think they ever bothered to attempt to return it .
 I bought this for my 14 month old son who loves to pretend he is driving . This toy seems way too babyish for him . The suction cup on the bottom loses grip 5 seconds after being secured . It has made it to the bottom of the toy box already . Get something else !
 This toy is very cute but it stopped working after one week . The handle was also very hard to turn to get the music to play . This was a real waste of money .
 We have owned this Jack in the box for about a month and a half . The music has already stopped working and we did n't even play with it on a daily basis , much less on a weekly basis . I would n't recommend this toy .
 Toy mechanism broke after 1 use - could not get jack to pop out of the box anymore . Could have been a nice toy if it did n't break so easily .
 I am very disappointed in this toy because it broke after 5 times of trying it . I think that my money should be refunded because it was useless and I had to go out and buy another toy to make up with this one . I did n't have the heart to take it back from the child but I was sorely disappointed as was her parent in me that I would give her a toy that was so poor .
 My mom bought this toy foor my son for Christmas last year -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . My son is just about 21/2 now . I wanted a jack in the box so that my son could work on his motor skills and oppositional skills . He loves being surprised too . For the 11 months that we have owned this toy my son still ca n't crank the handel . I myself find it kind of awkward to do so . The toy is cute and has n't broken -LRB- yet -RRB- . The star on the front turns and clicks . My 4 month old loves when I turn it . The button for the squeaker on the back is kind of hard to push -LRB- for me -RRB- . My two year old has n't tried playing with the button because it 's so hard to push -LRB- he has other toys that squeak when you push them and he can do it just well -RRB- . So , in conclusion , because the toy is so awkward and hard -LRB- for a child -RRB- to manipulate our toy has been not much more than space taking up my kids ' toy box .
 Altho I love the looks of this toy -LRB- bright colors -RRB- it is n't very engaging . For one , it takes too long to wind the toy to where the clown pops up . I think it 's a cute addition to my grandson 's toy box , but as far as entertaining him ... it does n't .
 `` Jack '' does n't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it . Do n't waste your money .
 Got this toy a few months early as a christmas present , but by the time the present was given and taken out of the package , found out it didnt actually work , and by then it was too late to return it . Would have been cute if it had actually worked .
 Even though This Old Man is a weird song for a jack-in-the-box , it is a great toy . For younger children -LRB- 6mos-11mos -RRB- this toy is n't as intense as the metal jack-in-the-boxes . It is also a great teaching tool as they learn to push down his hat . Has provided great smiles since Christmas .
 i purchased this when my child was a few months old . she loved it because of the sounds of the animals . as she got older she enjoyed putting the pieces in their places . i have returned it twice because it does n't work . each time i change the batteries but it still does n't work . i will return the second and call it quits . the concept is great and when it works it 's good but now my child is 18 months and it frustrates her .
 I 'm giving this two stars because the problem may be a one-off . My son received this as a Christmas gift yesterday . I unpackaged it this morning and wound it up and it worked great . My kid loved it , the melody was nice and all was grand . Until I tried to wind it up again . I heard a loud snapping sound and the winding wheel started spinning free . I opened up the case to see if the problem is repairable , but it 's not . The gear that attaches the winding wheel to the music box is made from a cheap , flimsy plastic , and all the teeth had snapped off . I have an email in to the toy company to see if they can help me get a replacement part , and if they do I will update my rating to make it more favorable .
 bought in advance for grandson 's first christmas . did a fair amount of research to find what I thought would be a great spinning top - a motion he really enjoys . A complete waste - toy does not move , so no sense of spinning and interior moves at high speed that a baby could not even recognize what is moving . Unfortunately , just passed date to return . Do n't waste your money .
 With some effort , these blocks do the job of producing animal sounds , but they look awkward , and there is little fun in playing with them.The animals are drawn poorly , in a sketchy style , and with strange proportions
 I bought this rocket hoping to have a neat little toy to sit on my desk at work , but what arrived was not what I expected . The rocket is made of hard rubber and the one I got had apparently been sitting in the packaging so long that the escape tower and all 4 fins are permanently bent and will not straighten out.After months of sitting out on my desk at home it 's still not straight . I 've even tried heating it up with a hair dryer , but that only helped slightly.I have to agree with the other 1 star review , this is n't worth 99 cents .
 Mini Saturn V RocketThe product picture is much better than the reality . This is a flexible rubber toy worthy to be included in the 25 cent clearance barrel at any 99Cent store . If you are happy paying $ 2.49 for a toy covered with sticky glue from pealed off price tags , go for it . Just be aware that the shipping on this itty-bitty rocket is going to be $ 6.55 for a grand total of $ 9.04 . I foolishly bought this mixed into a much larger order and did n't notice the shipping cost . Buyer beware .
 Today I ordered jumping beans from this person I came back from a event and they were dead I am not in presed with this product and I do n't think you will eather !!!! I am not very happy I spent 4 $ on this !!
 the toy is ir awhile and then it gets really boring!your dog can eat them to ! I dont think that thats healty for the dog !
 What a waste ! Ca n't even see the correct answers when you push the buttons ... My kids have n't touched ! Go for the twist and shout instead ... They loved that one !
 It is poorly designed . The answer is not clear to see when the button is pushed . Even you can read the answer , it can be easily hidden by the finger . The question -LRB- A x B -RRB- are painted on top of the button , and it can be easily worn out . I ca n't believe a product of such a poor design can be put for sale . It is already 2011 ! I have to return it .
 Bought this for my 6yr old for Christmas but never actually gave it to her cause its really hard to see the answer numbers when you push down on one of the buttons . It would be nice if it lit up or something to make it easier to see . I returned this item and I will be buying the Leap Frog twist and shout multiplication instead .
 We have an addition version of this game that we like much better.Pros
 I bought this thinking it would be great way to teach kids their multiplication but it is n't the case . When you press down on the buttons you can hardly see the answers . I remember them being a lot brighter . Very disappointed .
 This thing is inexpensive and I am designing a do-this-in-the-car game by multiplying numbers that we see on the street . Anything to give the confidence to excel . -LRB- multiplying -- it 's not just for third graders anymore -RRB- However , it is difficult to see the answers .
 I was very disappointed in this toy . I had something like this as a child , but I found that the answers were unreadable on this product . The answers were off center so the numbers appeared behind the equation . Also , they were difficult to read because the plastic was almost TOO opaque . Really , I wish I could get my money back for this , but the return process is a pain when I 'm so busy already.I gave this product two stars because although the execution was terrible , the over all durability of the product was good .
 Very poor design . . The results are difficult to read as the box is semi transparent . The worst thing is the results are superimposed on the print . I forgot to read the comment before buying this . So had to return this back to Amazon for a refund .
 I ordered this with the intention of donating it to a Christmas toy drive thinking that a little boy or girl in the local Children 's Hospital would have a lot of imaginative fun playing with a model space shuttle . When I opened the box , the space shuttle 's packaging was partially opened and the space shuttle was full of dust and scuff marks . The paint job is awful , disjointed and scratched . As the package was already opened , I took the toy out to further examine it , and now my hands reak of the cheap rubber smell.This toy is garbage down to the MADE IN CHINA stamp on its underside . The only thing remotely good about it is that the patch is kind of neat but that is not nearly enough to make this worth purchasing.I would not recommend buying this product . I would be embarrassed to give this to any child , much less use it for the purpose that it was originally intended.I wish I could give it zero stars .
 While the finished product -- a working phone with see-through cover and flashing lights -- is great , this toy is definitely not easy to assemble . It took a bright 9-year-old , her 40-year-old aunt , and the child 's grandfather -LRB- well-versed in electronics -RRB- two hours or more to finally get all the pieces in place ! The parts seem to be well made and the phone really * does * work , but the directions are very difficult to understand and there was no explanation whatsoever of how a phone works . In short , what was supposed to be a fun `` learning experience '' turned out to be an exercise in frustration . This kit is probably best suited for teenagers or adults who already have some background in electronics .
 I got this gift for my daughter.SHe had been talking about wanting to start knitting for weeks.This would be the perfect gift.On Christmas morning she opened the presents and found it.We started on it right away.We spent 2 hours unraviling the skein just to find out it was broken in the middle.The skein is now useless.We never got to make this product and I am returning it.My daughter only wanted something to knit and now shes devastated.Thank youfor ruining my Christmas.I never got to make the scarf and never will . If i were you I would not buy this product it may come broken and then you will have the same problem I do
 My son -LRB- almost 8 -RRB- and my husband -LRB- an engineer -RRB- sat down to put this together . Many of the holes were either drilled too small or , even worse , drilled in the WRONG PLACE . Some pieces are cut the wrong size and just do n't fit !! What a terrible WASTE OF MONEY . There is no way to make it work without major drilling and sanding and then re-painting . My son is so disappointed -- he was really looking forward to putting this together .
 I 'm normally a big fan of Melissa and Doug products , but I ca n't believe I spent a single dollar on this toy . This is an assemble-it-yourself item , which is fine except ... many of the holes did NOT match up -LRB- some were up to a HALF INCH off and looked as if a 3-year-old had drilled them -RRB- . When I say drill , I mean that loosely , because some of the holes were n't even drilled all the way through . The showpiece of this toy is the fire truck ladder , but the ladder did NOT fit into the ladder holder ... because the holes for the holder were drilled on the WRONG side of the truck ! The only way to fix all the hole problems would be to take a power drill to it , but the wood is extremely soft , so you may end up shattering it . This is the worst quality control I 've seen in a looooong time .
 While the wood products we have purchased by the same company , mostly puzzles , are wonderful , this item is not . It was difficult to assemble , it does n't stay together while playing with it , and my 3-year old son only became impatient with it , rather than enjoy playing with it . We opted later for a plastic firetruck , that a year later , he still plays with .
 You can read other reviews about this toy and get an idea . The holes do n't match . The wood is too soft . The ladder comes off easily , so the kid ca n't tip it over . Impossible to assembled so I left one wheel out due to screw holes not matching . The paint is very soft and it will become dust when putting the toy together . Given that the toy is MADE IN CHINA I was concern about the paint coming off as dust , so I threw it out . The boy was not happy . If you want a good truck check out the Mega Blocks firetruck . It is plastic and the kid will love it . If you want the feel of wooden toys , then go to an unfinished furniture store .
 We 've had other toys by M&D , they 've been very good . This one was an utter piece of garbage . The instructions printed using a cheap colour laser printer and the thus made it hard to identify the multitude of similarly shaped items that were in the box . A few of the included screws had heads that were not properly punched so the screw driver would n't bite . Several of the pieces were warped and if it was n't because my son was looking at Daddy to assemble his new fire engine , I 'd have thrown everything back in the box to return to Amazon . The main wooden frame that made up the chassis was glued on crooked , thus forcing the other parts to be forced to follow the contours . The bucket at the end of the ladder was loose , the included pin was too long and thus could n't maintain any friction on the part . After a couple of days the knobs that are used to raise and lower the boom arm are free spinning , rendering them useless unless I glue them back on .
 What a waste of time and money ! Note the date I 'm writing this . Parts do n't fit . Screw holes improperly drilled . Ladder assembly does n't work . Melissa and Doug should be embarrassed . I need another bourbon drink . What a rip off !!!
 Poor quality . Broken parts . Misaligned holes . No way in the world my 6 year old could do any part of the assembly other than to hold the flashlight while I searched for holes on blind spots . He did enjoy the colorful words coming out of dad 's mouth .
 I have many M&D ; products , including a dollhouse and many puzzles . This toy took around 2 hours to put together -- much longer than the entire dollhouse took . Plus , I could not have put it together without a drill to make the small holes larger . All of the holes were in the right spots.Even with the drill , my hands were tired by the end . My husband initially wanted to be the one to put it together because it 'd be fun , but after about 4 screws he threw in the towel.The instructions were hard to follow , mostly because they printed it in color . Red ink does n't show gradients very well , so it was hard to tell what the pieces looked like -- they just looked like red blobs most of the time.Lastly , I was about 2 screws away from the end when a piece popped off . It 's nothing that a little wood glue ca n't fix -- afterall , that 's how they got it to stick there to begin with!Overall , I just was disappointed with the workmanship . We buy wood toys in part because they will last a long time and multiple children . Unfortunately , I highly doubt this will last very long , which is a shame because it looks like it could be a lot of fun .
 This is the cheapest , lamest toy I have ever purchased . The decals are small , torn , put on shoddily . The plastic is very cheap and poorly put together . It can not stand one play session without breaking apart , even if your child is not rough on toys . You would be better off shopping at the 99 cent store than purchasing this product . In fact , we found better space man NASA toys at the Science Center gift shops . They cost more , but in the long run are worth it . Spending $ 19 on this toy is just like flushing money down the toilet .
 Poor quality - pieces do not fit well and are constantly falling apart . The most durable part is the container .
 My six-year-old loves space and to get this he was so exciteded ! However , as we assembled some of the shuttle and other things the taps and pins would break-off . Needless to say , now he ca n't put everything together to simulate launch from Kenedy Space Center because all the parts wo n't stay together .
 It 's sad to see that the space toys based on the actual space program are not good ones . My son loves space and space exploration , but he hardly plays with this set . The shuttle does not stay on the tanks , even when sitting still.I like the fact that everything fits into a box . If only the toy were higher quality!I 'd buy it again , but just for the fact that my son loves space and the space program so much .
 I purchased this kit from a school supply store for $ 20 . I would expect that at that price , I would be purchasing an educational , well built product for kids to play and learn.I am extremely disappointed with the quality . My son was thrilled to receive this set for his fourth birthday . After only a few days , three of the larger pieces are broken . The stickers have already fallen off most of the pieces , and the flag has come apart . So I am already making repairs , and I 'm sure that will continue until they are bound for the garbage . The pieces that have n't actually broken do n't even stay together long enough for pretend play.The educational aspect of this kit is also a disappointment considering it 's not even close to an accurate representation of the real thing , and there 's no booklet to explain any of the pieces . It would have been nice to see more rockets , or a launch pad , or something of substance.This set includes the shuttle orbiter , tank and boosters , a small rocket , a moon rover , a lunar lander , a rock platform , a thin play mat , and an excessive amount -LRB- 39 -RRB- of little gray astronauts . All of this comes in a shoe size storage box that seems sturdy enough -LRB- except for the handles , which have already broken -RRB- to outlast all of the toys inside.In summary , this kit would be better off at the store on display , unless your child wants to be a space shuttle repairman ! Although , I must admit that my son has enjoyed pretending to be an astronaut blasting off into space , even with the broken pieces . He is frustrated that it falls apart so easily , but overall , if it gets his imagination going , that is the fun of it all .
 We bought this as well as the Elenco electric sets thinking it would be the same.It 's cheap , the parts and wires are sharp and it 's not even worth the shipping.The Elenco sets are great !
 While this is probably a very nice skate overall , the bolt sticking out of the training wheel will probably not allow it to be used in a roller rink . I know that it will not be allowed in our rink in Palatine Illinois . Any rink with a wood floor will sustain damage from the metal bolt sticking out if the child falls over or drags his foot along the floor on the side .
 Save your money , these bracelets are almost impossible to put together .
 I only received the net , not the screen . The seller said that Amazon made a mistake and that the listing was only for the replacement net . I returned it because I needed the entire screen . Customer service was fair at best . Shipping was slow because it was drop-shipped from Jugs .
 I 've never actually written an Amazon review but I felt compelled to once I saw such glowing reviews for this game . First off , I should say that my 4-year old did like this game and it could be fun for little kids . But we like playing games as a family so I 'm looking at it from that perspective . I thought this was a terrible game.I get the co-op thing and that the point of this game is that everybody wins , but this game goes so far as to have disclaimers about how dark , even though it is the enemy , is not actually scary but is actually a wonderful time , and the obstacle cards are called good grief cards to remove all sense of badness from them . A little squeaky-clean touchy-feely for my taste.But that 's really not the problem - the problem is that the game does n't make any sense . Anybody can defeat any obstacle at any time as long as everybody else agrees that the card can defeat the obstacle . Or you can just wait and get the right cards to defeat the obstacle , which usually happens if you just keep rolling and mindlessly flipping over cards . Maybe I just do n't get why `` everybody wins all the time '' is fun . It just seems pointless and really tedious if you pretty much know what 's going to happen every time you play . Again , fun for little kids - maybe . But tedium and confusion for me and my wife.Anyhoo - just wanted to add a counter-perspective . I have sat smiling through many rounds of Pretty Pretty Princess and enjoyed myself , but I truly hope to never have to play this game again .
 I bought this for my 2 boys -LRB- ages 3-1/2 and 6-1/2 -RRB- for Christmas . While I found the Imaginext Castle to be a nice item , I found the Phantom Pirate Ship to be a disappointment . The ship is broken into 3 sections that must be snapped together . The problems are 1 . each section is difficult to get to `` snap '' securely 2 . once together , they snap apart again easily , making it difficult to play with the ship 3 . the rails have to be adjusted each time the sections come on and off 4 . the only way to get a pirate out of the `` dungeon '' is to take that section off the ship then try to fit it back together ! The age recommendation is 4-5 , and yes , my 3-1/2 yr . old was frustrated with it , but my 6-1/2 yr . old even had trouble with keeping the ship together . If you would like a pirate ship , I would recommend keep looking .
 I bought this game because it promised a `` green '' experience for the entire family . i must say , i was highly disappointed . is it called `` green '' because you are dealing with vegetables ? So be it . My family could not find any interest in this game , not even my four year old whom we bought the game for . I did not find the added value of this game . do n't waist your money on this .
 The idea around this board game is a good one -- to make it cooperative . The picture on the board itself is a colorful and fun graphic . However , the quality of the product is very poor . The game pieces are on such thin paper and so tiny it is difficult to pick them up . It is VERY over priced for the quality of the product . Should be more like $ 5 . Peaceable Kingdoms game , Stone Soup , is $ 10 instead of $ 15 and the quality is superb .
 We 've had the game for almost a year and we 've only played it when it arrived . Frankly , my 5 year old daughter and I did n't find it as much fun or as stimulating as expected based on the positive reviews . Main complaint is that the pieces are INCREDIBLY flimsy -LRB- has a home made feel -RRB- and one has to manage that aspect instead of fully focusing on the important things . My secondary complaint is that the game is barely more involved than the basic memory card games that cost much less and no where near as challenging as Zoombinis software , which we love . So , this game is not much fun , not well made , not very stimulating , yet it carries a relatively high price - avoid it !
 Bought this for my five yo who plays it in his class.The overall compostion of the game is so cheap . It is like it was made on a copy machine . The cards are paper thin , and will not last over time . After setting up the game , many of the cards were already bent.Next thing is that the directions are somewhat complicated . Maybe I 'm impatient , but I just did not get it.There are so many other games that are truly educational and that are well made . I 'm just not sure that this is one of them .
 I totally agree with the other reviewers
 While this game is fun to play , and my children enjoy the secret door aspect of the game , the quality of the product is really , really poor . The board itself arrived warped and buckled with the house glued on it crookedly . At least half the playing pieces tore as we took them apart . Definitely not built to last .
 I love playing cooperative board games with my kids , especially games such as Forbidden Island and Castle Panic . Based on the reviews that I had read , Caves & Claws seemed like another fun addition to our family collection . However , once we got the game and tried it a couple of times , it has n't been played since . The rules are a bit vague on several things , and there was never a true sense of `` Uh-Oh , how are we going to over come this ? '' that make good co-op games so much fun to play . Unless you really are n't trying , it seems impossible to lose.Also , the paper tokens feel like they 'll tear at any moment , and the game board and cards are poorly printed . There is a small card in the game that explains that the company uses recyclable materials , but that should n't be an excuse to make the game feel cheap.There are better options .
 The description looked very good and I thought it would prov eto be good toy for my 3 year old son . But the quality of the product is very good . After very light use for a few days , many of the magnets have come loose and the plastic casing has broke . The concept of the toy is good but the quality if very poor .
 We bought this toy for our 2 year old who loves to play with her toy kitchen . This is a basic fun toy - all kids love to take things in and out of something at this age.However , this toy has a basic design flaw and we ended up tossing it out after just 3 days.The basket holds onto the base with a very flimsy amount of plastic that sort of latches on the bar across the back of the base . This plastic makes a simple hook that is relatively easy for young kids to take on/off but it does n't have nearly enough material to last . My daughter pushed down on the basket once and the plastic cracked and the backet then hung down . Then we tossed it and were very dissapointed.Hope this helps you pick a better quality toy .
 Kids will like ... for as long as it lasts . And it wo n't last long . I also found the way the basket attaches to the wheel base to become a cart annoying . The darn thing falls off all the time and eventually I threw it out . It just frustrated the kids at church nursery . Better off seeking a sturdier option . Even for a household with just one kid -- this thing is flimsy . It def . wo n't work for a situation where many kids will be using it -LRB- church nursery , preschool , etc. . -RRB-
 I had high hopes when I bought this because my twins were just getting into toys that made sounds and they were really actively playing with similar toys . Unfortunately , they could care less about this one and it just sits on the floor.The upside is that I would go crazy if they did like it because the sounds are very annoying . The best way to descrive the sounds would be to imagine a slot machine at a casino ... fine when you are in Vegas but not the nursery . Also , this thing eats batteries fast.Every child is different and you may find this to be a great toy , but I do not recommend it based on my experience .
 This was a complete waste of time and money ! Do not buy it!It advertises that it plays the alpahabet , but it only plays A , B , C & D ! Its pretty senseless in terms of being an educational toy since your child will not know what goes after D. ... Its loud and heavy and definitely not worth the price .
 These are not the cards that were shipped to me . I ordered Poker Size Super Size Index . The Vendor tells me that they are not made . Then why are they advertised?Somehthing is wrong !!!!
 The assertion that `` This is one of the best thumb tips made on the market today '' is simply NOT true . I was very dissapointed with this plastic thumb tip - poor coloring and it has a very noticeable seam ! I went to a local magic shop and purchased a rubber tip with great color and seamless for only $ 5 . Buyer beware !
 The thumb is very small -LRB- more for a child than an adult -RRB- and you could not fit any cloth inside to do any type of trick . Would absolutely not recommend this product at all .
 My son got these for his 3rd birthday from his Grandma . He absolutely loves Jack but these really are n't `` toys '' . After only a few hours of play he kept popping Jack 's head off . A few days later , he kept doing the same thing . We could n't get Jack 's head to stay on , so , into the trash he went . Then he moved onto Sally . Taking her arms off over and over . No matter how hard we tried we could n't get them back on ! So she went into the trash as well . Lock , Shock and Barrell are VERY small . Do n't even let these near your kid if he/she has a habit of putting items in their mouth . Oogie has to weigh about a pound himself so if he drops onto your/your child 's foot , be prepared for some pain :P I do n't have any complaints about Zero . If you 're looking to collect NBC items or as I saw in other reviews , use as cake toppers , they 're great . The poor quality prevents them from being a good play set .
 Well , I do have a strong , territorial , whatever that crap was , I do have it , and it 's EXTREMELY ANNOYING !!!! The Alarm wakes me up at 5:00 AM because my dad 's SHADOW ! passes nearby . GOODNESS GRACIOUS !!!!
 Remember this book to follow as a wonderful travel plan by car from The Hague to Macesholm , a tiny village in Germany , all along the seacoast in between . However , as a mystery , which is what it 's supposed to be , it stunk . An enormous amount of literary references , you have to be extremely well-read to pick up on them . Lot of talk about food , which is natural , considering the author used to be a chef . I liked the characters immensely , just nothing much ever happened . It was two complete stories , neither one of much interest . No real suspense , or who-done-it , or danger , or anything . Lots of weather talk , and travelogue descriptions , droll conversations , witty repartee , and at times , I thought the author let his bitterness -LRB- about what ? -RRB- come through .
 TO START OFF , I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT ZERO STARS FOR ALL OF THEM , BUT THEY WOULD N'T LET ME !!!!! So any way , it takes about 10 batteries . Also , it sinks all the time . when i used it the first time , it sunk . it was in april , so i had to wade out and get it out of ten feet of water . every time i used it , it sunk about 4 times . then when i was using it in our pool , the propeller fell off . that just -LSB- made me angry -RSB- . so , i was so fed up with the stupid thing , i smashed it into about 25 pieces , and burned it . INSTEAD OF BUYING THIS FOR -LSB- MONEY -RSB- , BURN -LSB- MONEY -RSB- !!!!!!!
 I bought this kit for my grandkids . I was excited about getting them interested in science . But first of all , the kit smells when you open the box and has a smell while storing it . We followed the directions completely and started with the blue sapphire crystals . Our experience was that even with the perfect shaped rock , doing as the directions state and waiting days and days for the liquid to evaporate , you get crystals that do n't adhere to the rock , are colored only by what seems to be blue dye and if you wash it off at all , the color washes away . The color stains your hands and leaves a mess . While making one crystal , you ca n't start another one while the plastic cup is being used , since it 's the only for certain crystals and you must try to find a cup the same size as the small plastic cup if you want to make another crystal.This kit was pricey with the shipping and handling and I can think of other scientific things that would benefit children more . I ended up giving the kit away and for me , it seemed a waste of money . I was disappointed and so were the kids . With kids ' short attention span , they are not excited about waiting a week to watch a crystal grow!Overall , I would not recommend this product !
 My 10 year old son requested this gift for x-mas and is very disappointed . We tried 3 times to `` grow '' crystals . All we got were flat pancakes . We followed the instructions - but no crystals ever grew . After the 3 times , he was done with trying and , like I said , very disappointed .
 When we got this product the instuctions were missing from the box.We can not even grow the crystals because we ca n't get instructions : -LRB-
 Do not waste your money on this product . My kids used all products it contained in one sitting and is complicated for even my 15 year old niece !
 Watch out if you think you can give this to a kid and not help out extensively ! The instructions are skimpy at best but the materials seem to be okay .
 We have only done a couple of projects , it is extremely messy and will stain . My highschooler had no real interest in it , as my middle schooler finds it interesting but often forgets it even exsists in the house . Everyone in our house lost interest in it pretty quickly . Best for a parent that loves doing these type of activities WITH their kid and does n't worry to much about messes or stains in their home . Not overly educational , it just tells you to mix this with that , so you are just throwing ingredients together but not really sure what or why it is making formations ... not overly amazing formations either ... although maybe if we did more , there might be better formations to complete .
 My very excited 8yr old son was so disappointed when , after following the instructions exactly , the results were pitiful . Did not look at all like the pictures . Waste of money .
 It 's a good and well made beanie toy just would pay that much again for a little bear like that ...
 I entered this red teddy bear a few days ago . The mail comes and I get a WHITE teddy bear with a red heart that 's all dirty and covered in yellow stuff . So disappointed .
 Beanie Babies are n't what they used to be . The quality has been managed out , so I advise to NOT get this toy . Kids love and deserve toys , and there are lots of better quality items available .
 I bought three shovels to take to the beach . One broke immediately . It could n't handle heavy sand . Also , the scoop part is too shallow and can not move much sand at all . Ended up leaving them at the house for another renter . I purchased a nicer shovels at the beach . They were more durable and much cheaper .
 I bought this PowerWrapper toy for myself . My 3 & 5 year old kids thought it was great fun to put coins in the bin and watch them sort . But after a month , the digital reader stopped working correctly . The flimsy metal tabs that record the number of each coin type wore out quickly , so the amount shown on the digital reader is worthless . After about six months the motor jammed , and I 've been unable to use it since . They make a model without the digital counter , and I would recommend that one over this one . But as far as durablility , I give it a 2 . If you are only going to throw your pocket change in it , then it 's great fun . For anything else , buy something else that will last .
 This product last maybe a week before it broke . Would not do more then 2 or 3 coins at a time . It is easier to sort the coins by hand !!!
 This product has such a small hole to stuff all that stuffing in thatA Adult need to do it , where that takes away some fun for the child.Well she enjoyed doing the crown and stuff , but it got a hole in the first hour of GENTLE play , We where in the same room so I know it didnt get there from her being rough with the toy.Im very very disappointed in the toy and would NOT recommend it
 These magnets are not strong enough to work on a covered magnetic board -LRB- made just for magnets -RRB- , which was why I bought them .
 Product arrived open & unwrapped in a mailing envelope without any wrap or packaging . It was supposed to be new but looks well worn even though a tag was attached to it . The fabric was nubby and worn looking and not very clean . It looks as though it had sat out in the open for some time and should not have been represented as new . I 've been collecting Beanies for 20 years and even old classics I bought as '' used '' looked in newer condition . I would have returned it but the child I bought it for was present when I opened it in its shabby mailer and would have been heart broken if I had taken it back .
 Purchased for a collective playroom . The toy arrived is great condition
 Since the item arrived in a very damaged box with a label explaining that `` item was checked and appeared in great working condition '' , which it did so I gave it high marks for durability . However for overall entertainment-toy is lame . Really simple and not captivating at least for my child who loves most Chicco items . I would suggest investing in something a little more entertaining -LRB- other then realizing that it must be a well made toy due to the condition in which packaged arrived -RRB- .
 I got this for my son and he had such a hard time getting the 4 wheels on the floor at the same time that I had to make a hole on the dogs body to place the stick handle directly there . This helped him a lot.The toy is very durable and cute ... do n't know , have mixed emotions about it
 It 's not working ! The shell of the rope is supposed to shoot , but it has no recoil . Strongly not recommended !
 I thought this kitchen would be like the one I used to have . The one that I had had a stocked full fridge , a dishwasher , a big oven and real food . I had real eggs that cracked open and there was an egg inside . But I was wrong and I do not reccomend this kitchen because the fridge has no food in it and the one skillet that comes with it covers almost three burners and you have nothing to cook in the skillet and there is hardly any room to move around and the whole kitchen falls over if you put the toaster where it is supposed to be .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- the set that i had when i was a child had a FULLY stocked fridge . . unbelievably stocked with things you would n't imagine ! the stove had bisuits and pies in it . the entire barbie dream house and accessories is totally disapointing . it has absolutly nothing on the dream house and accessories that my mom bought me back in 1981 when I was 6 . it looks cheap now and too many things are painted on instead of actually being an object . i know things must change and i 'm all for that , but mattel made this change for the worse.it 's really not worth buying but of course we moms want our little girls to have the `` barbie dream house '' for the sake of just having it .
 My mom got me a kitchen about 5 years ago and it was very realilistic . It had tons of food and little extras . Now , this one is just -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- !
 This toy was a huge waste of my son 's Amazon Gift Certificate which he was so excited to use . Given the huge expense of this item , we were stunned and disappointed to find the miniature scale of the toy . A total waste as far as I am concerned , and nearly a complete waste for him as well . Basically the high price for such a small item ruined all the fun as well as having used up the balance of a small boys gift certificate . The toy , although cute for a moment , did not bring any lasting fun . As for durability we would n't know because it has not been heavily played with . There is no educational value inherent in the toy or its use , although we knew that when placing the order . We have , however , I think , learned something about ordering items over the internet as opposed to seeing them in a store . I rate this toy , or figure , less than one star .
 I received this item as a gift because I like crafts . I was quite excited about trying some of the included projects . I tried my hardest to get this to work and I could achieve nothing more than torn paper . I observed that there is a metal tip that comes out if you hold the pen straight up and down , but it retracts as soon as it hits a hard surface . I tried the replacement tip and had the same problem with it as well . I tried going very very slowly , tried with a lot of pressure , very little pressure , in between pressure . I tried everything , and the only thing happening was the paper being ripped by the plastic tip if I pressed hard enough.I am unsure if I received a defective unit or whether the product works this way for everyone . I am going to return it and try a replacement , but am worried I may be in for more of the same .
 You are better off buying your kid a pair of scissors . This toy requires the user to move the cutter VERY , VERY slowly to get it to cut through the paper or foam . It 's not very accurate , does n't do a great job cutting , and requires D batteries . Waste of money .
 We bought this item for our 6 yr old daughter for Christmas . IT DOES NOT CUT ! We had three adults try to figure out if we were doing something wrong , because it was NOT cutting . Our daughter even said that scissors do a better job ! So back to scissors we go ! Needless to say , we are very , very disappointed in this product and more disappointed that our daughter did not get the experience from this gift as expected .
 I thought this would be just the ticket for my 6 year old crafter . Wrong ! I spent 15 minutes trying different angles , pressures , speeds , nothing helped . Still popped out looking like I tore it out of the paper . Stylus button must be pushed hard and long to do anything . Must be used under adult supervision as the point could be very dangerous . It is a very fine metal point that could just as easily perforate skin . Both of my daughters tried it . The six year old spent about 10 minutes , with me assisting her every other minute because she got so frustrated with it trying to get it to work `` right '' . She is no longer interested in using it . My 14 year old tried it , had the same problems that I did . She is no longer interested . I would give this item ZERO stars if I could . I doubt this item will be on the market very long !
 I purchased the Hannah Montana Cut and Create version of this product as a christmas gift for my daughter . She is 8 , very creative and does very well with most craft items . . this product is the exception to that . It does not cut , it punches holes in paper and it does n't even do that well . It has a sharp point that looks a lot like a ` lancet ' that diabetics use to draw blood for testing . After trying to assist my daughter with the ` cutter ' for some time , her frustration level and the poor job it did was enough to make us put it back in the box . You could tear out the item you are trying to cut and you would most likely get a better edge . It is also is very loud . Do n't buy this . . Save yourself the trouble and the trip back to the store to return it .
 This product is a total disappointment . It never cut without damaging the paper and tearing . It ca n't even cut the paper that came in the kit . Big waste of money !
 Based on the reviews I just read this product must be defective . There are some who write that it works just fine others , like myself , say that IT DOES NOT WORK AT ALL . I tried for an hour to get it to cut . Read and re-read the instructions . It just did not cut . If I jammed the pen into the paper right through the pad it made an indentation but that is all . Crayola needs to recall this product .
 My sister bought one for her kids . My first impression was that it was a tattoo gun . After arguing with my sister for a minute whether it could make a tattoo or not I tried it . I now have a permanent smiley face on my wrist . It is in fact a tattoo gun .
 Purchased , installed batteries and returned . May be OK for 8 and above , but if you have younger children , do n't buy . The cutter can puncture if held against skin . I now know what it must feel like to get a tattoo .
 Yes , it works . Yes , it 's slow . But the biggest problem is that after using it only a handful of times , it just broke . There 's no longer any tension in the point - if you press on it , it just pushes right up and retracts into the head . Ca n't see any way to fix it - the head does n't have normal screws so I ca n't open it -LRB- I did take the tip off , but the problem is beyond that -RRB- . Unfortunately , we 've had it for a while so returning it is n't an option . Guess it 's going right into the trash . I 'm getting tired of these relatively expensive kids ' toys that break so easily .
 This toy is dangerous !! Do n't buy it ! The ` cutter ' is really a metal point that jabs in and out of the pen and perforates the paper - It is seriously just like a child 's version of a tattoo needle ! It claims that the point is safe , but it is sharp enough to perforate a child 's skin too.I originally thought this would be a fantastic toy for children , but was highly disappointed when I realized how this supposed ` safe ' toy really worked .
 I am in no way a prude , but holy cow is this thing dangerous . The reason I am even looking it up on the web was because I was SURE there would be a recall on it . My wife got it for our 5 year old and besides not really cutting , it IS a tattoo needle . Ca n't think of any other reason to own it really except to do bad prison tats in your own home . Good thing my boy loves tattoos and we got him the pack of 500 tattoos -LRB- removable -RRB- . I guess when he 's older he can whip this thing out and get started on the real thing . Sheesh . Shame on you Crayola .
 Well , it is Christmas Day 2006 and this present was a huge disappointment for our 6 and 10 year old , as well as myself , the 39 year old ! The photographs show the children holding the pen at an angle , the way kids normally color and draw , however , you do have to hold this vertical to the paper at all times , and you have to move it as slow as a snail in order to allow the holes to be close enough together so that you can `` cut '' . Even then , the results were disappointing . I love to draw and craft , and this `` cutter '' is going back in the box because both my children hated it . Now , I have to figure out what to do with it . It 's not even something that I would pass on to anyone else 's kids , to tell you the truth . I bought this brand new at the store , so I doubt that it is malfunctioning . I read the other positive reviews and am puzzled because they love it . If you like sitting there and moving a tool at a snail 's pace , getting a perforated line , then you will probably like using this crayola cutter . If you expect anything more , then you will be disappointed . My advice would be to try out a friend 's before you buy .
 My daughter is almost 6 and we got her this for Christmas . The commercials made it look really cool and easy for kids , no more scissors ! Well we opened it today and it 's too hard for her to hold the button down for any amount of time and to move it around slowly enough to actually cut anything . I 'm having to do it all for her and my hand gets tired too ! They should have made it that the `` pen '' cuts when just being pushed on the paper or something . I have a 9 year old also that was trying to use it and it was n't all that easy for him either . Seems more like something teens or adults that scrapbook would use .
 Do n't waste your money ! I did not buy this from Amazon as it was unavailable , but do n't bother to find it elsewhere . You have to push so hard on the cutter to get it to cut that it tears the paper . My 11 year old was unable to use it effectively . I was barely able to get it to cut a clean line . Ca n't imagine the frustration of the people that paid $ 30 plus on Ebay to get one of these for Christmas . I 'm returning mine and will use the credit for some good safety scissors , constuction paper and glue .
 I bought the Cutter on Ebay for Scrapbooking . BASED UPON CRAYOLA 'S ADVERTISING about how it `` Cuts where sissors ca n't reach '' -LRB- WHICH IS BULL -RRB- - thought it would be good for cutting shapes and alphabets -- and felt $ -LSB- ... -RSB- was better than spending anywhere from $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on Die Cut machines and dies . Boy was I wrong !! You have to hold the button down continuously to keep it powered -- which makes your hand ache after about a minute -LRB- This thing will give anyone Carpal Tunnel Syndrome !! -RRB- -LRB- I am sure they designed as a safety feature for kids perhaps , but I ca n't see how if it is hard for a healthy adult to use -- how a little child 's hand can endure this ! -RRB- Additionally , no matter what angle you hold it - it is very hard to get the teeny blade to perforate or cut anything properly . Even when moved at a super-snail pace , no cuts are clean . They look as if you tore them out of the paper . I tried over and over , using the directions and then trying many different angles , speeds , varying pressure , to no avail . This thing is a piece of JUNK !! A total waste of my money and time . It sits in my drawer gathering dust . I am tempted to send it directly to Crayola headquarters and I would like to see them make a 3-D picture of an intricately cut flower and bird using this piece of junk . Yeah right . Do n't waste your money .
 I was totally disapointed in this product . The retailer was n't at fault.The problem is with the way the product is made . When round tubes are meant to fit into other round tubes-the tubes must be round ! I have tubes that are flat on one side and tubes with small notches inside that prevent the insertion of the second tube . This product was impossible to assemble due to poor manufacturing .
 My son was throwing the ball at a wall on our house - and the the whole house was shaking ! So my wife decided for the safety of house to get him this net . We were gone when the package came , but he went right to work putting it together . He used a lot of masking tape and had a few pieces left over , and also could n't figure out how to get the net put on correctly . I tried to straighten in out - but then my wife ended up taking the whole thing apart and put it together correctly the next day . It looks nice , but really is a little bit light weight for a twelve year old . It might be a useful toy for T-Ball . I do n't think my son is using it that much . But what can you expect for this price ?
 I was expecting something more durable then the cheap plastic pots that my daughter recieved . For the price that I paid for this item I could have gone to the local hardware store and brought her some nice hanging baskets and seeds . She has already smashed the plastic pots that came with this set . It will be the last miracle gro set I buy .
 I bought this game to take on campouts with my 14-20 year old Venture Scouts . Some of the questions had wrong answers , and many questions were full of grammatical errors .
 Excuse me , Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorsua , are you STUPID -LRB- I think you are -RRB- you want to have children at 15 yrs old ? what are you , a rebel ? Oh , and girls CAN participate in sports . You 're lust chicken to try it out . Ohh . talk like that again . girls can participate in school . your just dumb enough to know that ! - Rovi , a BRATZ collecter
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing `` Monique '' . I think that this doll is very ugly . i think that `` Beth '' you should get something else for your mate -LRB- friend -RRB- , because this is just plain ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true .
 it amazes me that they can make products that simply do n't work . This train ca n't even climb a hill with more than two cars attached . It derails almost instantly as it approaches curves . My son wants it to work so bad that he just squeals with frustration .
 This train is very weak
 i did not pay head to the other reveiws , and bought this bike anyway . the first day i had it , the back fender snapped off , leaving sharp points exposed . sadly , we had to tell our 4 year old , on his birthday , that he could not ride the bike . so we returned it and got another one . not more than 30 mins after getting on the new one , than the `` exhaust pipes '' came off , leaving a VERY sharp screw exposed , then the tire came off and the rim broke , becuase it was plastic as well . also , the vinyl on the seat started to come apart.at this point , i had to return it , and fight to get my money back !! it was a week after it had been delivered to the house . i was to afraid that my kids would get hurt on this peice of junk.please do not endanger your children by purchasing this bike !!
 Our daughter got one of these for Christmas . She 's taken it out twice on pavement and the rear wheel -LRB- which is make out of plastic -RRB- broke . I regret paying what I did for this one , not because of what the going price is now but because it 's a piece of junk.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP !
 I bought this for my 43 lb , 6 year old daughter for Christmas . The BACK FENDER , MAIN BODY , HEADLIGHTS and the RIMS are made of CHEAP PLASTIC . This toy was broken on the first day she rode it . The back rim and the back fender cracked and broke making the bike useless .
 just kinda scared cuz it had chinese and a made in china all over it . Would the FDA let us buy a tainted product for our kids ?
 very upset used pacifier !!! product came out of package with appearance of being very used realy !!! this was to be given as a gift but is clearly trash but it came in a timely manner
 Well it took over 2 weeks to get and when it arrived international from GUANGZHOU CHINA !!! it was unwrapped and stuff in a small bag ... how unsanitary is that ?! who knows where it has been . I was hoping to give this as a funny but still safe for the baby to use . But I think it would be super tacky to give an unwrapped pacifier ???? yuck !! I should have looked into where this thing was shipping from
 These are directly from China - really . Shipped in a brown envelope no pacifier case no wrapping . Like who would ever put this near a baby ? What a sick waste .
 my niece absolutely hates this thing . She hates the taste of it and she gagged the first 2 times I tried to give it to her , so I just gave up . What a waste ...
 My daughters used their own money to purchase outfits for their brand new American Girl Dolls , and we sadly had to return them since they DO NOT fit AG dolls !! Do n't waste your $ $ $ or time buying these outfits , you 'll only end up with a sad little girl , and yet another errand to run .
 My daughter is very disappointed with this coloring book.The paper is very dark , ruff and thin . It absorbs the ink so fast , that it is almost impossible to color using markers , you can only use crayons.The price is high and the quality is low - not a good product.The Pictures are nice , though .
 Could not be more disappointed , putting this together on Christmas Eve for our son and there is NO HARDWARE for the train set !!!! We can not construct the bridge , the helicopter pad , etc. . We are just so sad that out son 's Christmas present is not going to be ready to have him play with on christmas morning .
 This train table is poorly designed in many ways . First of all , the storage area under the table for the buckets is set up so that you have to pull out at least one of them to access the others . Second , the track pieces are n't completely flush and cause the trains to catch . That would be ok if the magnets were stronger , but even on straight sections the cars often separate , and definitely around curves and up hills . Overall , I wish I had shopped around a lot more .
 Our daughter received this set for her birthday . There are several small pieces that are a nightmare to assemble , that really could have come assembled to start with . The cars and trucks drive better on the train tracks than the actual train cars , the cargo boxes do not stay on the train cars very well , the buildings -LRB- aside from the one 3-D one -RRB- are just thin squares that you just stand up , so they knock over with any movement of the table , in reality , all of the accessories do . I know this is a cheaper set , but I 'm sure some of the more expensive ones are of better quality . You really ca n't even push the train through the tunnel under the waterfall , and my kid is two ... So I could n't imagine other children being able to .
 I had such high hopes for this table , but it fell drastically short . I think the table is sturdy , and there is a lot of variety in the pieces , but the track is not precise-fitting in the least , and when it says it is compatible with Thomas cars , it does NOT mean Trackmaster . They wo n't fit on the tracks right , even though they will somewhat bumble along them , that is until a hill , bridge , tunnel/mountain comes up . They 're too big/wide and ca n't make it up the slopes even without any extra cars . Also , the crane does n't work . They sent me a new one ... it 's different -LRB- magnet instead of hook -RRB- . It does n't work either . The mountain appears to have needed a battery for something at some point , but no longer . I guess they discontinued whatever it was it was supposed to have done . I think it was supposed to make noise . The train cars do not have strong magnets at all , and usually manage to fall apart , both from each other and also the cars separate from themselves . I 'd glue the cars to the wheel portion but sometimes she tries to lift them with the crane , and it 's better if they 're free . She gets frustrated that the crane will not roll down properly without tugging on the end of it though , so she 'll try and then give up . If you make a flat oval with this track on the board , the trackmaster trains can handle it . As one other reviewer noted , there 's no way to line the pieces up with the corresponding painted terrain . One other huge disappointment - the bins do n't pull out like regular drawers as I 'd thought they would . They are deep beneath the table , and you slide them out of each -LRB- short -RRB- end , meaning that if you want something from the middle bin , you somewhat awkwardly reach under/around and pull out one bin , then reach deeper and more awkwardly to pull out the middle bin . I can easily see how too much weight would cause the bins to fall out of their slat . I bought this months before her birthday , and had I put it together sooner , I probably would have returned it . I got a used Thomas set -LRB- Action Canyon -RRB- for $ 30 that is wonderful and we just use a couple of the play parts from the train table with it . -LRB- She likes the stop sign/traffic light -RRB- .
 This was a recent Xmas present for our 3 year old . There are way too many pieces that are just junk ! Putting this together was a nightmare . Pieces that could have been attached already had to be attached with the littlest tiny screws . The track is made of cheap wood and the trains are hard to put together with Thomas set . Trains do n't go underneath some tracks and our son gets annoyed ! Do not purchase ... invest in more durable and expensive one !!!!
 This is a frustrating toy for my young son . He loves the train toys and was excited to get this in the mail . However , I have to say that this has fast become a frustrating toy.The little man comes out of his seat and the top comes off the wheeled bottom . This happens continually , even when you are trying to roll up the little string to tow a train . I am thinking I `` m going to take some glue and glue the top to the bottom and eliminate some of the frustration for my child.If Brio were to make it so these pieces clicked together then it would be a much better toy in my opinion.I 'd skip this one . You can get some cute train cars and great tracks . Throw in a few little people and you do n't need the little tow car ... Again , I 'd skip this one . The top comes off the bottom and does n't stay attached while you are playing . Frustrating .
 My baby did n't get much use out of these . They 're sort of too small to care . I would pass on this item next time .
 I was excited to get this thinking it would light up like the picture shows . Well I should know better than that . I bought the green jellyfish , and while it does light up , you can hardly see it unless it is pitch black outside , even then it does not light up the water at all and now my jelly is floating sideways . It does not even float upright .
 THE BLUE JELLY FISH PUTS OFF A LITTLE GLOW , THE PINK ONE GAVE NO GLOW AT ALL . DID NOT PROVIDE ANY LIGHTING AT ALL FOR MY POOL . I WISH I DID NOT PURCHASE ITEM . BOUGHT ANOTHER FLOATING POOL LIGHT , WHICH WAS 3X CHEAPER AND IT WORKED 10X BETTER .
 This product came with 2 pieces that are warped - so the oven door closes too far and the fridge door wo n't close all the way . The stove / sink top piece is split and the screw holes for the faucet were drilled too small.I would not recommend .
 It is a nice little kitchen , perfect for smaller spaces or if you do not want to have a large intrusive item in your room . I like that it does not make sounds because it encourages my kid to talk about it and to make his own pretend-a-cooking sounds while he is playing , which I believe is more beneficial for kids . My kid seems to like it and plays with it every day.The reason I gave it 2 stars is because I spent a lot of time looking for a wooden kitchen actually made out of wood and not plywood or MDF . I made numerous calls to various companies in search of one and my online research indicated that the only available options on the market are two Guidercraft kitchens - one larger and this one . To confirm that , I called Guidecraft 's customer service directly and specifically inquired whether this kitchen was made with any plywood , MDF , or other composite materials , and was told that it was made out of solid rubber wood , which is a type of hardwood . I was also told that the color version of the kitchenette is made out of MDF , but was assured that this version was rubber wood only . The truth is that it is in large part made out of plywood with some smaller parts made of what looks like some type of pressed board composite ; 25 % at best are actual solid wood pieces.I am bothered that the company provided erroneous information . Guided by my previous experience with another `` green '' company , I was aware that it was not enough to ask whether it was made out of `` wood '' only because that arguably covers all sorts of wood containing materials made with glues and chemicals . I specifically asked whether such materials were used and was told that this one was made out of solid rubber wood . This kitchenette is more expensive than comparable counterparts that are made with plywood or wood composite materials . I would have probably purchased this one anyway because of limited choices and because I like the compact size and that it has no electronic noisemaking components . However , I am offended that I was given wrong information and I feel I can no longer rely on any representations as to the quality , materials and components made by Guidecraft .
 Well , I 've never written an Amazon review before , but I believe this product warrants my first review . I give it one start because it is a piece of crap . People that buy this are looking for a more natural kitchen set to the ones all in plastic . It 's deceiving , all the insides parts are like paper glued together . The varnish and paint smell very toxic as you unpackage it . It is not designed well and the one we received was defective and the microwave part did n't have the right sides to attached on to the stove top . They changed the product and then did n't include the right hardware or predrilled holes to make it fit ! I 'd take a well designed plastic play kitchen any day over this terrible kitchenette . This kitchen would n't last a child more than a year before breaking.After getting everything out of the box and noting the quality , broken pieces where the doors meet the jam and that the top does n't have the hardware or spots to connect it we packaged it back up and are retuning it to Amazon as defective item.I 'm trying to figure out why there are so many good reviews on this item . Is it rigged ? The good reviews are one of the reasons I bought the product , however , I 'd give this a zero stars if that was possible.I 'm going to look for a solid wood kitchen made in the USA , because this one really fell short.Rashel
 In general this is a great item , cute and good quality , but baby gets bored with it quickly . They do make a sound when my little girl hits them , but they both sound the same so no variety there , then she gets upset quickly because she can not pull them closer to her -LRB- The string is not elastic -RRB- . Also the fasteners for the seat handle are not adjustable and too wide for my car seat causing them to slide partially down to the side instead of staying in front of the baby 's face . And the Lion 's neck is making a crinkle sound but the neck parts are too small for a baby to get a good grip , again causing frustration for her . I kept them , but am actually using them around the house , for the car seat I bought something new . -LRB- Right now looking at the item description it says something about a magnetic clib which it does not have and that the animals are supposed to climb up when pulled down - which they do n't . They must have mixed up the product description with another item , it did not state all this when I bought it . -RRB-
 This is the first time I have been compelled to write a review on Amazon . Here is what the description said
 I was very disappointed with the colors -LRB- a horrible flashy yello for the lion -RRB- and the quality , although for the price they are ok .
 I 'll start off by saying that I am a collector , and I 've learned how to do some pretty cool tricks with a deck of cards -LRB- I 've been practicing for about a year now , and average about 4 hours of practice a day -RRB- . You 're not likely to see me without a deck of cards in my hands , and upwards of a dozen or so on my desk at any given time . So , I know a bit about playing cards how they handle , how they feel , and what 's good , and what 's not.The first thing I noticed when taking the cards out of the box , is that they just feel bad . They have plenty of stick , but no slip . They also feel a bit stiff , and flimsy . They do n't fan , or spread at all -LRB- not without major clumping -RRB- . They do spring okay , but only in one direction . I think this might have to do with the cutting method.In the end , I ca n't recommend these playing cards to anyone . So , do yourself a favor , and spring for a deck of Bicycle playing cards . Well , there is one nice thing I can say about these cards . The backs really do look nice .
 I was shocked when my almost-4-year-old began playing this game ! Mater the tow truck has to dodge machine gun bulllets from the car chasing him ! This is completely inappropriate for young children ! Exposing kids to gun violence in video games so early -LRB- or at all ! -RRB- is part of a growing problem , especially in light of the recent school shootings . I was appalled that an educational toy would feature a game with machine gun violence . I had to take it away from my son and say goodbye to my $ 20 .
 This game was bought for my son for his birthday to accompany his brand new leapster 2 . It plays through the intro and freezes up upon starting actual game play . To rate this on its educational value is pointless unless it is providing a lesson in aggravation . We returned our first copy to the store . With the second copy , and third copy , same thing happened . All the while other games my son received work perfectly . We contacted Leapster . They sent us a new copy of the same game . Same thing all over again . I have had it . I contacted them and requested a different game . The flaw is in the programming . No other game does this in my son 's leapster console . Avoid it if your are getting your child a Leapster 2 .
 This cartridge allows the child to choose from one of several race tracks to `` race '' on . Unfortunately , the activities or goals of each track are very similar . You either steer left or right to choose a letter/number/symbol . More time is spent on speeding up to grab a coin , jumping over oncoming dangers , or speeding ahead . As such , the educational value is really limited , while the video game aspect is what might keep a child playing . There is really no depth and very little thought behind each track . My son was bored immediately . It reminded me of an old-fashioned video game from my youth -LRB- 70s -RRB- . Very very disappointing . We bought this cartridge with the Disney Princesses cartridge for my daughter , and there is no comparison . The Princesses cartridges allows one to use the pen as well as the arrow keys -LRB- with `` Cars '' , only arrows -RRB- , has memory games , practice drawing letters , recognizing words beginning with letters , and many more , varied , learning exercises , while at the same time using fun graphics , stories and songs . Do n't waste your money and your child 's time on this cartridge .
 My son received this game for his 5th birthday and had completed it in under a week . He loves the Cars Movie , so he still plays with it occasionally , but it is a repetitive game with little educational value . It 's not even challenging for hand-eye coordination because you can `` win '' without much movement at all . For example , if you do n't touch the controls your car will not go off the road , even when going around turns . It has the characters and voices that you love , but not much else . The `` Kindergarten '' cartridge lasted much longer in terms of educational and entertainment value .
 I have a 3 year old son and he has the longest attention span I have ever seen in a young child . He has watched full movies since the age of 1 and I bring him to the theater all the time and he doesnt move until its over ! Also , he LOVES to play games on my phone or watch older kids play xbox . Thats why I thought this would be perfect for him , i was WRONG ! The game held his attention for about 15 minutes at a time and he wasnt interested at all after about 3 days of it . It wasnt the console , that works fine . . it was the games . There isnt much to do on them and they get old very fast !!! Considering each game is $ 20-25 , it would cost a fortune to buy a lot . I HIGHLY recommend getting a used console or trying out a friends before buying because I wasted a lot of money on this . It may be good for some kids but every kid is different .
 My boys thought that a treasure chest sandbox was a cool idea , being into the pirate theme . Thankfully I purchased this sandbox in-store , because I returned it the very same day . I did n't even fill it with sand before I realized it was a cheaply made toy . The plastic is thin and was bent or warped in a few places . The lid would n't fit on correctly , even if it was n't bent at some of the edges it would n't have been a good , secure fit . I was surprised that Little Tikes would make something so flimsy . I exchanged it for the Step 2 Naturally Playful Sandbox , which is sturdier and the lid works much better . Spend the extra $ 10 for a sandbox that is higher quality .
 We were quite happy with this sandbox until it rained ! The lid and sides allow rainwater to fill the sandbox , and until we replaced it with a MUCH better alternative -LRB- Step 2 's Naturally Playful Sandbox -RRB- , we had a sandy-bottomed pool and a very disappointed little boy . Little Tikes was good about it , though , and in return for us sending them photos of the water-filled sandbox , they did send us a certificate for the purchase price to use toward other Little Tikes products .
 I bought this sandbox for my 21/2 year old son , and he loves playing in the sand with it . However , I am taking it back to the store & exchanging it for the Naturally Playful sandbox -LRB- which I was originally going to purchase , but got this one instead to save $ 10 - mistake -RRB- . As soon as I put the lid on it caved in the middle -LRB- of course , I already had sand in it -RRB- . Also , the lid just seems to lay on the top , and could be easily blown off . I 'm sure it wo n't last through many sunny days or storms so it will be going back .
 This sandbox is terrible . We have had it for one year now and it does n't keep the water out even with the lid on . In fact , there are such large gaps between the lid and the box that it becomes an insect haven -LRB- spiders , earwigs etc -RRB- . The wind has blown the lid off several times . And so much moisture got into it over the winter because the lid did n't fit properly that when we opened it up this spring all the sand was moldy on top . Talk about disgusting . Unfortunately , my hubby is really frugal so he wo n't let me buy a new box for our girls but for those of you still shopping , my advice is to save yourselves the hassle and spend an extra $ 10 or $ 15 on a better box .
 We have had this sandbox for about a year and it is constantly filling with rain water . Flimsy lid does not fit correctly and Little Tikes will do nothing without a dated receipt within 1yr - basically told us too bad . Buy the Step 2 !!!
 all i can say is that this product should be recalled . my child hardly played with this and the paint in the clam castanets chipped off in big pieces . the xylophone literally fell apart -- the head and the tail separated cleanly from the two cross bars.this item is * dangerous *
 Adorable , easy-to-use . all that and a bag of chips . But as the first reveiewer notes , this is not a toy that can be rolled back and forth on the floor and then set loose on the tracks . Once your child has rolled it around manually by hand , the gears are ruined . You may get one or two weeks out of it , and then it is kaput.Not only are the trains expensive , but batteries only last about an hour.One day my four-year-old started screaming while I was in the kitchen . I ran to him to find the train running , and his hair twisting into its wheels . After frantically ripping his hair out of the wheels while simultanelously trying to turn the damn thing off , I turned the train car over to see a tiny sticker on the bottom . It read : CAUTION
 This toy requires a specialized triangular shaped screwdriver to access the battery compartment . We have yet to locate this type of tool , so we have yet to enjoy this toy .
 The train does not autostop as advertised . My two year old forgets to turn it off -LRB- not that he could -RRB- and it just runs and runs until the battery dies .
 I was not expecting something made in Redwood or other good materials , but this item is really cheap.First of all it is sold as sandbox but the original box show it as planter , that can be used also as sandbox -LRB- and this is the first sign of something not good -RRB- . Open the box and you will find 6 plastic bars that are basically the sandbox walls ; they are empty inside , and outside textured like wood . You will find also the joint parts to put it together , screws and few stakes to anchor it to the ground.Overall this item is holding decently ; I 've put in 600lbs of sand and it is still holding the shape ; but the material is really cheap , and you can see the wall kinda deforming where the stakes are placed -LRB- I 've positioned it on top of dirt , then I 've added some rubber mulch around and on the bottom , it comes with a tarp so the sand do n't mix with the dirt -RRB- . It looks like the weight of the sand is enough to nullify the support of the plastic stakes -LRB- which are quite short -RRB- ; probably you will have better luck digging a hole and then putting the sandbox around the hole , instead than just having it laying on the top of the dirt -LRB- most likely you will not get anything like it is displayed on the example picture -RRB- . Overall it is decent but if I could send it back I would gladly spend more and get a better one , or build one on my own -LRB- there are tons of tutorials about how to build one ; I just had no time , and wasted the money paid to buy this one -RRB- . Maybe is better as planter box .
 My husband put it together and it was cheaply made , He had to use his own screws to ensure it was secured tightly . Some boards crakced when hammering them together lightly !!!! Would not buy for this price !!
 I bought two of these , but was disappointed in their design from the beginning . First problem , all the shelves are the same depth of 8 inches , so none of the regular toddler size board books are even visible when you put the books in the shelves . I would have assumed they would have made the top shelf with 8 '' depth , the middle shelf with 6 '' depth , and the bottom with the 4 '' depth , so could display a variety of books , but no , all the same . Next problem , is that the only books that look right in this display have to be at least 12 '' -14 '' tall , but then the books tend to start leaning out at a funny angle toward you at the top . Besides , most toddlers prefer the 5 '' x 8 '' size toddler board books so their hands can manage them . We ended up buying CD storage boxes to hold most of our toddler board books instead.We got this toddler bookcase with the natural canvas , but this red canvas one I would be very afraid would very likely stain books . Avoid this item and go with the commercial grade Jonti-craft single sided display -LRB- or double if you have large space -RRB- with the masonite dividers . We borrowed 2 of the Jonti-craft ones from a preschool teacher friend , and our kids are happy to be able to again find and see their books that have been lost in this canvas book hider . I 'm giving these canvas bookcases away and sticking with the better Jonti-craft shelves for my toddler and preschooler .
 As soon as I took this item out of the packaging and gave it a few kicks it started leaking sand . I was really disappointed because besides from that , it seems to be a high quality footbag .
 Do n't bother with this seller , they will send you the wrong item . Instead of a SandMaster , I received a lower quality foot bag called a `` Stally . '' I wont be doing business with this seller again .
 sent it back as soon as I received it ; avoid whenever possible ; picture misrepresents product ; misleading and deceptive advertising ; should be removed from website ; suspect positive reviews are plants from the company ;
 every time I pick a sand bag for my grandson they never send what I pick.I liked the one there showing so I picked it and they sent me an ugly brown one.They did that on the order before but I thought it was a fluke so I ordered again and the same darn thing happened .
 I received the SandMaster footbag today . I could n't believe it when I opened the box ... there was only ONE . Okay , so I should have gone to the descriptions section to look at the weight of the package so I would have known there was only ONE for the price , which was $ 12.65 . My sons are getting into playing with the footbags of their friends and requested some for Christmas . I saw the picture of 12 and thought that was what I was getting . Now , I 'm just frustrated . One footbag is not enough and I 'm going to have way to much invested in them . Wish it would have stated with the picture that you were only going to get one and at their selection . Ca n't comment on the quality since I know nothing about them ... just know that is a lot of money for a bag of sand .
 I 've only used a few footbags and sand tends to be my favorite . This one does n't disappoint.However after about an hour of use , a significant amount of sand has been taken out of the footbag . We would do simple kicks and you can see sand puffs fly out of the bag . It may be a defective bag that I have , but the sand drains REAL quick .
 The picture shows a dozen balls and the description reads Assorted Colors , so I assumed I was getting 12 . When you read the fine print , you one actually get one . My fault but the item is set up rather deceivingly . Way too much $ for just one ball . Plus the ball itself is filled with about 1/4 of material and has little bounce to it unlike an official Hacky Sac . I would definentely return it for my $ back if I could .
 I bought two sets of these paints so that we would have all six colors . They are basically watery colored soap like the reviewer above me said . They have a strange long-lasting smell that stays on your hands for a few hours . The paint is not bright and solid like I had imagined finger paints to be . But they do wash off the tub , tiles , and fixtures very easily and do not stick to our grout like the packaging said it might . Thankfully I paid only $ 0.99 per pack at a local discount store so it was worth the money and will definitely last for a few weeks , used sparingly . All in all worth a buck , but I would have been upset if I had paid more .
 I gave this as a Christmas present so I did n't check it out when I received it in Sept. . I asked my daughter how she liked it and that 's when she told me it had battery corrosion inside . She has two small children so could n't have this around . I have contacted the seller and have heard nothing from them . I consider this fraud in the biggest way . I did n't get what I ordered which was a new one . I would like to get my money back .
 Support rod broke through in no more than 4 months of light use by our 3 year old , and by light use I mean mostly sleeping in it . The rods are jointed together and one of them bent and broke making the tent lopsided . Not too happy with the quality .
 My kids absolutely love this toy , however , I have noticed a lot of fine bright blue powder-like particles when I am sweeping our wood floors . Being a nurse , I am very concerned that if I 'm finding this ` dust ' two and three rooms over from where the tent is set up , that my kids are actually inhaling it into their lungs in addition to tracking it all over the house via their socks . Thusfar no one has mentioned any strange blue streaks in their Kleenexes when they sneeze etc but since 2 of my kids have had problems with bronchospasms and wheezing in the past I am taking this tent down until I hear from the manufacturer as to what is going on . Has anyone else noticed this problem ?
 I do not recommend this tent . It smells like the costumes from halloween in the 80 's , it 's HUGE and not well made .
 Works fine for kids who are more reserved . It was fun for them to hide in and play . But it does not withstand being moved often and kids who ruff house . The poles will push through the corner holders by being moves frequently . I reinforced them to prolong use . But when my daughter fell on the tent one of the poles snapped and it was game over . It lasted 2 months .
 We bought this toy to replace a tent that was falling apart -LRB- that our kids loved and used in the house -RRB- . This one was way too small . Good for one kid only .
 The picture on the Amazon.com page is actually of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the products together . I was extremely dissapointed when I found out it was actually half of what I was expecting to receive , and for what I paid a high price . The toy may be durable , but it is DECEIVING to have a picture of 2 tunnels attached and sell only one ... it 's not fair !
 I purchased this item for my 1 and 3 year olds . The boys loved it but within a few weeks it became unusable . One of the velcro tabs used to keep the coils together when storing it fell off so it no longer folded up flat . I think that led to pressure in part of the fabric so the metal that creates the coil shape tore through the fabric . Due to this sharp protruding metal we can no longer safely use the tunnel . I would not recommend that people buy this product .
 Poor quality . The clips rip off when trying to tighten after one try . I have had to tie the ropes together for it to work . Will send it back ASAP !
 The sandbox cover for the Frame It All Sandbox hexagonal has some problems . The shape is great , the anchors that hold it down to the frame are great . The problem is the elastic rope that holds it snug are held together with a plastic grip and all of them broke . Some of the elastic rope disappeared into the seam of the cover.So the rope is not holding the cover snug and water gets in . Very disappointing as it was so close to working so well , and yet so far away.Frame It All Sandbox Cover , Hexagonal
 I 'd get again since there seem few options , but the item only took about 3 months in the sun to fade . Also , no matter how tightly the strings are pulled , water pools between sections .
 The cover comes with a big inflatable beach ball to place in the middle of your sandbox , supposedly to help the water run off the cover , but water still accumulates and sags under the weight of water , making big , stank , murky water puddles that end up in your sand anyway when you try to take the cover off . I personally would not mind the sand getting wet , since it would just drain out the bottom anyway , and wet sand is much better for play and building castles with than dry sand . Dry sand also flies much more easily into eyes . I just want a taut cover that will keep critters who want to use my large sandbox as their personal loo out of my sandbox . This cover does not do that , as the weight of the water pulls the cover in and creates openings where animals could get in . It also does not have very good UV protection , as my cover lasted one summer before fading , and three summers before ripping and shredding apart .
 I found that this cover accumulated water puddles even when tightened , and then started mildewing on the top . A hard plastic cover would be far superior to this . It is hard to put on , hard to remove -LRB- without getting water or sand all over yourself -RRB- . It fades in the sun .
 It 's very disheartening for a child that asks Santa for a guitar and spends the pre-Christmas season excited for Christmas morning , only to open this gift and discover that you ca n't even tighten the strings to play a tune - they self loosen . This will be going back as soon as I receive my RMA from the manufacturer . Of course , I now have to pay shipping just to send the defective thing back . If you 're considering purchase of this product , please - reconsider .
 This kid acoustic guitar looks really nice , but when it comes to using it , we had to DUCT TAPE the tuner knobs in order to keep the strings in place . And we had to use A LOT OF DUCT TAPE . The guitar is of no use if the strings wo n't stay in place and without duct tape , we could n't get one string to play.Now that it is all duct taped , my 3 year old does enjoy it , but the toy should n't have to be duct taped in order to work properly .
 The strings would n't tighten . Not sure if it 's worth paying more shipping to return it .
 This guitar looks good in the picture but in reality is poorly made . When my Grandson , Jake , opened his birthday gift -LRB- he turned 4 on Jan. 3 , 2009 -RRB- , his eyes lit up . It held together less than 1 hour . Jake is terribly disappointed . You know the routine
 Yes , this guitar is adorable , but that 's about the only positive thing that can be said . One string broke while I was trying to tighten it -LRB- and no I was n't over-stressing it -RRB- . Another broke the first time my son touched it . Most of them would not tighten at all -LRB- like the screws were stripped and would n't hold -RRB- . The bridge at the bottom came off the first day as well . So , yes , it 's adorable , but ... the strap is fine , the carrying case is allright , the tuning pitch is fun , but the guitar itself is very much useless other than pure looks . I certainly was not expecting high quality music to come forth from it , but I was expecting some type of musical note and not just loose strings dangling .
 This item is misrepresented in the description . It comes with a strap that can not be attached without buying and installing an end pin and it says it comes with a pitch pipe which was not included . The product details are misleading and although the price is good you do not get what you think you are paying for .
 My children -LRB- 8 & 10 -RRB- LOVE this lightsabre , but they are meant to be displayed . Our is on display after other kids in the neighborhood played with theirs too roughly and broke them . This is TOOOO expensive to be a toy , display it instead !
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 The hardware itself is well-built . The display is high-contrast and easy to read , and the buttons have a good feel and are laid out rationally . The problem is with the software.The biggest problem is the fact that this device has the dealer stand on 16 -LRB- hard or soft -RRB- , not 17 , making the device useless for practicing Basic Strategy . There are a few other quirks with the software . A player 's three or more card 21 wins instantly -- no push against a dealer 's 21 . Also , the dealer does n't expose his natural , allowing you to double-down or split against it and lose twice -LRB- but also allows you to surrender against it -RRB- . You are only allowed to double-down on a 10 or ace , a rule seldom found in shoe games . An ace-9 combination shows up as `` 10 '' , not `` 20 '' , but settles the bet correctly if you stand . And due to screen size limitation , you must stand on any six card hand ; fortunately , so must the dealer.All in all , a nice toy , but not a serious blackjack trainer .
 The blackjack game does not exhibit odds . You ca n't double-down on multiple hands -LRB- Las Vegas permits you doing this -RRB- . The hit button is overly sensitive -- two cards are dealt instead of one . I question about the true randomness of the cards dealt .
 This was pretty crap none of the kids like them and they are not amazing at all . My kids threw them in the trash first day , just a waste of money
 I ordered several of these for stocking stuffers and they were sticks with multi colors on one side and a solid color on the other side - nothing magic about it and the explanation for the magic part was lame . Not worth it if it was given to me !
 The figures arms can not be lowered , limiting the available poses to waving gestures . ...
 I liked the concept , but his mouth did n't move like it was supposed to , and his arms did n't move too much either . The speaker was n't a very good one , so you had to listen very hard , and still could n't get everything he was saying . I think he was a cheap doll and should n't have been priced cheaper .
 I was so excited to see this mat I thought that it would be great to use with the wooden airplanes and buildings . I can not understand why this mat was not made to accomodate the buildings/planes that are made for the wooden set -LRB- , planes , hangers , firehouse etc. -RRB- The mat should be a runway without airplanes and buildings pictured so that it could actually be played with . If anything they should have drawn dotted lines for where to place buildings that you have . What are you supposed to do with the wooden buildings that you have they do not fit on the mat . The planes can actually go inside the wooden hangers -LRB- more fun than a flat mat -RRB- . Though the hangers are too small to accomodate all the planes -LRB- example the kids hanger ... only two fit not three -RRB- It does make a nice , expensive rug or door mat for decoration though .
 My 2-1/2 year-old son received this for Christmas along with three of the plane characters and one of the hangars . The play mat is very cute , but it basically just acts as a storage area in our living room for the toys . He never uses it to actually play with the planes in terms of running them down the roadways , etc. . It is durable enough , but I would say it 's a waste of money.UPDATED
 I got the the doll It does not work at all and mic wire is also broken . I feel i wasted money by ordering it . its a piece of junk .
 Dean Martin doll plays the music , but mouth does n't move and arm moves sometimes but not others . Would have liked to have known this before I made the purchase .
 I really find it difficult to rate this item for the following reason . I purchased the Dean Martin doll as a novelty item for my wife , a dedicted Dean Martin fan . Unfortunately it did not perform as expected . The mouth would not move . Fortunately I was able to return it for a full refund paid in a timely manner .
 The claws are bent away from the hand in the package , leaving you to try and straighten them out.They look like wet noodles . I found the blue right shoulder piece was detached upon opening the package . The legs have a limited range of motion and the figure is difficult to balance without the base .
 I 'm not interested at all in playing with toys . I 've just been a huge fan of Wolverine for the last 12 years and this is the sharpest , most evil looking Wolverine mini statue I 've ever come across . My respect to toy biz , this is something i 'd expect from Todd Mcfarlane 's toy sculptoring , cuz he makes twisted looking figurines .
 This game is enticing when you first see it online . It looks like a lot of fun , and I thought so while setting it up and all . It 's a great concept , but there is something that went awry in the manufacturing of the game board . Now this may not be true for all the games , but there were two problems . The first problem is the game board had a shoddy paint job to say the least . The second , and this is what ruins it for me and everyone else , is that as you add more and more mirrors and change the path , the laser diverts from a straight path and will eventually miss the mirror altogether . After experimenting with game pieces and the laser , I realized that both were to blame . The laser cannon is not aligned properly , and a few of the mirrors are poorly angled . This is NOT a problem with the player . I had friends come and all tell me the same thing . I even double checked with another persons game set , and it had the same problem . I even saw a person returning their game to a hobby store . I asked why and they also said the same thing . Save yourself the money and find an actual mensa worthy game , because this one , although has a great concept , the manufacturing makes it unplayable and unenjoyable , unless you like imagining there 's a laser that works and reflects properly .
 I do n't want to call doubt on the other reviews here , BUT I have to wonder if I got the same game that everyone else did . It looks great on paper . Strategic , dual thinking , whole game explained in 11 really simple rules . The board has recessed squares and all the mirrors and goodies fit nicely within the squares and everything happens in nice predictable angles.Except , the game itself is just , well , cheap . Really cheap . Certainly not worth the price . It just has n't been finished correctly . The board is full of swirl lines from using a low-quality plastic molding process and the painted spots are sprayed on with poor finish . Now , sure , that 's just appearance but then there are the essential problems . The laser just is n't aligned correctly . Put a few pieces out there and you 'll have the laser hit and edge of a mirror or reflect up above the edge of the board or something . I do n't know if it 's the laser itself or the mirror pieces but something so vital to the actual game should n't just be an afterthought ! I went through two of these before giving up and just trying to get a refund.On the website the troubleshooting guide says the laser is aligned to 7 reflections but the first one I got was only good to 5 and the second was only good to 3 ! When the game is over there could be interesting educational playtime since there are many many surfaces to reflect off of but with the cop-out 7 reflection limit they 're already shooting themselves in the foot in that regard.Wonderful concept and I tried playing a game or two but while playing I could n't help but feel ripped off and apologetic for it with long laser paths that just do n't go to completion to the expected finish . Terribly disappointing . The best thing that could happen to this game would be if its manufacturer got bought out by a big player in the industry and they brought their production expertise to actually refining the construction and look of the thing . Maybe that or make a computer version where maybe they do n't have to worry about hitting some seemingly unrealistic tolerances .
 The game did n't work when we opened it . The laser on one piece did n't work and it did n't help to change the battery .
 I was really excited about getting this for my brother for Christmas , but when we opened the package , the lasers would not fire and we could never get them to work , which is the whole point of the game , so it 's pretty much trash now .
 Received Khet 2.0 in the mail today , all of the pieces have a indent in them where they were clearly broken off a chain of plastic molding . The mirrors have scratches and dents in them , and one of the lasers is really loose and does not work when pressed directly on , rather one must make a vividly hilarious maneuver with their thumb to get the laser going , inadvertently making the piece fall out of the triangle holster -LRB- on the board -RRB- . Really disappointed , was looking forward to this line of sight game , however , China , which manufactures their product , is notorious for having quality consistency issues . Go figure , I paid what I got for -LRB- get it ? -RRB-
 I was looking forward to gifting this game , but when I got it from Amazon , the game was opened , seals broken . After inspecting the game , found out that the lasers are not aligned properly and lucky if it gets through two reflections . It is a poor design that the lasers can not be calibrated or slightly re-aligned . It could have avoided countless returns I 'm sure . So back it goes - again ! Maybe you could be the lucky third recipient of this opened and unusable game .
 Okay , I 'm not a member of MENSA , but I love games like Ticket to Ride and Carcassonne which require strategy and thought so I 'm not a complete mental turnip , either . The problem with Khet is that it 's a lot like chess , which has certain traditional opening moves , but with Khet nobody tells you what those are , and unless you 're the type of person who really enjoys spending a lot of time just figuring out how to play - as opposed to actually playing - this game will bore the hell out of you .
 Unless your Brio set has no hills , you should expect this engine to have trouble . First , on one of the older bridges , the train was too tall , so we had to remove . Next , like other reviewers I just read , this engine has no power . With brand new batteries , and fresh out of the box , it made it up only one hill -LRB- one time -RRB- without some kind of trouble . This was without any trains attached!If you 're going to have hills w / a Brio set , you should not use a battery operated engine !
 I bought this for my little boy and was very disappointed with this engine . It could n't pull the other cars and would get stuck at the bottom of the hill spinning its wheels . It was constantly falling off the track around sharp turns . You would be better off with the smaller engines . This is the first trouble I have had with the Brio and Thomas trains .
 These were on mega sale at our local discount store , and my wife and I both purchased one thinking they would be fun . However neither train can make it up a hill on Brio or other brand tracks . Not even by itself.The train is too long for the curve of the hill , first I tried adding traction to the hill tracks and it almost makes it , but the rubber tires spin , so I glued them , and now the wheels slip on the axle and it still ca n't get up the hill.It 's got a motor / free wheel switch which maybe is not gripping the axle well , but even if it did the tire slipping would cause a failure anyway.Also the motor itself is incredibly loud , and has a tendency to run off the tracks.Eventually I bough the Maxim - RC ENGINE , it makes it up hills with 4 + cars in tow . Has a remote , and sound effects , and does not run off the track much ; oh and at 1/4 the cost . So much more fun , though my son does like to run the red BRIO ahead of the Maxim , it gets stuck and then the Maxim pushes it up the hill .
 This is the only train we have encountered with a `` reset '' button underneath which my son finds more interesting than the train itself . Now the bells and whistles go but the train does not . Why in the world did they put that button there when there are already 4 buttons on top ? And yes , it does drain those batteries quick !
 My 41/2 year old recieved this red engine last Christmas , and for the first couple of months was used practically every day . -LRB- And yes , I agree with the rest of the reviewers - buy rechargable batteries since this engine eats them , and prepare to be disappointed since it can not pull many cars up the hills without getting stuck . -RRB- I will tell you that I can not BELIEVE my son has not touched this engine since . His complaint is that all it does is go around and around . Instead , he enjoys playing out stories from Thomas , or making up his own train sagas . My husband likes to watch the engine more than my son . I do n't know how other children play with their trains , but the battery operated engines just can not hold his attention for very long . Nevertheless , for the first few months , watching it is really mesmerizing , I could watch it for hours . Perhaps instead of buying this one engine , purchase a setup with more cars and track for the same money . It will probably get more use in the end .
 Ok ... so for power ... you know what to expect as this is the same as original that your Typhoon came with ... As for quality ... horrible ... yes . . horrible . I 've been too long sticking to this type , and just building my Typhoon with outer type - at least for power/money it definitely worth it.This is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay overpriced product , and merely delivering ` minimum ' ... Sorry , my time is too valuable to waist it for further description of it from what I 've already said . At least search for 1/2 price if you must really go with gearbox involved motor , or at least twice as much delivering Watts .
 Too complicated and very frustrating . One player continues to get repeat turns while the others wait and wait . This game produced tantrums and hurt feelings in my 3 children -LRB- ages 7 , 7 and 10 -RRB- . We received this game as a gift , and I am planning to return it to the store . Kids do n't need to be quizzed on Disney movies .
 According to my order , this was supposed to be a new item . It is missing parts , there was no plastic wrapping on anything . A token is missing , all of the cards were all over the place in the box . The box did not have any plastic shrink wrap on it . According to the description there are supposed to be more cards and there are empty slots in the the plastic holders in the box.This is clearly used !! Very deceptive
 Very educational - 3 year old daughter loved it . Unfortunately , it did not last . We purchased this in November 2005 & by September 2006 it no longer works . We 're unable to return it -LRB- obviously -RRB- and the manufacturer provided no useful return policy . Oh well , fun while it lasted !
 My mother bought my three sons a v-smile console for Christmas last year and as Grandmas do , went overboard buying every single game she could find . She also purchased extra controllers , charger , adapter , you name it . This toy began powering itself off after the second or third use and never came back on . Exchanged it for a new one that did the same thing . Exchanged THAT for a v-smile pocket hoping for better luck and THAT did the same thing after about 5 uses ! It also would not release the cartridges ! Wrote to v-tech and was continually insulted and patronized by their associates , never been so upset with any company in my life ! I have done research into this and found many other parents say the same ! Look this up , you will find it ! V-tech told me to keep the games and the unit cleaner , now I ask how dirty it could be after a couple of uses ? Complete waste of a lot of Grandma 's money and three heartbroken kids ! I do not recommend !
 I remember when I bought this how angry I was that it did not come with a power adapter . What kind of a company would do that ? Then , the power button did not work . I returned it two times . Same thing ! I 'm sure other parents had the same problem therefore . Indeed , reviews bear this out . This toy or company won awards I think . I could n't believe it ! Several years later , I just tried using it again for my younger children . Now , even the controllers do not work well . The games themselves also have a very low budget `` feel '' to them . The whole thing is junk . As a result , I decided I will never buy any vtech product again , phones included , and have not since . Too , bad , the toy had potential to be a good learning tool .
 Althought the aspect of being able to splash in the water is what drew me to this float , my 10 month old equally enjoyed the ease of climbing out of the float . I bought this for our vacation and because it was so dangerous I ended up holding her the entire time we were in the water ! Buyer beware !!
 I think that the only reason that the manufacturer recommends this `` toy '' for ages 6 and up is to avoid a law suit , they do n't want to be responsible for any baby drownings or injuries . The only thing I can think of that my 7 year old would do with this is to play water frisbee . I used to like products from this manufacturer but if they can not even stand behind their own product safety then it is time to make a return . Do n't buy this if you have n't yet , it is not worth your babies safety .
 I bought this for my 8 month old , and she almost drowned because she can put her face in the water face down very easily with me being right there !!! The mesh fills with water and it is not safe . She could have also crawled out of it if she wanted to . I know on the product it does give that warning . Please do not buy this product !!! It is very dangerous . I have notified the manufacturer of my worries and concerns , so hopefully they can make it safer for us moms .
 My daughter was under 1 year at the time and was able to climb out and nearly flipped . We returned it .
 Tried this one with my 11 month old twins . Both fell forward in it and choked on water-it ca n't be a coincidence since it happened with both of them . Maybe they 're too young ?
 It would be safer to have just held my son . We thought this was cool becasue we would n't have to blow it up , but no ... that 's not the problem , now the problem is he just falls forward so his face is in the water ... ! I 'd much rather waste my breath to blow up a floater so my son can keep his breath free of water . Nice waste of money , if they ever redesign this , the need to try to make it more stable . It 's not like we just stuck him in there once & gave up on it , we 've tried this thing over & over again months upon months to see if maybe it was his age ... nope it 's the item , even when other children try it , it 's the same thing . Please do n't buy this & look away from your child for a second , you could be making a horrible mistake .
 I saw this item for my 14 month old son and thought that it looked fun , safe and convient . When I went to use it my son kept putting his face in the water and choking . Even though this item shows it folds up after each use and just springs open for the next use , you still have to blow it up some and deflate it before you fold it up . If you little one is a explorer or just likes to copy the grown-ups this toy is not for them at all -LRB- I personally think this toy should be taken off the market -RRB- stick to the cute inflatable baby boats .
 If you have an active child , this is not the floation device to buy . My granddaughter almost drowned . The float flipped over and the weight of the float held her head under water . Even with very short reaction time to flip the float back over , she was terrifed and now is afraid of the water . I threw the Baby Spring Float in the trash . I know it is better than most floation products on the market , but I would rather hold her in the pool , than have her drown .
 I ordered this hat for my son , who had been looking for one that WAS N'T adjustable in the back like a baseball cap . Well , because of the description , I thought this was the correct hat . The description did say `` the real McCoy '' ! It is adjustable . VERY DISAPPOINTED.But the shipping was extremely fast . And I really like the fact that it 's made in the USA ! Fortunately , my son liked the hat anyway , and decided to keep it . Hat appears to be very well made , and it looks pretty good in spite of the plastic adjustable strap in the back .
 This hat does not appear to fit any adult I know . Very small . No time to return as needed it for a show . We altered it enough to use in the show .
 Thsi was not the same conductor 's hat I was looking for . It would have helped if there was a picture posted of what it looked like from the back . the one I had a long time ago did not look like a baseball cap from the back .
 I purchased this for use on an adult and it was not only too small it had an adjustable plastic band on the back that would n't catch . There are plenty of `` engineer caps '' on Amazon that are less expensive that are the same quality . I was looking for the `` real thing '' for an adult that would come in different sizes so that the hat actually would fit an adult head -- this one did n't do that . This hat would fit a small adult or a child . The quality is OK for a child , but not as a real engineer 's hat .
 I am not usually one to write reviews , but my son was so disappointed with this product . We ordered the hat to be part of his halloween costume also intending for it to be a hat he could wear on a daily basis . The hat had not been delivered on time , so when calling the company I was told that they did n't know where the hat was at . Even though I had recieved an email saying so and so had mailed the hat . The tracking information always came up as an error . They did give me my money back , but we had no hat for halloween . My son was very disappointed . When the hat finally did show up it was a very cheap hat that we had bought previously at a dollar bin in a major retailer . It did not look at all like the hat shown There are not folds and tucks and it is not made of jean like material . It is not even the color of jeans . It is a dull blue that my son does n't even want to wear . I will never again order from this company . It is not the fact that my son did n't have a hat for halloween , that is really not a big deal . The point is that we thought we were buying a hat that would resemble a train hat and we got a very cheap baseball cap kind of thing .
 I ordered 2 hats , large size , and got one that fit and one that was too small . I contacted customer service and it offered a replacement for the mis-sized hat . Three days later , I got one that was smaller still . I gave up - a waste of time and money .
 We purchased this float for our 20 month old daughter to use in the pool -LRB- the Rhino version is what was sent to us -RRB- . It worked great but the area that your child will be sitting in is kind of wide . We certainly did n't plan on letting our little one float around freely but even holding onto it , if your toddler wiggles a lot , they can easily fall out.It worked , but is not the greatest . Kind of expected that for the price though ; -RRB-
 I bought this along with a magic set for two of my grandchildren , but neither seemed interested , and I found them lying around the house several times . They seemed to understand what it represented , but they just did n't connect it with their play with the magic set .
 My grandson is currently in Korea with his Army family . The magic wand never made it . I gave plenty of time before I wrote , hoping it would get there . The wand was go to with a magic kit . It was very low in value and the shipping was more than the wand . It 's just he never got it for his 5th birthday : -LRB-
 this toy is just horible . it dos n't even do anything . what is the world coming to ? the best thing you can do with it is to play fetch with your dog . -LRB- sticks are much cheaper though ... they are actaully free ! -RRB- well you ca n't even do magic with them .
 I ordered this thinking it was needed for the magic kit I ordered . It was just a plastic stick . One was included . In the kit I ordered .
 `` Lightning '' Spring HorseI purchased this rocking horse for my 19 month Grandaughter at Christmas and by late January the switches located in the ears no longer activated the music or animated horse sounds . It simply did not stand up to the rigors of a child . It was also difficult to attach the springs . I expected for the cost of the item it would last at least a year . Too bad ...
 I bought this for my daughter Christmas 2007 and wish i had n't . There is no way to accurately line up slides but even if you do , the images are horrible . Not color , kinda greyscale images . I just got a call that after a month the thing has not been used to view anything yet . I will cut my losses and toss it given that I didnt keep the packaging after Christmas . Zero stars would be more appropriate .
 I am into a fever of writing reviews on the things we 've bought through Amazon tonight ... This microscope , it 's been a few years now since we bought it and all I can recall is that neither our kids nor we could get it to work for beans . We sent it right back for a refund .
 I 'm very disappointed with both this product and its manufacturer . My son received this as a Christmas gift this year . We were all pretty excited . It was supposed to be a microscope that you can hook up to a computer in order to see what you 're viewing on the screen -- and even take a picture of it . However , it 's the whole concept of hooking it up to a computer that seems to be an issue for the product and , again , the manufacturer . It needs an updated driver . Apparently , this product supports Windows XP and 2000 . Our Windows computers are running Vista . It does n't work at all on the Mac . Anyway , I 'm not a moron . I looked around for an updated driver . The computers at my house did n't even recognize it . It saw that there was new hardware being installed but failed at every attempt to install a driver . The web site for Elenco did n't have anything , so I called the customer support number . When I said I wanted help with a microscope , they transferred me . I spoke to someone who had no clue whatsoever . He told me what I was supposed to do . I told him I 'd done exactly that and even tried it again with him on the phone . He said that another person had managed to do it , but he was out to lunch . He would return my call in 15 minutes . He did not . I called two days later , no answer . I called two days after that . No answer . I left messages both times , but no one has called me back . So this paperweight , as cool as it looks -LRB- with a dissection kit and some pre-made slides -RRB- , is being returned . I tried everything I could . The company let me down , so I do not recommend this product to anyone . They do n't support it anymore , apparently , and they do n't appreciate the people who are suckered into purchasing their products . So be it .
 We love the idea of this table but found several main problems :1 -RRB- Cheaply made -- the legs on aon put his foot through the hole in one of the benches while standing on it , which is very dangerous and if my husband had n't been there to catch him , he would have fallen over with his foot still stuck in the bench3 -RRB- Stains easily -- even crayon marks do n't wipe off easily from the surface of this table and marker stains are permanentAll in all , not happy with this product particularly for the price
 This toy should be in a dollar store . $ 1.00 would be too much.If I could give this toy rating of -LRB- O -RRB- I would have .
 My 5 year old daughter so wanted a detective kit and purchased this with her own money . The plastic handcuffs broke almost as soon as she took them out of the box , the pen was dried out and the glow powder did not work . I ca n't see how the teeny tiny black light could be powerful enough to illuminate anything . Overall a cheaply made and disappointing product . We are returning it .
 Looks like something that you 'd find at the dollar store . Images are ok , just not worth the $ 5 . Sent them back .
 We used to sell this in the magic shop I worked at as a demonstrator . This was rarely ever sold and for good reason . This trick will not fool anyone . The flower is fake looking ... However it might entertain a 3-4 yr old for a minute or two ...
 I ca n't say much yet . I purchased this as a beginning maguc trick for a friend 's daughter . It did arrive very promptly though .
 I had to send this back as soon as I opened it . It comes in a bag , not a box . The cup that the flower `` APPEARS '' from , is so flimsy that it was crushed by another box it was shipped with . It would have never lasted with a child handling it for long .
 Maybe we just got a bad one , but it does n't work . The flower barely fits inside the wand -LRB- too wide -RRB- and gets stuck , and the magnet is n't powerful enough to pull it back out . My son was pretty disappointed with it , luckily it was just a stocking gift !
 What the heck is that ? The package finally arrived , but the flower was missing . . end of storyI got 2 peaces of plastic and a piece of metal for 10 bucks -LRB- shipping incl -RRB- . . could be worse . . But , seriously ?!? . .
 Horrible Staining product . So upset it was used in my house . Be careful of the paintings your children bring home if they have used this paint . If the even get a drop of two of water they will bleed and stain !
 I dont know when or if Fisher Price fixed all the problems with this toy , -LRB- It sounds like they may have with some of the reviews -RRB- but when it was given to my son last Christmas , his father -LRB- who builds computers -RRB- had a hard time putting it together , or should i say keeping it together . My son never even really played with it . After Christmas morning , we moved it into his bedroom where it quickly fell apart again . I got tired of picking up the pieces and trying to fix it , so I just put the whole thing in a rubbermaid box , where it sat until recently when I went through my son 's toys and brought it to good will . What a waste !
 This toy took forever to put together and it fell apart with theslightest movement -LRB- how can a child play with a toy like this ? -RRB- . To the parents out there that are thinking of purchasing this toy , all I have to say is if you value your SANITY , you will run , run fast away from the toy store !
 If I could go back and return unopened the imaginext sets my sons recieved for Christmas , I would do it in a heartbeat ! This is the most frustrating toy we 've purchased in quite some time . It is extremely complicated for an adult to put together much less a child -LRB- mine are 5 and 3 -RRB- . And once we did get it put together in some form , if you moved it the wrong way , it would completely fall apart . They became so frustrated ! Bottom line , it was all my children wanted for Christmas and now it is in a pile of dismanteled pieces -LRB- MANY pieces -RRB- and will probably never be played with again . Do not buy this toy !
 My son got this for christmas and we spent almost 2 hours trying to put it together . It does not snap well into the holes and does not stay together well . Everytime you try and move it , it all falls apart . We ended up returning it , definetely not kid tested .
 The Battle Castle was only one of many Imaginex playsets my 4 year old son received for Christmas . The castle has proven to be impossible for him to play with . It falls apart with the slightest movement , and it is so hard to put back together . However he really likes the firestation and it much more durable . He can actually play with it a while before it comes apart . He has the older version of the FP castle and he has resorted to using the new knights with the older castle . So it hasnt been a total loss . If you have bought this and havent yet opened it return it ... ASAP We only wish we could .
 I bought the imaginext castle because my chidren -LRB- I own a daycare in my home -RRB- wanted a castle . Well I went to get the fisher price one and this is what they gave me . I hated it the minute I opened the box . I cant believe they made something that has NO durabilty at all . The poor kids cant even put a knight on it without some side or piece falling off . I have put this thing together more times in the month I have had it ! would however recommend the orginal castle that does not fall apart , maybe I just dont get the concept of putting the castle they way you want it if its just going to fall apart .
 My 5 year old had gotten this toy as a gift last year and we were very disapointed.The castle falls apart as soon as you touch it . I ca n't believe Fisher Price is still selling this line of toys . For those of you like myself who only expect the best from this company do yourself a favor and stay away . If it is one of those toys you child just has to have under the tree , save the box you will wish you never bought it in the first place .
 This castle takes about 1/2 hour to set up and can be accidently knocked down in about 1 second by barely playing with it . You spend another 10 minutes fixing whatever section came apart and it happens all over again . It is hard to play with this castle without it coming apart . Boys are rough and this toy definately cant stand any rough play . I would not recommend this toy !
 Bought this toy for my 4 year old because it sounded like a lot of fun , a castle and building toy . But building it is a long task and too difficult for a child ! Once built it falls apart durring even the most gentle play -LRB- and as a battle castle is not condusive to gentle play -RRB- . This leaves my son very frustrated . It is frustrating to me as well because i thought it would end up a favorite but spends most of the time in a drawer !
 When we opened this one up last Christmas -LRB- 2002 -RRB- there was a box full of what looked like a million pieces . Fortunately my husband had the patience to sit down with our son and put this together . While it looks cool once you finally figure out how to get it built , it falls apart very easily . Just by playing with the action figures pieces of the castle kept falling off and one time our family cat walked by and rubbed up against it and the whole thing fell apart . My son does n't play with it too much as he finds it too frustrating to try to build on his own and once we help him build it , down it goes again just by trying to play with it !! I would n't buy this one again . For now it just takes up room in a big rubbermaid container with all million pieces thrown inside . So unless you and your child are very patient -- do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 For all of you thinking that there is a chance that this toy will be sturdier than what previous reviews state -- THINK AGAIN !! My son got this item last Christmas along w/the Dungeon and other pieces . I had read the reviews prior to purchase and thought to myself '' Well , it ca n't be that bad . '' Well , it is that bad and to put it bluntly this toy is sitting partially assembled w/a majority of the pieces in a nearbyRubbermaid box . Once assembled , my 5 yr old loves it , but the only problem is that once he shoots a few cannons or does some other type of battle , the castle crumbles -LRB- and this is after we have spent extensive time setting it up in the first place -RRB- ! Purchase this item ONLY if you do n't mind constantly assembling it .
 This item is horrible . It falls apart constantly . We tried hot gluing and superglue , however , NOTHING works . Even our 4-1/2 YR son has told us to throw this out he is so frustrated . The tower on this item is so high it continuously falls off.Part of appeal was you can take Imaginext items & reconfigure them , great concept . However , no matter how you configure them , they ALL fall apart.During assembly notice they do not `` click '' as you would expect . Pieces never lock together , even with the bottom `` base '' pieces.We resorted to putting all the Imaginext on a table for him to play , however , flat surface , bumpy surface , any surface , it falls apart . -LRB- ... -RRB- When a 4-1/2 YR wants you to throw out his toys , somethings wrong !
 We purchased this Castle instead of the Playmobil model because it looked like alot of fun . Intended to be ` built ' , we thought it would encourage our son to use his imagination and be creative . Unfortunately , as soon as we snapped the pieces together , it fell apart before my son had a chance to enjoy it . It is a constant struggle to keep it ` together ' and even with the slightest bump , it comes apart and causes frustration . He has totally lost interest because it does n't stay together long enough for him to become involved in the whole adventure that is supposed to be inspired by such a toy . It has many neat features , and had it stayed together better , I would have given it 5 stars . I wish I had spent the extra money and bought the Playmobil , obviously the better choice .
 Well , I love the ocean and everything in it and about it . My daughters room is decorated with a `` fishy '' theme . However , I was n't impressed with this at all ! First off , the batteries wear out too quick ! And yes , I DID turn it off when she was n't using it . And yes , I DID use new batteries . Also , the fish that `` swim '' get stuck and do n't move and the glitter clumps into one spot . The balls were a hit though ! She loves those !
 This toy looked so cute online but i was very dissapointed once it got here . The fish get stuck all the time , there is even one fish -LRB- the biggest -RRB- that I can not get loose from the top of the bowl . There is some kind of `` grate '' thing at the top that the fish 's fin fits right into and now will not come lose . There is only one `` song '' if you want to call it that and I find it really boring . My girls 3 and 9m could care less about this toy . they could have done much more with this bowl !
 This is a very attractive toy . The ocean sounds are so realistic you feel as if you were on the beach . That is my impression . My grandson -LRB- 10 months -RRB- however has a different view.For the first day or so after the toy arrived he would pick the balls up and hold them in his hands while trying to get the little items inside to spin around . However , they would only spin once or twice and stop . He would push the bowl around and listen to the ocean sound for a bit but it was too heavy for him to get it to make the splashing sound . I had to jiggle the bowl in order for him to hear that . He never quite got the `` dropping the balls in the bowl '' part . He would drop them in and nothing , to him anyway , would happen so that ended pretty quick.He has n't played with it since that first day or two after it arrived.I would not recommend this product unless you are looking for a nice item to put on your child 's shelf .
 My son never seemed to take an interest in this toy . I liked the water motion and quiet music . I thought that maybe he would play with it when he was old enough to put the balls in the bowl but again he never played with it .
 This toy was a gift from my daughter 's aunt . We bought her duaghter the same toy ! I thought she would like it ... and she did for about five minutes ! All it does is light up and play a song . My daughter plays with the balls more than the actual toy . Not a very good idea . What is the point of this toy ? Also , it is extremely heavy , which makes it kind of dangerous !!
 I bought this toy for my 6-month old for Christmas last year . She really did n't play with it that much . She is now 17 months old , and to this day this toy has not interested her at all . It is still on the shelf , in perfect condition . I 've gotten it out for her periodically , but this toy does not appeal to her .
 I just got this toy for my six month old daughter and I can not recommend it . Here is why : The batteries do n't last at all -LRB- empty after ten days -RRB- It is way too heavy , my daughter can already pick it up and if she drops it on her head it will really hurt her.The lights and music come on by the slightest touch or vibration , she does not have to do anything to help her learn -LRB- like putting the balls in the middle -RRB- - just me walking by will make it come on .
 My son received this toy as a Christmas gift . A few days later , I heard an eerie , low groaning sound coming from the playpen long after my kids had gone to bed . It seems that the combination of the fish bowl 's very easily activated motion sensor and its lack of an automatic shutoff feature had caused the toy to play constantly until the batteries just died . Now that they 've been replaced , my boys are thrilled , but I have to make sure to flip the switch ` off ' about ten times a day .
 My daughter is 61/2 months old . She 's been sitting up for at least 2 weeks . She laughs at this toy when I activate the music . She picks up the balls if I hand them to her . Otherwise , she is NOT interested . Things may change ... but so far , I like this more than she does .
 This toy is good for a very limited age span . My daughter played for with it for about a month and then became bored of it . It is very heavy for a small child to carry around . This is a toy that looks really neat untill you get it home and realize there 's not much to it ! Save your money !!!
 I got this for my 6 mth old and all he did was want to put the balls in his mouth . From other reviews I see that babies older than 6 months like it not 6 mth . olds . I do n't know why it is labeled for children 6 + , it should be 9 +
 I have one , but the batteries corroded the metal connector . How do I get the feet off , so I can replace the contacts ? Any advise is appreciated . Tx
 We bought this for my 31/2 year old son , and there is just not enough to keep his attention . He already knows his numbers and letters , and ends up pushing the wrong answer just to see what will happen . I was surprised at how `` shallow '' the levels are . Given the suggested age range of 3 -6 , I expected there to be more challenges , and that the game would get progressively more difficult.One example of this game is a `` which does not belong '' screen that will show three trees and a shoe , or something like that . This is a great game for smaller children , but presents no challenge to my 31/2 year old . I can see how younger children would enjoy it , although it might be difficult for them to push the appropriate buttons , etc. I have never written a review before , but was so disappointed with this expensive purchase that I wanted to write in . I know that most reviewers rave about this toy , but I definitely advise to spend some time with it in the store before purchasing .
 casey is the dummest robot toy . hes kinda handsome . hes way dummer than see and say . hes really fat . hes so ugly he dosent have a girlfriend . i dont know why he always teaches dumb stuff . i dont reccomend this because its so babyish
 My son received this as a Christmas present when he was 3 . I also have a 5 year old son . My 3 year old has never shown any interest in this toy . My five year old has played with it briefly about 2 times . Kasey sits and collects dust in our toy room . I feel bad that Grandma paid so much money for a toy that has not been used by either of my boys . My boys enjoy educational computer games and I think Kasey was a little boring for them compared to the computer . To be honest , I found him a little boring compared to the educational software that we have as well !
 I gave this toy a 1 star for fun because no one in my house and neighbors has played with it for more than a couple of minutes , Except my 4 year old son battles Kasey and the Fisher Price Resuce Hero robot URV . My 3 year old daughter was fasinated with the display at the store . Trying to avoid buying her more Barbie products , I thought this would be a good choice . It turns out , she is not that interested in its wonderful capabilities . Santa even velcroed a pink bow to his head to feminize it . Oh well , mom enjoys Kasey 's humor , but my childrendo not .
 My 3 year old son received one of these for his birthday . We were excited to try it out but right away there was a problem . When Kasey spoke the `` learning '' part was quiet but all of a sudden it made these weird sound effects that were extremely loud . The sound effects are so loud that they make you not even want to play with it and the educational parts you practically have to lean in to here . And if that was n't bad enough when you do n't push a button fast enough it gives you attitude . I honestly do n't know what they were thinking when they made this one . If your child wants a robot do n't buy this one . If you are looking for an educational toy buy a LeapPad or something else .
 Do n't buy this item ... I juSt bought it and can NOT get anyhting for it because Fisher Price has DISCONTINUED this item as well as ALL of the cartridges !!!! I paid FULL price -LRB- $ 59.99 -RRB- for this item and 2 -LRB- $ 19.99 / EACH -RRB- of the 5 cartridges that were offered . When I called Fisher Price I was told `` Sorry Ma'am , there is nothing I can for you '' They have my money so they no longer care ! DON `` T BUY THIS KASEY KINDERBOT !!!!!!!!!
 If you already have a Pixter or a LeapPad , this toy wo n't win your child 's preference . If you do n't have a Pixter or LeapPad , get one of those instead.To begin with , the thing is ergonomically ridiculous . This toy stands on the floor and has four buttons on the front that your child is supposed to push to make things happen based on what 's on the screen . The screen is a cheap , dim LCD that 's hard to read unless your child lays tummy down . In which case pushing the buttons is awkward and tends to knock the toy over -LRB- or at least make it slide backward -RRB- . That gets tiring , so they wo n't play long.Our kids quickly decided that the best fun they could have was randomly pushing the buttons . For a while . Pixter and LeapPad , meanwhile , are still being used ...
 None of my 3 kids liked this toy . They simply did not care ! I think a regular ball is more fun than this . If you leave it on and it 's tippped ever so slightly on the sensor part inside , it will sit there and go off everytime you walk by it . OY .
 We took this to the beach and did n't use it once . It got warm inside it and my three month old would not use it . It may be better for him as a toddler or in the house , but not as a baby at the beach . We ended up using a bigger tent that I could sit in and hold him instead .
 This tent does what it claims to do , but it takes a lot of energy to put the poles together & set up the tent . If you use it rarely , or leave it set up , this really is n't a problem . If , however , you need to tend to baby while setting up the tent , good luck . Wait until there is a second person around to help you with the job.I found a slightly larger tent for a cheaper price at Fred Meyer . The one I found -LRB- I 'm returning this one -RRB- simply pops open with one hand & folds/twists shut -LRB- like those round windshield shades -RRB- .
 Contrary to the Amazon description , this play tent does not offer any UV protection . Nowhere on the packaging does it mention SPF or UV protection . Misleading and disappointing .
 For our first child we had the quick cabana we loved it !! It however only survived two years with an active toddler , two dogs and a cat . This time we opted for a cheaper version intended for the beach . It is awkward to put up especially on a windy beach . You have to watch the direction of the sun because sun gets through all sides . The vecro closure is a pain . To weigh the tent down we had to put our beach bag in it not leaving much room for our nine month old . If you are looking for a tent for little ones to play inside and intend to keep it up this is the tent for you . If you want a tent for the beach or just to be outside . Go for the quick cabana . We loved that tent and wish we would have spent the extra money . This tent for us has become a playroom tent . You get what you pay for . Wish we would have gone with the quick cabana
 This tent was actually great for the time that it lasted . Problem is that that was only 2 days . One piece of the flexing plastic poles that form its frame broke , rendering the whole tent unusable . Would recommend paying more for something more robust .
 My son was 10 months old when I purchased this for outdoors . He kept trying to get out of it by trying to get through the sides , so it would end up tipping over with him in it . Maybe this is good if you have a passive baby , but not so active.I did n't give it 2 stars for durability or educational either . I give it 1 all around .
 It was pretty easy to assemble , but we tried to use it for the beach with our 4 month old and it was n't a success . It kept blowing away , was n't 100 % sun protection and it was hot inside . When it blew away we got sand all over the little guy - which was a BUMMER ! It would be nice if it had little pockets on the side so you could shovel sand into it . For an infant and beach use , not the best purchse for us . Probably good for parks and when it is a bit cooler .
 I really thought this would be a better product then it was
 The poles bent when I was putting it together . I have since seen tents that are easier to put together with one pull of a string . This is easy to store in the bag they give you . But I would n't recommend this product .
 Once put together , this tent is exactly what we wanted . The issue is actually getting it assembled . It took two people to get the poles into their holders . We were hoping to bring this to the beach with us but I ca n't imagine trying to get it set up while our little one is sitting in the sun . I think it 's worth it to pay slightly more money and get a pop-up tent .
 We were very pleased with the item until my husband saw my daughter chewing on one of the frame pieces and decided to use an at-home lead test to test it . Sure enough , it tested positive for lead ! Not acceptable .
 I hate to write a negative review ... I had such high hopes for this little tent . But the truth is , there is no way to secure it in the sand or prevent your little guy or girl from tipping it over again and again.The tent itself seems very strong and well-made . However , the poles do n't dig down into the sand , and there are no pouches on it to fill with sand to weight it down . From what I hear , the Infant Cabana from One Step Ahead -LRB- although more costly -RRB- is a much better way to go . I guess you get what you pay for.My son was able to play with his toys in this tent , but once he saw people outside , he was pushing on the mesh screens to try and get to us , and the tent just kept tipping over . Very frustrating and NOT relaxing at all . We spent a week at the beach and used it only once before we realized it was pretty much useless.If I had it to do over again ... I 'd try One Step Ahead . I 've never been disappointed by them . Should 've known better .
 The Description Says It is for kids up to two years old , but my child easily tips this over at sixteen months by pushing on the walls , not safe at all . If the tent had not been sitting partially under my kitchen table , my kid would have slapped his face right into the tile floor . Reading one of the other posts about this product containing lead , it 's going back for sure .
 I am very unsatisfied with the portable play tent . I bought for my 9 month old son for outside in our backyard and for an upcoming trip to the beach . Unfortunately , we will not be able to take to the beach if the company does n't help me out !! First of all , I was disappointed that the outside flap is secured in five places with velcro . A 9 month old is old enough to figure out how to get out of the tent when velcro is the only thing between him and the outside . The writeup on Amazon said that the tent was for kids birth-3 years . On the outside of the tent box , it says that it is for babies birth-9 months . Also , when I put the tent up the last time , the pole splintered in the middle , so I can not use the play tent at all now . I have not called the company yet , but I am hoping that they replace the pole at no cost to me . We have only used the tent 3 times . I have a different tent for my older son , so I already knew how to use the poles , so the pole did not break because I did n't know what I was doing . I think it was just defective . Overall , I think the tent is a waste of money , but I would like to be able to use mine since I have already wasted my money !
 I bought this tent for my 41/2 month old because it stated on the description that it offered UV protection . We were going on a family vacation and I needed something to protect the baby while on the beach . This product is a waste of money if you need it for the outdoors :1 . It does not say UV protected anywhere on the packing - this is a lie . I contacted the company twice about this and they can not provide me with an answer . They will not confirm or deny it , which is false advertising .2 . There is no way to anchor the tent . The tent was blowing all over the place . I had to put bags inside to weigh it down . I did n't even put my baby in there for fear she would blow away . I brought it to the beach the first day and did n't even bother bringing it back.If you want the tent for play indoors it should be fine but do not expect to use it outdoors especially if it is windy or sunny .
 we bought this nursery tent to take to the beach with us to protect our 9 month old son from the sun . we liked the mesh netting which allowed air to flow through the tent . however , one day was pretty windy and the anchors provided are not sturdy enough to secure it . the wind toppled it over with our son lying inside . it did n't blow away or very far since we were sitting right next to it , but it still toppled over . i would n't recommend it for a trip to the beach !
 I got this for my 15 mt old daughter for Christmas . I am most disappointed with the lack of sturdiness of the plastic base pieces . Also , there are levers that you can flip down under the piano part that is supposed to keep the piano steady instead of letting it rock . My piano levers did not work and the piano always rocks . The long piece that runs from the piano base out to hold the seat part is very flimsy and bends quite easily . The seat itself does not fit properly onto the long plastic piece that is supposed to hold it . The screws to attach the long piece to the piano and the screws to attach the seat were very difficult to work with and they never did go in right . My daughter does love to play the keys on the piano and the music is quite nice but the design of the seating section needs some improvement .
 My daughter has been playing with the Fisher Price Grand Piano which is by far better than this piano . Fisher Price Grand Piano has the keys light up , has different modes for music , learning -LRB- numbers 1-8 , colors , pitch , and rhythm -RRB- , also you can play the piano by tapping the individual keys.This particular Rock and Roll Piano does n't light up , plays different types of musical instruments , but the keys are n't as fun to play . My daughter played it a few times and went straight back to the Grand Piano . Consider buying that one instead .
 The tent seems to be good . But the tunnel does not fit well into the tent . Just comes off too easily when the kids try to crawl through it . Would find a better tent tunnel combination that holds up strong .
 I would not recommend this toy to anyone ... My daughter got it for her first birthday . She liked the noise it made . She stood up to push it and it took off really fast . She bumped into another toy and it tipped over forwards . She flipped right over with it onto her head ... I am packing it up and taking it back to the store right now . The toy ruined her first birthday party by her getting hurt ... I recommend you do not buy this item ...
 I had this for my daughter and it was cute and all . However , when the V was opened and she would walk , if she would lean to right or left the thing would flip right or left . Get ready for a crying toddler . The front wheels are closer together than the back wheels , same idea as a 3 wheeler was when they were legal ... this thing had the tendency to fall over each side of the V. I would not recommend this . I sold it at my yard sale . I just got another one as a gift from family and I will be returning it .
 My son likes this toy , but the back wheels keep falling off ! Every time he runs into an object with it , one of the back wheels falls off , and the thing falls over on him , and he ends up under it . No matter what we do , we ca n't push them in so that they stay on , even when we hear them `` click '' into place . Also , when we try to put the sides together to let him ride on it , the latch that keeps it open is so tight that it takes two of us to switch it . It was a gift , so we ca n't take it back to the store , but I am going to contact Fisher Price about the wheel problem .
 My daughter whom is 10 months old and is on the verge of walking received this as a gift . Its cute and she loves putting the balls in the hoop and getting them out again . The problem is when she gets up and pushes it she has to nearly run behind it where as she falls to her knees . It would be alot better if she could push it instead of it dragging her .
 We bought this for our 1 year old . He loves the music but there are 2 design flaws that prevent it from being used more . First , when closed for a ride-one toy , his feet drag . There are little returns spouts for the balls , but the are not big enough to put his feet in for rolling . They also limit his ability to walk/pedal it . Second , when the seat is open , the wheels are not open far enough apart . Therefore each step forward is kicked directly into the wheels . This is cute , but if your kid has legs , you should keep shopping .
 We bought this for our 9 month old so it could help him to give his first steps . Once ge tried to use it , the walker slipped and he fell and hurt himself . The wheels have basically no friction so this is definetely not the toy for those babys strating to give their firs steps .
 I purchased this for my 1 year old daughter . I just want to say that this toy is dangerous and I hope they take it off the market . It is too heavy in the front and not enough weight in the back so when your `` not yet walker '' tries to push it , it topples over and my daughter did a summer sault over the toy and nearly hurt herself !!! I am calling Fisher Price . DON `` T BUY THIS !
 We bought this toy for our son , and with in 10 minutes realized it needed to return to the store . He is just learning how to walk , and this is not the toy to help a child learn stability . Not only did he have a difficult time pulling himself up due to it moving , when he did it rolled away leaving him face down . For me , this falls under the do n't waste your money .
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas . She ejoyed it at first , but we soon discovered it is very front heavy . She kept tipping FOrward and hurting herself . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!!
 My son is just turning 10 mos & I thought this would be a good toy to help him explore walking . Well he wanted nothing to do with it . He fell off several times trying ride it . I ca n't imagine a much older child trying to ride it . It is very low to the ground . He did enjoy throwing the balls down the hallway & under the furniture . For the price I will just go buy him some balls to play with . Also it is extremely hard to take apart to return . Whew what a work out .
 My daughter is a year old . We got the walker a few months ago . My husband put it together , we helped our daughter hold on to the handle and it flew out from under her like a bullet!She would sometimes crawl behind it and push it . But , she got bored with that . Now that she has started walking she does n't pay any attention to it . We fixed it where she can sit on it and push herself along , but her legs are too short . She threw balls into the basket a couple of times , but she has another toy that she can throw balls in that she likes a lot better.Also , the annoying music comes on so easily . All you have to do is walk near it and it goes off.We 're getting her something different soon .
 My son was never able to use this toy for a walker . The speed of the toy never allowed him to push it as he learned to walk . I would much prefer a walker with a speed control . The height of the toy was also a challenge for my son . As a walker , he had to bend over to far , and as a ride on he sits to low to the ground . My son is tall for his age , but he has not been able to use the toy for a walker or ride on from age 8 months to 16 months . He is now to tall to use it at all .
 We bought this walker for our son when he was 10 months old . It 's terrible and I am surprised that Fisher-Price would market such a dangerous toy ! It 's too heavy in the front and tips easily . If you use it on a hard floor , it moves way too fast for a beginner walker . My son tried to walk with it and fell flat on his face ! The wheel popped off a couple of times . And the space between the two legs is too narrow and my son kept getting his feet caught in the legs!The only saving grace to this terrible toy is the fact that my son likes to press the nose to hear the music!VERY DISAPPOINTING!Kathy - mom to 2 yr old
 We gave this to my 8 mth . old and I have to agree that it does go too fast and he had a hard time keeping up , thus he ended up falling . He also ca n't change directions , so basically he goes until he runs into something . Also , it does flip forward from time to time when he leans on it as well . When he falls or it flips , he sometimes bumps his chin on the handle which is too rough for that reason -- probably needs to be made of rubber . Sometimes his feet bang against the legs of the walker as he 's moving and causes him to fall . He does enjoy the balls and putting them in the basket . The music is quite entertaining . It is a durable product , but not as safe as I would have liked . He has n't used it yet to ride on , so I ca n't speak for that aspect .
 I recieved this toy as a gift and i was very upset when i opened the box ! it is puiny compared to the adds for it and the picture on the box ... the wheels move way to fast and my daughter fell and hurt her chin ! i returned this toy in 2 days of buying it . . waste of money needless to say ...
 I 've never written a review on an item , but I will on this one . My daughter is about 1 year old and this product is not very good for a baby learning to walk . As soon as she pushed it into a wall and leaned forward the whole thing almost flipped over . Could have caused a serious injury had I not been right there . I do n't see how it has such a high rating by other users .
 I got this for my sons 1st birthday . As of yet he wo n't attempt to try the walker feature anymore because everytime he 's tryed to stand up and use it , it speeds off in front of him . It needs some resistance -LRB- maybe on carpet would be better ? -RRB- Very disappointed because i got it for him to learn to walk . The sit ride on feature does n't interest him to much either . He can push to go backwards but has n't figured out going forward yet . The ball in the hoop has n't clicked on to him either . The one thing he does love is the music and lights but that only attracts his attention for a very short while . I hope it grows on him as everyone else seems to love it .
 We bought this toy for our 10 month old to help her learn to walk . As many people have stated it is way too fast to help build confidence . This is particuliarly problematic with hardwood floors . While it is attractive and complementary to other Fisher-Price toys we have enjoyed , its purpose is to help learn to walk . Since it was a hazard we put it away . Now that our daughter is 14 months old and an adept walker we got it out as a riding toy . It is also a bad rider . It is so close to the ground her legs are too long to effectively make it go forward . When she does get going the big wheels in the back further hinder her movement . She tried it with the seat open , she tried pulling it backwards , she tried using it while kneeling and scooting with the other leg . While none of these are its intended mode she was trying hard to get some fun out of it . I hesitate to even drop it at goodwill . It functions as stated . Its just ergonomically very poorly designed . Evidently it has been good for some people but it has been a disaster for us .
 i am writing to let you know i am not happy with this toy , , , my 14 month old grandson almost broke his foot when it became lodged , thought i would let you know , wanted to know if it can be returned , so this does not happen again,,,,,thank-you joanne gordon
 I was so excited for my 1 year old to practice walking with this toy , thinking that she would be so encouraged by the constant funky music . My 3 year old was `` helping '' me put it together for her . The problem was that the music only played when the nose button was pushed and not at any other time as it 's supposed to do ! The kids got bored with it within minutes . Unfortunately , once it 's assembled , it ca n't be taken apart for return purposes so I lost my money . I would purchase another walker instead if I were you -LRB- one that 's returnable -RRB- .
 My baby boy loves this toy . I think the toy is unsafe without perental supervision . First of all , there is nothing to slow it down . My child starts walking with the toy , and then Zooooom , it 's speeding away and my baby is falling down on his face and chest . Bottom line is that something need to be included that will slow the wheels down for baby 's learning to walk . Second of all , if my child runs into something with the toy ... say the chair , and keeps pushing , the toy will flip forward . This causes my child to fall forward , onto the toy , hurting himself . If your unable to totally supervise the baby while he/she is playing with this toy , do n't buy it ... . Really .
 My daughter received this toy when she was about 11 months old and we eventually had to throw it in the garbage !!! Every single time she bumped into the wall or a piece of furniture it would nose dive and she would end up with her belly in the `` v '' section of the walker flying like superman ! I ca n't tell you how many times the toy flipped over and she was hurt and crying hysterically ! I am seriously shocked at how many people love this toy !! Obviously it is top heavy and not very safe for a new walker ! My opinion is save your money and try a different push-ride on toy .
 My son never took to this toy . The `` ball game '' portion of this scooter/push toy was the highlight of the whole toy and that kept his interest only a few minutes , then it could have been just any old ball . He is in the 90 % for size and it was too awkward to be a push-toy -LRB- he tripped over the wheel walls -RRB- & there is very little room for legs and feet if you want to use it as a scooter.Sorry , but for us ... this toy was a big thumbs down .
 My child could not use this as a walker . The protruding arms that are used later on for them to ride did not give her enough room to walk in between them . I took it back .
 We got this for my son 's first birthday and he seemed very interested in it . We tried to show him to put the balls through the hoop but he saw where the went and would just stick them in the holes instead , which is fine but the music does n't play that way . Also he gets bored with it because the balls go out the back and he does n't want to put the balls in the hole then get up and find out which hole they came out of in the back.We tried to get him to use it as a walker to perfect his walking skills but the design is poor , not enough space for little legs to walk , so he kept kicking the different parts of it and would get frustrated . When he would walk with it at all he could n't figure out how to turn it around so we would have to walk along after him and pick it up to turn it around for him , which was somewhat distracting to him to say the least.When we tried to get him to ride on it he would try to use his feet and do it himself , but again , he ended up kicking the wheels instead and and then when it would go at all , the back wheels would run up on his feet and ankles.This seemed like a really good idea and has gotten some very great reviews , one of the main reasons we got the toy . And maybe it is great for some children , just not mine . My son seems to enjoy the balls that came with it more than the toy itself . And maybe my son is just a little too big for it , he is a little above average for his age , but I did n't think it would matter this much.As far as recommending this toy , I think it depends on each child . You know your child and their skills , personality , and size . You should make a decission based on that . Good luck , I hopes this review proves to be helpful .
 We purchased this toy for our 10 month old son who was already happily cruising on the furniture . We thought this would help him ` cruise ' around the house . Instead he wound up on his face more often than not . The wheels go WAY too fast , and it was only safe to use when we were walking behind him and holding on to the handle so it did n't run away . The basketball feature was promising until we realized the balls come out the back end . What a dumb idea ! It 's as if the balls were there ... . and now they 're gone forever.Ours is taking a trip back to the store .
 I bought this for my 10-month old daughter who was just starting to pull up on everything in the house . I thought this toy would be great to help her walk . But the wheels are extremely slick and have no traction -LRB- do NOT use on tile or wood floors -RRB- and have absolutely no resistence to them . Every time my daughter would try and pull herself up using this toy it would start rolling backwards and if I helped her stand and hold onto it the wheels rolled so quickly when she tried to walk forward that the toy would get away from her . That really frightened her ! Also , the music is annoying and LOUD , without a volume control and the slightest little thing sets this toy off.Overall , the concept is OK , but if you do get this toy -LRB- which I do not recommend -RRB- make sure you hold onto it at ALL times when your child is playing with it if they are standing or else they are going to fall on their face when the toy rolls away from them .
 Bought this for my daughter when she was starting to cruiseShe was never able to use it to walk bc it goes too fast . She did enjoy sitting on it , but it was pretty useless since it can only go straight and a 1 + yr old is n't really capable of figuring out how to get up and turn it around manually . She would end up riding on it until she could go no further and then just getting up and walking away . It has been a thoroughly diappointing purchase . . I have only one positive comment
 As a mother of 4 , this was our worst walker . Too small for them to actually use as a stabilizer when learning to walk . Then , too small to use as a ride on . The legs open to walk , close to ride . When open there was n't enought room to step . While the music & lights were entertaining , all of our other toys are too ! The worst part is that when put the ball in the front , it comes out underneath in the back . Our kids always cried wondering where the ball went . We highly recommend the very simple little tykes car as a very strudy ride-on/walker . It comes in pink or blue with the right hight handles on the back for pushing , it wo n't tip over , & is big enough to use a ride-on !
 We bought this toy as a walker for our son to aid him . The wheels have no way of slowing down the walker so it did n't help him at all . If he leaned on it , it just moved out from under him while he was trying to hold on for support . Also with the seat in the `` apart '' position , it 's impossible for the child to stand close to the handle bar so his hands are way out in front of him trying to hold on . And then it just zips out from under him . I 'd say if you want a ride-on toy , then it 's fine . If you want assistance for learning to walk well , pick a different toy .
 I seem to be a minority as far as not liking this walker . When we got this for our then 11 month old , I had high hopes . While he loved the smiley face and the balls , the purpose of the walker fell short . In the walker mode , the legs open for beginning walkers but the `` handle '' area is a bit awkward for those kids who are unsteady and unsure and there was n't a lot of space for those awkard steps toddlers take . My son preferred to push the walker around because of this . In addition , the wheels move very quickly , especially on hardwood floors which prompted our son to fall a lot , the song feature is loud and obnoxious , and while the ball idea is neat , as another reviewer noted , the balls dump out in the back , making it difficult for little ones to retrieve them.As far as walkers go , spend your money on the Radio Flyer walker wagon . It 's sturdy , it is designed to help little guys walk with control because the wheels have a feature that keeps the speed down , and the wagon itself is functional . It has kept my 15 month old very busy , loading and unloading . In my opinion , you 'll have the Radio Flyer longer and your child will enjoy it more .
 The music sensor is TOO sensitive . You walk on the floor a little too hard the annoying music goes off ! I do n't mind the musical toys at all but this one is ANNOYING . The balls should go toward the front once they roll into the basket . My almost 12 month old could n't find them . He looked in the front . It is not easy to walk with or ride on . It is VERY DIFFICULT to move the blue seat apart to become a ride on or a walker . It is most difficult to pry the legs apart to make it a walker . My strong husband had a difficult time . He 's an engineer and said it is not designed well at all . This also tips over easily . My son was behind it and the music went off , he bent forward to find the music and he went head over heals with the toy on top of him . I gave it 3 stars for durability because we have n't had a problem with it falling apart but it tips easily to me that 's not durable .
 My 10 month old got this walker as a gift . She loves it , but I stopped letting her use it because I think it is dangerous . It has fallen on top of her a few times . The last time she fell , her legs got entangled in the sides of the walker and she hit her head on the floor . That was the last time she will ever use it .
 I got this when our baby was 5-6 months old . He enjoyed sitting on it and pushing it around . Unfortunately as other parents have reviewed this item , you can not leave you kid alone when he/she is riding on this since he can easily topple over . It is light in a sense that my baby just lifted the whole thing with one hand ! Also , the wheels have nothing to slow it down that it moves faster than your baby can walk . He/she will end up squat on his face if he/she lets go . If the front wheel hits a snag , it becomes a pivoting point then the whole body acts like a trebuchet toppling your baby forward.If you can fully supervise your baby , this is a good one otherwise I would not recommend it . We had to return ours for the sake of safety of our baby .
 This toy has the most obnoxious song . It plays over and over with the slightest movement . . I have bought many toys and this is by far the bigest wasted of money .
 my son loved the music & the throwing the balls .
 I got this walker for my daughter because I thought it was cute . The walker is horrible ! It has a button that needs to be pushed while you push the two legs together , impossible for one person alone . The button on mine would n't go down , making it impossible for it to turn into a rider . It 's not sturdy or worth the money I spent so I returned it .
 I purchased this walker as a christmas gift for my 9 mo. old son . I wanted a toy that would aid in his learning to walk as well as a fun toy . After assembling -LRB- which was very simple -RRB- , we found that this toy 's lightweight frame and lack of tension on the large wheels causes it to go too fast and the child to topple forward . This toy is NOT MADE FOR BEGINNERS ... BEWARE !!
 This was a sincere waste of money ; the directions are not clear and as a result you are just left with three red sponge balls
 I bought this tent for a birthday party . At a birthday party kids run around , play rough and bounce everywhere . This is what these tents are supposed to be for
 We bought the Ocean Wonders Aquarium for our second child , because our first born still used his Peaceful Planet Aquarium to sleep at night . The original Peaceful Planet Aquarium is much nicer ! The Ocean Wonders plays & quot ; yanni style & quot ; music and the bubbles/moving fish are so noisy that you can barely hear the music . I wish they still made the Peaceful Planet Aquarium !
 I recently had to replace my Peaceful Planet Aquarium with the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . I am not pleased with the Ocean Wonders , it is obnoxiously loud , there is nothing `` peaceful '' or `` aquatic '' about the aquarium . Needless to say I am returning the Ocean Wonders and purchasing another Peaceful Planet off of Ebay .
 I can not believe so many people actually like this version !!! The music is more suited to a funeral , then to soothing a baby !!!! The motor is so loud , I can hear it in my bedroom !!! Even my 19 year old son said , that it was terrible compared to the first aquarium !!! My 18 month old son does n't find it nearly as interesting as the old one . Sometimes it pays to NOT improve a product !!!!!
 this product is not available at the store and must be purchased online so you pay extra for shipping and do n't get to inspect before you buy . Apparently Fisher Price does n't know that Bumpers on an infant crip do n't leave room for the verticle straps this product requires . I was able to return the toy to the store but I was still out the cost of shipping . I suppose I could have waited until my baby was old enough to lover the mattress , but she 's got sleeping issues now .
 I went out a specifically bought this for may daughter because I did n't get it as a shower gift . We have fish tanks in the house and I thought it would be fun for her to have her ` own ' . But the bubble are so loud that I only use the music part of it . A bit disappointing because I though the bubble would be the best part ! But the music is nice . The natural sounds are so soothing . Luckily there are options to turn the bubbles off .
 We love this toy , it has been in my son 's crib since he is a few weeks , and at almost 2 he still loves it . Cute , entertaining , and interactive . I think it is a must have .
 I had the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium when my 41/2 yr . old daughter was an infant and it was a lifesaver . I saved it for my next baby but received the new Ocean Wonders Aquarium as a shower gift . I hate it ! The music is creepy and when you run the bubble feature it is so LOUD and makes a clunking sound . Instead of calming my son he gets agitated . I kept it in his crib just to give him something to look at until one night I woke up to his screams and found him with his head trapped between his mattress and the bottom of this thing . Out with the new and in with the old . If you 're interested in this item I would recommend finding the old version in a resale shop or at a garage sale .
 My friends recommended this product , but we had a bad experience with it . First of all , the bubble setting makes a rather loud noise and my son had trouble falling asleep . Second , and the most painful , once my son learned to roll over and scoot around , he kept hitting the bottom of the toy with his head and needless to say was getting really upset about it . We kept it in his crib for about 3 weeks and now it 's stored in the closet . It was not the best investment for us .
 I have been searching for a fishbowl crib toy for my daughter for a while now . I came across this particular one , and the seller 100 % GUARANTEED my satisfaction ! BULL ! Seller claimed that all toys were tested prior to shipping , guess they forgot this one ?? The entire right side has no working bubbles , the big fish in the middle does not move at all . Seller also claimed there were no scratches or marks , yet theres a scratch on the bottom , and what looks like yellow and pink marker on it . I am so disappointed its unreal !!!
 The aquarium is great to look at and listen too , but I have found that I am constantly having to replace the batteries . My daughter is n't even in her crib that often and yet the few times I use the aquarium , I am always replacing the batteries . It seems like so many baby items require batteries now , what happened to wind up items ? It is lots of fun , but I find it somewhat inconvenient to keep it in working order . They should have had a wind up version maybe with a solar powered light .
 We were intially looking for something like the peaceful planet fish tank we had with our oldest . Could n't find it so we got this thinking it would be as soothing . The motor is too loud to hear the music if you choose to have the lights and movement on . The lights do n't give out enough light to show the fish moving and the fish do n't move the way you would think .
 I was so excited to receive this for my shower but was extremely disappointed when I could not use it because it did not mount to the sleigh bed style crib we have for our daughter .
 This toy has been a safety hazard for us . My son 's head got trapped between the toy and his mattress .
 My friend daughters loves this and she said i had to have it when i was pregnanat with my daughter.i really do not like it . its not an intresting toy . she never paid an attention to it . also it eats batteries which i hated too . but i really hated the most that it had no remote system at all . the music only plays for ten minutes and it has no remote so just as she was starting to quiet down it would go turn off and you have to go in there and turn it back on which would make her cry again . i stopped turning at all . nows she is 21 months and she turns it on by her self but the batteries go so fast i had to take it out and i dont use it any more . glo worm has same type of product but it plays up to 20 mins and she likes that one .
 We had the Fisher Price Kick and Play bouncer and thought we would try the Aquarium . Big mistake . First the bouncer was so high up we thought he might fall . Also the Aquarium was so large and did not fit properly in the bouncer we were scared it would fall and hurt our child . We returned it immediately .
 I bought this toy because I heard that babies love it . I had it for 9 days before the fish stopped swimming . The music is also really weird . This product was definately a waste of money . I do n't think I will buy anything from fisher price again .
 I bought this for our son after seeing the commercial on TV & the glowing ratings here -LRB- to bad I didnt look at the bad ratings first -RRB- . When it arrived the first dissapointment was to see the item was made in China - this promted my curiosity about the `` water '' in the toy , I went to the Fisher Price web site & found it unbelievable that they have NO WAY to contact them via e-mail ! The next frustration was that of several others here that the straps were to short for our nice crib -LRB- newer convertible type -RRB- . Being in a foul mood at this point I had my wife call their customer no service # to discuss the water & if they had longer straps -LRB- they dont have the straps - dont these people test their products in the real world ? I think not -RRB- . Their reply as to the safety of the water was that is was `` proprietary '' information & could not be disclosed ! After many atempts to get info on this & talking to a `` supervisor '' same answer . We think this is totally uneceptable & will not be buying any Fisher Price products in the future -LRB- which we told them but they dont seem to care -RRB- . I would have sent this thing back except I foolishly had trashed the packageing already .
 I thought that this toy was cute but that is it . I think that this was the stupidest toy ever , It did nothing . My baby did n't even look at it . It is so heavy that if it were to fall of the crib while it was attached , the baby would be serioulsy injured . I would not reccomend this toy to anyone .
 this toy is another attempt by toymakers to teach infants to be content alone in their cribs . anyone who still buys into the idea that babies will and should fall asleep alone should get a full grown dog , not have a baby . this toy is so pathetic that it can only grasp for the attention of a very young babies , my four month old was bored with it immediately . do yourself and your baby a favor . rock , nurse and sing your baby to sleep yourself . if you want a crib toy get your baby a mobile or 2 . they are much more interesting for the baby .
 This was a gift from grandma because her sister had given the same gift to her grandchildren . To us , it was just another way to spend money on plactic , cheap junk for kids . There are a few short and tinny tunes that it plays . It is very durable and safe . I hope that parents can pay more attention to their children and show a bit more creativity in their development and entertaining than by purchasing this toy . Maybe this is a toy for parents who are too busy and over-committed to spend sufficient time with their child and shove things in front of them just to keep them quiet . I told my mother what I thought and she was wondering herself , and we concluded that her sister 's daoghter-in-laws lied that they liked the gift . My mother returned it .
 My son loves the ocean wonders aquarium bouncer seat so I thought he would also like the crib aquarium but once we got it home it did n't fit on our crib . The plastic straps on the back are not long enough to fit our crib . Actually they are really only long enough to fit on the older style thin rail crib not the newer style cribs . I actually called fisher price to see if they make an extension piece but they said no , they said it is only designed for cribs that have a thin back rail . They had no solution for me so I have to return the aqarium . I 'm going to try the leapfrog crib toy , hopefully that will fit .
 I put the ocean wonder aquarium on my registry and received it at my shower because I had gotten another ocean wonders toy and liked the theme . I put the aquarium on my daughters crib and everything was fine for a few hours until the bubbles stopped . Now for a 1 month old that was her favorite part . I tried replacing the batteries and still after a couple of hours no more bubbles . It would make the sound for the bubbles to come out but no bubbles . I find it very noisy and it was very disapointing that the bubbles would not work . My daughter still likes the aquarium and we use it every night with the music and lights . If I would have known that it was going to work like this I would have returned it for another crib toy , or not have put it on my regristy at all .
 If your baby or child is used to the Peaceful Planet -LRB- PP -RRB- aquarium , the Ocean Wonders -LRB- OW -RRB- aquarium is a poor follow-up product . We had to find this out the hard way , as we forgot our PP aquarium on a week-long visit with Grandma . I quickly went out and bought an OW aquarium , and it was a FLOP with my son . The PP aquarium soothed my son to sleep for both naps and bed time , while the OW aquarium seemed to gear up my son . While the PP aquarium has soothing sounds , music , and ceiling lights , the OW strikes out on all three . And why the clam and starfish toys ??? Fisher-Price ought to know that the aquarium is really a parents ' tool for helping a little one drift off into la-la land , not a tool for play ... Wonder if Fisher-Price consulted any parents in their product development and research ... Maybe FP will bring back the Peaceful Planet aquarium .
 After our P.P.A. died , I ran out to get this one to replace it . I was immediately struck by the fact that the `` fit and finish '' were not as good . This one feels cheaper . The fish are not as nice -- and horror of all horrors , instead of soothing my 15 month old son to sleep as the old one had done this one stimulates him . It is so loud , it sounds like there is a locomotive coming through his crib , the bubble sound is n't as good -LRB- though the music quality is much better -RRB- , and the lights are not adjustable like the P.P.A.I am preggo with my second child and will now search ebay and any other site to find a new P.P.A. for my baby . I gave this new one to a friend . I just had no use for it . The Peaceful Planet Aquarium was just a much better quality machine . In my mind this new one as cheaply made as a Yugo . I miss the Mercedes-like quality of the other .
 My daughter is 11/2 years old and LOVES her F.P. Aquarium . Unfortunately , it malfunctioned and I had to get a new one . The original `` round '' aquarium is no longer available . F.P. is now making the updated version as displayed here . It does n't compare to the original ! It does n't show the waves on the ceiling , the fish do n't move in circles and the music is terrible - it does n't even sound clear . You can even hear this annoying noise it makes while blowing the bubbles - you could n't hear that before . Why ruin a good thing ??? Do n't waste your time or money on this . I would suggest finding a used original on an online auction !!!
 I loved this toy - but my daughter -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- does n't . She is not very interested in it , and cries at the sound of many of the songs . Maybe when she is older she will like it more ? I liked the visuals and the bubbles , but it does not hold or attract her attention at this age !
 i tried setting this up on my daughters crib.the way this is tied on w / a rope at the bottom and two straps on top is very dangerous itried pushing it a little and the straps undid and the toy was hanging from the bottom tied on by a piece of rope.it also takes four d batteries making it extremely heavy so if it hit my 5 month old it probably would knock her out.i am very surprised that fischer price for making such an unsafe toy and will report it .
 I have been reading reviews and people seem to love this aquarium - so I went ahead and purchaced it , at took it back two weeks later . I am very disappointed with the aquarium . I expected a better product with all of the high ratings.It does have some nice music , but everytime you or the baby turns it on , it starts back on the same song which becomes very repeatitive and annoying . It wo n't stay on the setting that you want ... you have to push the button on the back to the song or sound you like each time you turn it on . Also , the fish moving and the bubbles are cute , and I like the light on it ... but the motor was so loud that the music had to be even louder to hear it . As long as the motor was off -LRB- no bubbles or fish moving -RRB- it was ok , but it seemed to defeat the purpose of the product . I do not like buying things and only using half of the features . I took it back . It is not worth the noisy nights to wait for my child to like it after they are old enough to change all the buttons on their own . There are better products out than this one .
 My son loves to watch the fish and bubbles but when the bubbles are on it is so noisy . There is a knocking noise in the background . He sleeps in my room and I can not stand it so we are replacing it with another toy ASAP . I would expect more from Fisher Price .
 My 3 year old son played with this all the time till he got to be a year old then i put it in the closet for a while till i had my 2nd son and just toke it out and now it has no water inside and the fish dont move either . Is there some where i can take it to get a replacement ?
 I hope that the person who engineered this toy no longer works for Fisher Price . I had the original for my now 4 year old and he could n't live without it . However , after lying dormant for 1.5 years , it did n't work anymore so I bought this one . Geeze ! What a difference ! This thing BITES . The controls are horrible . For example
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO SEE THAT SOMEONE HAD BOUGHT THE OCEAN WONDERS AQUARIUM FROM MY REGISTRY , LITTLE DID I KNOW HOW MUCH NOISE IT COULD MAKE . THE MUSIC WAS FINE , BUT WHEN THE FISH MOVE AROUND YOU CAN HEAR THE MOTOR . I HAD NO IDEA THAT IT WAS GOING TO BE AS LOUD AS IT WAS . I RETURNED IT EVEN BEFORE MY BABY WAS BORN . I JUST COULD NOT SEE ANYWAY THAT IT COULD SOOTHE MY BABY .
 I had heard wonderful things about the peaceful planet so when I looked for one this was what I found . It barely interests my baby who might glace at it . The music lasts such a short period and if you want lights and bubbles the pump is so loud it drowns out the music or water sounds . The lights are very dim and the fish barely move . I would not recommend this product at all . If you have any interest try to get a chance to see it working in person first .
 I had always assumed that the -LSB- person -RSB- who suggested producing ' New Coke ' had enough sense to go into retirement but unfortunatelly I was mistaken . This new product -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!! The lights are barely visible , and can not be controlled in any way similar to the previous Fisher Price Peaceful Planet . If you have no experience with the previous version you may like that this has nice sounds , but the visuals , which are what ALL the children loved , have been removed . This is a sad day for all parents .
 I really ca n't comment on durability because I have n't had it long enough to really judge . We had the Peaceful Planet aquarium but it broke so Fisher Price sent us this on as a replacement . I 've found the music is really wierd ; the motor that makes the bubbles is loud and drowns out the musi ; , it has three buttons on the front
 I recently bought my daughter this toy after her peaceful planet died , and what a waste of money . The PP was calming and had wonderful soothing bubbles , and the lights on the ceiling were great even for older children . This new version is too loud for anyone to fall asleep to and the motor over powers the sound of the bubbles . There is no lights for the ceiling and the `` interactive '' toys are boring for a child over six months . Fisher Price should have never discontinued the original !!!!
 I do not recommend this toy for a child of any age . The noise that is supposed to be music is scratchy and unclear . It most certainly is not relaxing.This product is a waste of money .
 I bought the OW Aquarium thinking it would be another great product like the PP Aquarium . I was wrong . My son has been falling asleep to the Peaceful Planet Aquarium for two years . Sometimes the PP Aquarium would get stuck , so I bought the Ocean Wonders Aquarium to replace it . I had to return it because my son does not like it one bit . The motor is too loud and the music is strange . I also think the aquarium is too large . My son and I hope Fisher Price comes out with a new aquarium that is similar to the first one .
 Our son LOVES his Peaceful Aquarium - so much that we bought a ` backup ' in case something happened to one of them . It did , in fact , and Fisher Price sent me a ` replacement ' - the new Ocean Wonders Aquarium . My husband and I were extremely disappointed with the newer model . The lights and bubbles are nowhere near as bright or entertaining as the old model - our son just does not like it at all . If you can get your hands on the old one - I highly recommend that one over the new one !
 As pointed out by many other consumers of this item , the motor is way to loud , it takes larger batteries -LRB- uses them just as fast -RRB- and is missing the water/light effect , in comparison to its older sibling model , the peaceful planet aquarium . Im not sure if they still make it , but My old one still works , and my 21/2 yr old wont give it up for her newborn sister . I m now on the hunt for a PP Aquarium . I will be returning this product .
 I registered for this Ocean Wonders Aquarium after reading all the reviews for this item . It is very soothing for the baby , but it has some flaws . First of all , the straps are too short for my baby 's bed . I and my husband tried to think of a way to fix the problem , but there is no way that we can install it . So , I do n't know what to do with it : -LRB-
 I received this item as a gift and opened it shortly after our son was born . I did n't realize how important it was to have things for a newborn to look at in the crib until after he was born . I 'm sure this toy would be great for that purpose -- if it worked.When I first tried to use it , the electronics did not work . I installed new batteries , and I tested them in a flashlight to be sure they were not the problem . You have to insert the batteries just right to get it to work . When I finally got it working , I screwed the battery case back on , stood the product up , and it stopped working again right away.The back says that if the product is stops working , do n't return it to the store , call Matel 's 1-800 number . I understand that products are sometimes defective -- the problem is that they wanted me to pay for the return shipping.I am disappointed by Matel/Fisher Price 's customer service for this defective product . If their product does n't work brand new out of the box , I expect them to pay return shipping . I would have been happy if they had exchanged the product for a working one at no cost to me , but they did not . When I asked them to pay the return postage they talked to me on the phone as if I were trying to cheat them.Here is one new mom who will not be buying Fisher Price products unless there is a very good reason to -- you ca n't take the risk that the product wo n't work .
 My 41/2 yr . old daughter had the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium as an infant and it was a lifesaver . I saved it for baby # 2 but received the Ocean Wonders Aquarium as a gift . I hate it ! The music is creepy and the bubble feature is so LOUD and makes a clunking noise . Instead of soothing my son he gets agitiated . I kept it in his crib to give him something to look at until I woke up to his screams one night . His head was trapped between the mattress and this toy . Out with the new and in with the old . If you 're interested in this toy I recommend finding the original one in a resale shop or at a garage sale . They go through batteries and do n't run long enough however . You 'll find yourself getting up several times to start it over if your baby is n't asleep before it stops .
 we had bought the previous model of this crib toy for our older son , but some of the moving parts had frozen over time in storage , so we decided to replace it since he loved it so much . that version had happy , cheerful nursery songs . the new version plays an almost eerie , creepy , surreal-type music that actually made my youngest son cry ! it 's a good thing the new model comes with a silent mode -LRB- bubble sounds -RRB- or we would 've returned it.visually , the toy is mesmerizing and my son likes it as long as we do n't play the music .
 I was very disapointed with this mobile . My daughters crib is 1 of the convertible cribs with a bigger head board & we had a really hard time even getting the mobile attached to the crib . The bars in our crib are bigger than the standard & the mobile did not fit well . Even after we got the mobile attached we had to keep playing with the battery box to get the mobile to come on . We ended up returning it for another mobile .
 I 'm so dissapointed in this new model . When the bubbles are turned on the motor sounds like an running car . It is not at all soothing the way the PPA was with my first son . The music is better but even the fish do n't appear to swim as well with this model . It 's a shame they did n't perfect the old model . I reccomended it to everyone . Newer is not better in this case . Save your money and hunt down the old model if you can . It 's Much Better !
 The motor in this thing is loud when the bubbles are turned on . In addition , the water leaked , causing the batteries to leak acid . I was horrified to find battery acid on the toy and crib sheet . Imagine what would have happened if my daughter had gotten this on her !
 I purchased one of the Ocean Wonders Aquariums and to me - not to sound morbid - the music sounded like it came from a funeral home . Also , the noisiness of the moving fish was entirely too distracting . Even adjusting the volume button did not reduce the `` racket '' this toy made . I returned my purchase . OH - careful that you do n't cut the straps on the back of the cardboard . They appear to be there to snuggly hold the product to the packaging ... but these are the straps you utilize to `` attach '' to the baby 's crib .
 My son is 18 months old , and had the other FP Aquarium , the round one , he loved the music and the fish , and even played with it , so that we could get a little extra sleep ! The music on this new one is terrible ! It sounds like funeral music ! The water feature is so loud , and is n't very soothing . He cries when he plays with it now , if he plays with it at all . Fisher-price should have never messed with the old version , I use to recommend it often . I wo n't be recommending this one !
 I bought this toy for my newborn niece after seeing it on commercials and reading others ' reviews just to be disappointed ! The commercial made it seem like the little fishes were moving and the lights looked really pretty . I decided to test it out before I gave it to her and I am so glad that I did . To my surprise , neither the fishes nor the water moved , the lights were not as nice as I had anticipated , and frankly it was just plain BORING !!! I bought this toy under false pretences and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Some babies may like it , but ours never got the chance to use it . It does n't fit her crib . Make sure you check that the top rails of your crib are small enough for the straps to fit around . Also , I think our particular toy may have been defective because the bubbles never worked and it was very loud and bright . Unfortunately , I had thrown away the box and literature before I knew all this or I would 've taken it back . I will never do that again .
 We took this out of the box right away . It worked when we tested it and less than a week later it stopped working . Of course , we threw our box away -LRB- husband never sees the use of saving the boxes -RRB- because we 've read such great things about Fisher Price items . The bubbles and lights do n't work and the sound is so soft that you can hardly hear it . We 're very disappointed in this product .
 We bought this one because we LOVE the original and assumed this 2nd version would be as good or better . It is a lot worse . It is loud and has a noisy motor that is anything but soothing , too many buttons that are not accessible to the toddler like the original . Overall a poor toy , one that neither of my boys ever uses .
 I received this product as a gift when my son was a few months old . After having it in storage for a couple of years I took it out this morning to put it up for my daughter and there 's barely any water left . I called the consumer number on the back and I was told that yes , sometimes the water evaporates but no one knows where it goes . I was told it was a mystery . And there 's no way to replace it . I expected a little something other than an `` I 'm sorry '' from the very nice woman I spoke with , but no . We liked it very much for my son and would have given it a four star rating , but based on the fact that it does not survive the test of time , I give it only one star.As far as discarding it , I was told to bring it to an electronics recycler . There goes a few more bucks on a toy that has no use to me . Sigh .
 My son loved this at 6 months when we bought it for him , but he loved to hit it while in the crib and he kept shutting it off and hence screaming ensued . Needless to say we took it back the day after we bought it . It was very frustrating . I do n't know why the manufacturer would make it so that the baby could turn it off on his own so easily .
 I bought this for my son when he was 2 months old . He loved it . It was just like the ocean wonders swing , which he loved . Now he is 31/2 months and I had to take it out of the crib . He turns a lot when he sleeps . Twice his head got stuck under it . He woke up screaming . It think he even bumped his head . I may put it back in the crib when I lower the mattress . But for now I ca n't use it.If your baby moves a lot when he sleeps , I would not use this . Unless the mattress is lower .
 I recieved this for my baby shower . I had a daughter who was born deaf and she LOVED this toy ! She loved the bubbles and the fish swimming as well as the lights ! She did n't use it until she was three months old -LRB- this is how old she was when she came home from the hospital FINALLY ! -RRB- She loved this thing !!! When she became 5 months old the bubbles stopped working and it leaked out some water and with no bubbles , the fish do n't swim . All she has to entertain her are the lights and that really does n't do the job she needs more action . I was very dissapointed , it was an older model I guess and was not serviceable . I have to throw it away and by something else .
 I bought the Ocean Wonders Aquarium because it looked very cute and I hoped it would be a bit better than the Peaceful Planet Aquarium . My son used the PP Aquarium for almost 2 years and loved it . The only reason we are n't using it now is the motor seems to be going and is getting loud.If it were n't for the loud pump noise for the bubbles , I would keep this item . However , I 'm also disappointed that the volume control does n't go lower than it does and that the unit does n't stay on longer . I 've tried using it for my 7 month old but she has no interest in it and it 's too loud to soothe her to sleep . This will be returned .
 I purchased this toy for my 41/2 month old thinking that the soothing ocean sounds would relax him and help him to fall asleep at night . Athough he seemed to enjoy it , the toy is an accident waiting to happen . I placed it on the crib rail per the instructions and it fell off into his crib sometime during the night while he was sleeping . As far as crib toys go it is on the heavy side and I am lucky it did n't fall on top of him . The straps obviously do not hold well . I do not recommend this toy at all .
 This new Ocean Wonder Aquarium is OK but nowhere as good as the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium . My 11/2 yr old still use his Peaceful Planet Aquarium -LRB- he LOVES it -RRB- so I wanted to buy another one for our new baby and when I saw the bigger Ocean Wonder Aquarium I thought great !!! But even though it has the fish & bubbles like peaceful did , the Ocean Wonder does n't have the dancing waves on the ceiling and when you turn the music off & the bubbles on the motor has a Very noticeable sound , might not be very peaceful to some babies , where peaceful WAS peaceful . My 4 month old will watch the Wonder fish but does n't seem as entertain as he is with the Peaceful Planet one .
 We recently were looking for the peaceful planet aquarium from fisher price . My friend 's new baby has it and my son loved it . The lights are wonderful , the music is great , and the kids adore it . But , as fisher price often does , they discontinued it and made the ocean wonders aquarium . I do not like this toy ! I most definetly would not recommend buying this for your little one . The music is loud even on the lowest volume setting and the music is anything but soothing ! The lights are a crude white in contrast to the soft blue of the peaceful planet aquarium and unlike the peaceful planet aquarium , the ocean wonders aquarium does not have the window that projects the light onto the ceiling and walls . I am extremely disappointed with my purchase . My son does not care for the toy , either . -LRB- Which is most important ! -RRB-
 We bought this for our infant daughter as a replacement for my older son 's Peaceful Planet Aquarium . At first , I was pleased by this product 's design and the addition of toys for the child . However , when we began using it , we HATED it ! First of all , as others have noted , the motor is excrutiatingly loud to the point that it drowns out the soothing sounds . Second , the lights are too bright for use in a dark room when trying to soothe -LRB- not shock -RRB- delicate little eyes . Finally , the music on this product is too radio-like , not like the tinkling little lullablies found on its predecessor . After using it for two nights , I put it back in the box and returned it to the store . This toy would fall under the old adage ... if it is n't broken , do n't fix it ! Fisher Price really goofed on this `` improvement . ''
 The only crib toy I really liked and thought was entertaining for my new baby was the Peaceful Planet Aquraium . Unfortunatly I was told that was no longer avalible . but this one was the new model replacing it . first the bubbles only come out of one side , instead of both sides -LRB- unless you tip it over -RRB- . then the sounds do n't sound much like waves or water running and actually scares my child and the toys on it for the baby to play with are too small for the baby to find . I hate to write reviews but this product was so dissapointing . Very much a waste of money .
 My 21/2 year old will not sleep without Fisher Price 's Peaceful Planet Aquarium . It has been great . Unfortunately , she has had it since she was born and just recently the motor that turns the fish in the aquarium stopped working . She had a fit so I told her we would get a new one . Unfortunately , the so called new one does not work like the old . She does not like the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . Why did Fisher Price change the model ? If anyone knows where I can get a Fisher Price Peacefil Planet Aquarium please let me know !! Fisher Price should hire parents for R&D !!
 VERY SIMPLE . THIS TOY JUST DOES NOT CUT IT . MY SON CAN NOT GET BACK TO SLEEP WITH THIS , AND I CAN NOT FIND ANOTHER PEACEFUL PLANET . I WOULD DO JUST ABOUT ANYTHING TO GET MY HANDS ON ONE . MY SON 'S PEACEFUL PLANET 'S MOTOR ALSO BURNED OUT , BUT IT WAS USED EVERY DAY , EVERY NIGHT !! . IT COMPLETELY LULLED HIM TO SLEEP WITH THE LIGHTS , DIFFERENT SOUNDS , MUSIC , ETC. . IT WAS WONDERFUL !! THIS PRODUCT WAS JUST A WASTE OF $ $ FOR ME .
 I have a love , mostly hate relationship with this product . My daughter absolutely loves it .2 hours after I put her to bed she is still pushing the button with her foot and is having a good old time . I have to go in there and physically shut it off . This toy would be awesome IF when you set it to turn off in 5 minutes , the child did n't have the ability to keep turning it back on !!!! What incentive is there to sleep ? Not sure this is going to stay in the crib . I do n't really need her turning this on in the middle of the night to have fun !
 My hope was that this toy would help my 2m old son fall asleep and/or keep him occupied for a few minutes . He seemed to like it the first time we set it up ... even fell asleep once . Since then , he has showed no interest in it . When I turn it on , he starts crying after a few seconds . I give it two stars because I like the concept and because I remain hopeful that he 'll like it when he gets older . I recommend the Tiny Love Mobile instead . That keeps my son 's attention for 15 min . and puts him to sleep sometimes .
 My 5 month old did not like this product . She could turn it on and off right away , but lost interest in 2 minutes . It definitely sounds like an aquarium . I did not like the music . I do like the water sounds , I just wish there was an all night option . That is the only way my baby sleeps . I also do n't like the fact that if you change modes -LRB- there are 3 -RRB- you have to reset the sound you want , i.e. crashing waves . Any time you switch modes it automatically goes to the 1st song , which I ca n't stand . I do n't feel it is worth the money .
 I bought this item thinking that it would be a wonderful thing to have in my son 's crib to help him fall asleep . It takes more than 5-10 minutes though for him to in fact fall asleep . So when it turns off he just starts to cry because he has n't figured out how to turn it on again . Also just the fact that it has to be constantly turned on defeats the purpose because it just keeps my son awake . It 's cute but there have been better sleep aids in the past that are not on the market any more .
 IT should have an option to get it on for longer 20-30min ! it only last like 5 and it is annoyong to restart it when the babe is trying to sleep !
 All this aquarium did was disturb my son 's sleep . It seems to be made pretty well , but I do n't see the benefit of having one of these in my child 's crib . The amount of times he would switch it on and play with it therefore waking himself up was crazy ! In the end I removed it . Total waste of money !
 The most restful music I have ever heard in a crib toy . The lights slowly brighten and dim , and the bubbles are soothing . It has been a great tool to help my son go to sleep on his own . I put him in the crib and turn that thing on -LRB- we choose to do just music and lights for 10 minutes usually -RRB- and he is asleep before it is done . I wish they made one for grown ups !!
 My 3 year old had the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium by Fisher Price and it was MUCH MORE PEACEFUL than this item is for my new baby on the way . The orginal was a life saver because my 3 year old loved that . This new model 's motor is way too loud and just does not have the attractive features of it 's predecessor .
 This aqaurium has been a lifesaver for me for almost 5 months . Sadly , I have to give it `` 1 Star '' because it started leaking last night . The water was sticky -LRB- almost like a gel -RRB- and had an unusual smell . Luckily , my baby was not in his crib when this happened . Although this has helped many sleepless nights , I am afraid to purchase another one . Hopefully I will be able to find something similar to this to replace it .
 I was really excited to register for this - and really disappointed when I got it . Biggest problem I had was that the moving fish part was broken . I could only get music and lights . But even if that was working , the music itself is wierd and annoying sounding - and really loud . I ca n't imagine how they think this would put anyone to sleep . The nature sounds setting was ok . Worst part was the button for baby to manipulate . The lever and the spin dial that work the fish were hard for me to use , I ca n't imagine a baby having the strength and dexterity to work this . And the large button in the middle which allows baby to turn it on themselves was so touchy that they would just start the same song over and over again . Since it has a motor and moving parts , it eats 4 huge D batteries . I can almost see using this as a toy , but not a soothing crib item .
 I received the previous model -LRB- peaceful aquarium -RRB- of this product for my son that is now 3 years old . He still uses it every night to fall asleep . It is such a great item that I bought it for several friends when they had children and added it to the top of my all time favorite baby items list . Now that fisher price has stopped making this item and started selling this new model , I am completely disappointed . I have a 3 month old baby girl who was given this one as a gift . I would return it in a heartbeat if I did n't think my friend would be offended . It is loud , obnoxious and not soothing at all . I can not say enough bad things about it . Fisher Price made a huge mistake when they made this model . It has mechanical sounding music that makes my child cry when I play it . It is AWFUL !!!! I too would pay dearly to have another of the previous model .
 Their basic design is good but could be inproved upon easily . We have spent more in batteries for this toy than what it sells for . I guess rechargable batteries would be best . It is cute , but our son doesnt really care for it as much as the one that had lights shine on the ceiling .
 I 've had this item for two years , and recently had to replace the batteries for the second time , and low and behold , one of the batteries ' silver cover was coming off , and it was all corroded . The water was leaking into the battery compartment ! I called Fisher Price , and they said that there 's only a 1 year warrantly on this item . I then recently went to a store to get another one , and there was only one left , and I saw that it was partially opened , and when I looked at it , it was leaking also ! I would no recommend this product .
 I received this item as a gift & loved it til my husband tried to get it onto the side of the crib . We have the Lifetime 4 in 1 crib from Babies R Us and the railing is too wide for the straps to fit around . I called Fisher Price to see if they have extentions or replacement straps that are longer and they do not ! If you have any other crib than the regular plain one , do not buy this item . Other than rigging it some how to the side of the crib , which is unsafe , I will be forced to part with it and give it away . What a disapointment!First time mom in Pasadena , Tx
 we got this for our 5-months old daughter . she loves the sound of it but gets upset when the music stops playing . the sound shuts off automatically after 8 minutes and we have to turn it back on as she is still too young to hit the button herself . not sure why Fisher-Price would n't make it play longer .
 I tried this with both of my children , and it certainly did not allow me to just put them in their crib and fall asleep . My biggest issue with this item is that it can really only be hooked up to the top of the crib railing , which is too far up to really look at if you 're the baby lying on the mattress . I tried to rig it up so it was mattress-level , but the bumper pad got in the way . Plus , my kids would either turn it off or on if they accidentally hit the on/off button while trying to play with the other buttons -- that should be on the top of the device .
 Not ever using this product , I probably would n't buy it reading the reviews . Also knowing that so many people that have the Fisher Price Peaceful Planet Fish Aquarium and are happy with it . If your looking for a Peaceful Planet , there are plenty on E-Bay .
 We had the Peaceful Planet aquarium for our first son and we ALL loved it . In fact , until it finally gave out -LRB- after 21/2 years of constant use -RRB- our son used it as entertainment and to help him sleep every afternnon/night . We bought this version when it first came out because it looked so much cooler than the first and we needed a new one for our second son . We spent a lot of time trying to find it because it was widely advertised long before its availability . What a disappointment !! We wish we would n't have wasted so much time trying to find it . It 's not as sturdy , the lights do not shine on the ceiling , the motor is too loud and drowns out the music and you can barely see the fish unless it is PITCH black in the room . Even the colors are not the same on the toy as what is on the package-not that it matters-just another point . We ended up returning it and purchasing another Peaceful Planet with which we have been very happy . So the old saying goes ... newer is n't necessarily better .
 Before I tried to attach this toy to my sons crib , I really loved how it worked . I thought the sounds and the music were great . However , I am very disappointed that because this is our first child who is 3 weeks old , and we purchased a brand new crib , we can not use this toy . It will not attach to new cribs that have wider top bars . I can use it while he is laying on his play mat and lean it up against something , but I am still bummed because when we were shopping we were looking for a crib toy specificaly . I usually love Fisher Price items , but not this time ! They need to keep up with changing models of things such as cribs !
 We have had this thing for a while . I have everything from the Ocean Wonders Series . While I am extremely happy with most of the other items , this item was rarely ever used with my son . The music did not soothe him when he was worked up , and it has never once put him to sleep . The fish and clam in it has never been able to catch his attention for more than half of a second . He will listen to the music while I change his diaper , but that does n't last very long . Maybe the company should try again .
 I put the ocean wonder aquarium on my registry and received it at my shower because I had gotten another ocean wonders toy and liked the theme . I put the aquarium on my daughters crib and everything was fine for a few hours until the bubbles stopped . Now for a 1 month old that was her favorite part . I tried replacing the batteries and still after a couple of hours no more bubbles . It would make the sound for the bubbles to come out but no bubbles . I find it very noisy and it was very disapointing that the bubbles would not work . My daughter still likes the aquarium and we use it every night with the music and lights . If I would have known that it was going to work like this I would have returned it for another crib toy , or not have put it on my regristy at all .
 my last baby loved the older peaceful planet aquarium model . Even though it was a battery eater it was worth it . so i got this one for my son , 4 months old . I was very disappointed . I assumed they would improve it . But the motor is so noisy it drowns out the sounds and music . i found it very annoying and returned it . I found the older model at a resale shop and bought him that one . At least we can hear the sound effects , even though it is not as interesting or cute looking than the newer one .
 My son has had the peaceful planet aquarium since he was born . He loves it and would use it to soothe himself back to sleep at night , or whenever -LRB- he is 21/2 -RRB- . He has been using it as a soothing device since he was 1 year old . Well , the motor stopped turning the fish because he uses it all the time and ca n't be with out it . We went to the store to buy a new one and only found the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . We bought it thinking it looked cute . What a mistake !! He hates it ! It is nothing , NOTHING , like the peaceful planet . The lights stink , the sound is awful and it is clumbsy . So we returned it . In answer to one other parent who wrote in below , we went on ebay and we got a peaceful planet there . Thank goodness so now our son can sleep . Fisher-Price made a big boo boo with this one . Like the old saying goes , `` if it aint broke do n't fix it '' . They should have left well enough alone .
 I have never rated anything on the internet before , but I had to write about this . My son -LRB- 41/2 -RRB- had the earlier version of this , and we both loved it . I have many happy memories of rocking him to sleep as an infant in his darkened room while listening to the sounds of the `` waves '' as the aquarium cast a shimmering light onto the ceiling . After a long day , it soothed and relaxed us both ! As he grew , he enjoyed looking at the fish in his crib before drifting to sleep or when waking up in the morning . When he moved to his big boy bed , we cut off the plastic attachments and allowed him to keep it on his bedside table so he could turn it on and off as he pleased . It was better than a nightlight ! Some nights I would lie in his bed with him after storytime and we would both silently watch the light show on the ceiling and walls . It finally wore out just after he turned four , and we were forced to throw it away . When his baby sister arrived , I went off in search of a replacement , but was disappointed to find that Fisher Price had put out a new model . It was bigger , had a few more bells and whistles , but was sadly lacking many of the features we loved . There is no longer the ceiling light option , and the aquarium itself does n't even seem as bright when on . While we rarely listened to the music , the new songs have a horrible `` electronic '' sound to them that was n't there before . One of the worst things is the noise level of the motor . I am not sure if making it bigger created the problem , but the new motor is SO LOUD that you can barely hear the intended sound effects . I am so tempted to go to ebay or a similiar site to see if I can find an older aquarium someone else is willing to part with so I can once again enjoy rocking my little one `` at the beach '' at night . If I had never had the previous version , my review might have been more positive , but this aquarium just pales in comparison to the older model . Once again , this proves that when toy companies try to go bigger , better , and more advanced , they often lose the charm of the original .
 I just got the Ocean Wonders Aquarium for our daughter . We have the Peaceful Planet , but it always seemed to eat through batteries . I thought this one might be better , but I was wrong . The motor , when the fish swim around , is way too loud for her to fall asleep . I do like to music on this one better than the Peaceful Planet , but I bought so she could watch the fish swim around . I think we will just go back to the Peaceful Planet and deal with changing the batteries all the time ... at least she falls asleep .
 I have the Peaceful Planet aquarium for my 4 month old , and I see that Fisher Price tried to improve on it , but they goofed . They still only allow it to run for 5 minutes , which is n't long enough for my baby to soothe herself to sleep . Also the motor is loud and when everything stops , everything STOPS ! The change from all the stimulation to nothing at all is too startling for her and will make her cry for more . It would be nice if this product would slowly shut itself down and run for a little longer -LRB- at least 15 - 20 minutes -RRB- .
 This toy is supposed to be soothing . The motor is too loud ! The music has to be turned up too loud or all you hear is the motor . This could have been a nice toy . The Peaceful Planet Aquarium was much quieter .
 This toy is not all its cracked up to be !!! Do n't believe the hype . My 14 month old hated it ! I am bringing it back .
 To tell you the truth , my 14 month old daughter did n't care for this toy at all . I wanted to buy her something to put in her crib to help lul her to sleep -LRB- since we took the binky away , finally -RRB- . But this toy did no good . And I tried it for a week , I would put her in her crib turn on the music -LRB- I tried all 3 sounds , lights and bubbles -RRB- and she kept hitting the button on the front to shut it off . My recommendation would be to put the button to turn the music on and off in another location where the child ca n't get to it -LRB- like the back -RRB- . I put her to sleep alot quicker by just patting her back . Sorry but She did n't like any part of this toy . I will be taking it back today !
 This truck shell is not as advertised - it 's a clear uncut piece of plastic . Tried to cut out the shape with a hobby knife , hard to get started then cut like butter slicing the plastic in half - did n't want a project now I 've just got garbage complete waste of money , totally false advertising very disappointed .
 SO disappointed in it . Totally not worth the money , SO DISAPPOINTED . I could have had a BIGGER airplane for this kind of money .
 The toy worked the first 2-3 days of use . My grandson liked the lights and noise it made . After the 3rd day we thought it needed new batteries . We replaced the batteries in the remote and the airplane , still does not work . My grandson is very disappointed . I will probably not return it because of return shipping and the hassle , I 'll look at it as a $ 10 waste . Save your money for something else , buying AA batteries and a 9 volt is not worth it . Screws strip out and are easily lost . Do n't expect much for size either is it about 4 inches in length .
 I just wanted to write a little review to remind people that this toy does not actually take-off . It is a fine toy , if your kids are content with an airplane permanently in the ` taxi ' mode .
 We bought this tent as a gift for our three boys , ages 1,3 , and 5 . This is a WONDERFUL toy . However , after only 3 months , one of the supporting poles cracked . Now we can not set up the tent without it falling over . For the price and durability , I suggest another tent purchase .
 The instructions say that it is easy set-up . However , it is very difficult to get the poles into the correct place to set the tent up . Without forcing too much , the tent tore .
 I was disappointed in the tent part of this set . It 's flimsy , and the corners slide/collapse in too easily making the floor space much smaller . The tunnel part is great , though . I much prefer the pop-up house that my kids have .
 This building set is a poor quality knock off of the Lincoln Log brand . It is poorly machined and the pieces do not fit together . Pieces are irregular in shape and quality . I am returning the set we bought .
 I purchased this for my 7 year old . He is really in to hot Wheels . He is pretty good about being careful with his toys but with an hour of opening this new toy he was taping the doors back on . This product is very low quality . The wheels have fallen off the cars . I would avoid buying this .
 I bought this for my grandson and was disappointed . The top runway kept coming apart from the truck and , in general , the item does not appear to be worth the money .
 This toy is utter junk ! It 's constructed with brittle plastic , very low quality , and it plain does n't work well . The ramps do n't operate correctly , and when they jam , you will break SOMETHING trying to free them ! I 've used a whole tube of super glue on this to keep my son happy . We finally tossed the thing . Your results may vary , but beware !
 To be exact , this is what you get :1 chimney2 vertical sign holders2 rood ridges2 tripple/flat6 roof slats -LRB- 3 green +3 yellow -RRB- 8 tripple round2 double & half20 doubles70 singles -LRB- barrels -RRB- I hope you like building with singles because there areNot very many big pieces.The set is wooden . The review saying that they are plastic is wrong .
 The item itself was very poor . The magnets on the pieces are not strong at all . The item seemed used with several scratches . The seller did try to rectify the purchase . Seller agreed the item may have had scratches in the board . I did not want a replacement since there is a very good chance another will arrive in the same condition . Shipping charge of the item was refunded by the seller without my request . Seller did try to accommodate the purchase - But item was just not as described .
 This item is junk . It is a cheap cardboard box . With the cost and the shipping I ended up paying $ 10.00 for this . We would have been better off just purchasing a plastic container .
 TThe deck is ok but there some elemental hero missing . The deck is complete n i put it in my collecting deck binder .
 The company sent me the wrong cue . The tip and deflection of the cue is not great , but expected for a jump/break cue that cost less than $ 150.00 . I would not recommend this cue for anyone that 's looking to use this cue as a competitive cue , but will work fine for practice or recreational use . It 's not designed for league play .
 My husband and I bought this toy for our son a year 1/2 ago . We were so excited about having a `` classic toy '' to have for many years and hope to pass along . Yeah right . This thing had parts that kept coming apart , ie . . the saddle the ears , the leg . It now sits in our basement waiting for the trash . I hate to throw it away because we payed so much for it but it just has not lived up to the `` Radio Flyer '' standard .
 My 20 month old daughter received this for Christmas . At first we thought it was the best gift ever but when she got on and started rocking we realized she could send the wooden ear through her chin , eye or mouth . We sent it back soon after . It 's nice that Radio Flyer still makes the classic toys but I think it 's a huge safety hazard .
 We were looking for a friendly rocking horse our little one could grow with . This Classic Wood Rocking Horse age range was 12-24 months . We purchased for a year birthday . This horse is not for anyone younger than 2 years . The seat is very narrow and hard , the length from seat to base is measured for a giant . Our little one is in the 95th percentile in height and is months from reaching the base . I think there are better rocking horses out there . The only thing positive , it 's attractive .
 I got the Belle doll for my 4 year old daughter at Target , on sale . The shoes do n't stay on her feet at all . The necklace falls off easily and will snap the moment one of us steps on it by accident ... . And the crown is already cracked through on one piece and will soon fail completely . The dress is made of cheap , poorly sewn fabric and poor Belle 's chignon did n't last 15 minutes because the crown is attached to the hair . As soon as my daughter tried to pull off the crown -LRB- because that is what little girls do -RRB- , the hair came out of the bun and now looks like a rat 's nest . But my daughter seems not to care because she just adores Belle , even if she 's barefoot.Beware of the `` free '' ring for your girl
 I was looking for an inexpensive construction toy for my 3 year old son . This looked like a fun play set but it is a little lame . The crane falls apart when you spin it because it does not clear the back of the set . I thought the crane would move up and down but it has plastic ` ropes ' that are fixed and do not move . The ramps detach when you move it . The wrecking ball knocks down the blue shed easily but too easily for my taste . Makes for a high mom/dad maintenance requirement to reset it over and over . The die cast trucks are what you would expect for the price . I expected the toy to be a little on the flimsy side since it was inexpensive I just wish the crane really worked and it held together better .
 I bought this for my 2 & 1/2 year old . I ended up putting it away for when he 's older - like maybe 5 . The site falls apart too easily and the roads do n't all fit together properly .
 If you 're a grown up these are fine but if you are a small toddler they are too heavy to throw . The balls had imperfections on them . They had flat spots on them . I would not buy them again . Thank god I only paid about $ 18 for the pack . My son would rather play with a ballon then play with these balls . Oh , and about 2 months after we got them he started biting chunks of foam out of the balls . I had to throw them away .
 This is an adorable lil ' fire engine , and my twin sons love the look of the toy , and enjoy playing with the bell and the horn . But it is also VERY heavy , awkward and has very little in the way of turning radius . The steering wheel just barely turns left and right . This frusterates them more often than not , which is why I rate the toy only a 2 for fun .
 This is a cute little fire engine . However , we have been very disapointed because the paint wore off after just 1-2 months ! It is so faded that someone asked us if it was an antique !!
 I received the item I ordered yesterday along with another item from the same seller ; both came in the same package . One item was in good shape , the other was n't . It looked as though the packaging for the Disney Pixar Cars Diecast `` Ramone '' had sustained some water damage at some point . From a collectors stand point it would completely devalue it , but lucky for me I have a 2 year old that loves Disney 's Cars . At the great price of $ 2.99 I decided I would just open it and let my son play with it rather than send it back .
 These type of toys are supposed to slide out of your hands when you grab them . However this one has a very large -LRB- about 1/2 inch -RRB- seam where the two pieces are fitted together . That seam has also shrunk so is not only is much thicker in that area than the rest of the toy but also smaller . You can sort of see the seam in the pictures -LRB- look for the smaller part -RRB- . The result is the toy only slips until it hits the seam and given the resistance the seams causes , even does that poorly . I have had other brands of this toy and never noticed a seam and they work quite well -LRB- are very hard to hold -RRB- , but this one is pretty much worthless . It can easily be picked up and needs to be forced to slide in your hand . I strongly recommend you try one made by another company.Reading the other reviews , several of the 5 star ones seem a little too enthusiastic and I would not believe them to be genuine .
 Hardly any fun compared to the popular inside-out water filled plastic tubes that were popular in the '90s . This one is very tiny and does n't move easily , pretty disappointing , ca n't see how a child would enjoy it either beyond having something to squeeze . it is also filled with glow-in-the-dark fluid and would probably make for a mess if it breaks by accident .
 This toy is not durable at all . Try a different brand and you should have better luck . It was also very tiny .
 I enjoy purchasing products from Amazon as usually everything is what its suppose to be . However , this product Magic Rigid Rope was just a rope . It did not work as advertisied . I had several people read the directions and then try to make it go straight as advertised . It did not work for any of us . I did fill out a report several weeks ago but to this day no response . The good part , I only got taken for $ 7 dollars . But , I would just as soon have my $ 7 dollars to use for a Magic rope that works .
 the pieces of this toy break fairly easily . While the whole idea is great ... all together , they just fall short.Granted , my little boy is only 5 ... maybe a bit rough on things , but still . The plane is his favorite , the rest just clutter up his room .
 This figure decently resembles Davy Jones . It has very few accessories and only a coat and sash to call `` clothing . '' The rest is molded on to the figure.I usually hate molded-on costuming , but in this case - whattarya gon na do ? He 's covered with barnacles and the such . That 's not really clothing - so in my book , that 's fine.The Good :1 . Visually , he 's a fair approximation of the movie character.The Bad :1 . Flexibility - as in , almost none . You ca n't pose this guy . Fuggeddaboutit . Let him stand up .2 . Balance . He does n't stand well AT ALL . You GOT TA use his cane for the tripod-effect , because one of his feet is a claw-point , and the other is a molded-on-boot that does n't do much for holding the character erect . Get some kind of doll stand for this guy , or you 're gon na find him eating carpet every third day .3 . Color . His paint job -LRB- as with most of these Zizzle figures -RRB- is weak . Buy some acrylics , download a JPG close-up of the character , and put your artistic/make-up skills to good use . He needs it .4 . HAT . As in , his non-existant one . Where 's his hat ??? Not included , that 's where . Suuuuck.Buy him cheap , paint him better - then just display him standing there . If you need him to do anything else ... that 's not his dealio .
 As an avid collector of tarot decks and a fan of necromantic art , I was excited to acquire Leilah Wendell 's Gothic Tarot . While one may not necessarily agree with her personal views , Ms. Wendell is an excellent artist . However , her presentation of this tarot deck surprised me . Instead of using her own beautifully macabre works , she chose to photograph various cemetery monuments . These monuments , if carefully chosen , might have exemplified the concepts of the major arcana . Unfortunately , the monuments were chosen rather haphazardly , having nothing to do with the card 's symbolism . Even the card for `` Death '' seemed clumsy and heavy-handed . Then , as if the beauty of the funerary architecture could n't stand alone , color elements from other photos were added in . These add-ins - roses , the sun , lightening - detract from the focal point of the card and clutter the image without illuminating the concept of the card . No attempt was made to blend in these added elements , and the overall effect is that of jeuvenile photo-shop work or of a child 's collage.To my metaphysical friends who have handled the deck , the cards feel `` yucky . '' No one has ever used them in a reading , as I dislike using only the major arcana and I also do n't feel comfortable with the feel of the cards . I use them instead as a decorative piece on my altar , but I handle them as rarely as possible.The cards themselves are printed on heavy , glossy stock , which protects the images but makes them stick to one another as well . This is an excellent choice for an art deck , but not for a reading deck.I look forward to another creation of a cemetery-centered deck , perhaps created by someone with more tarot knowledge and the willingness to allow the monuments to stand alone .
 $ 129 FOR CUPS ?! They are just cups that glow in the dark . That is ridiculous . Absolutely ridiculous . Why would any halfway intelligent person spend this ungodly amount of money on CUPS ?!
 Everytime I get it set up , stable and ready to do a project it falls over
 The lens is loosely mounted in its retaining ring . The lens itself is chipped . The lens part is not constructed properly .
 This magnifying glass is totally to little . Its sitting on my shelf , because you really ca n't use it for nothing . Its not worth the money .
 This toy is adorable and was a lot of fun-until the mechanism which makes it roll across the floor broke the day after we opened it . When you push down on teddy 's head and let go , the toy is supposed to ride by itself for a bit , kind of like those cars you pull back and let go . The second day we had it the mechanism which makes him `` drive by himself '' broke , so he just pops right back up and does n't go anywhere . This was really disappointing . : /
 We bought this toy for my four year old son . It was fun for a bit , but the door , side wheel and front part of the van all keep snapping off . My son is unable to put them back on himself and it is tiresome to have to keep putting them on every minute or two . Also , the pizzas shoot out so fast that it is difficult to find them . Plus , the pizzas are pretty small and I would n't recommend this toy if there is a younger sibling that likes to put things into their mouths .
 Another review the set contains a plastic cylinder to keep the board from being flattened -- that was NOT true for the set I received . The board seems to easily get bent out of shape . The pieces are nice .
 I just received my order today . This is my first tournament style travel chess set.Pros : - Affordable for what it includes . Hard to find a set with a mat , pieces , and bag for a decent price . - Comes with extra Queens - Mat is nicely sized and legible notation marks . - Fits nicely in the included bag and the bag has additional space for a clock and notepad/pen . Cons : - Pieces are not weighted in this set . I did n't know this from the description , maybe I missed it ... - Pieces are cheap , and look cheap . They have paper felt bottoms that are not glued very well . There is a hole in the bottom of all the pieces under the pad , so I imagine that will poke through at some point since its only paper . I have seen other pieces do this in short time . - Some of the pawns are not molded well on the bottom so they are not level . So the pads stick up and they wobble . - The mat is OK . Its hard to keep it from curling when playing . Maybe it will level out with some more play . - The bag is cheap and feels it . Zippers wont take much abuse , nor will the Velcro . There are threads hanging out all over the place.Overall : - This is a great `` beater '' set . Its cheap and you can tell . I wont buy another unless I really want to abuse something and not feel bad about it ; Or if its for kids to practice on .
 The chessmen are not solid plastic as claimed in the product description . Actually they are hollow , very light for their size and are easily knocked over .
 The description says the pieces are `` solid plastic '' . They are not , they are hollow which you can easily tell just by feeling the hole in the bottom . The whole reason I got this was because it is a `` tournament '' chess set , which I 've seen and used before and I remember distinctly the satisfying heft and texture of the pieces . Nothing like that here.Honestly , this is a little overpriced and I am considering a return . The bag is nice though .
 I expected the pieces to be weighted , they were not . The board was delivered folded , months later it still has crease . I was expecting a shipping tube for the case , i bought a mailing tube for this purpose . Look elsewhere .
 This product listing was misleading . While searching for a ride on horse for my daughter , I came across this listing . Because on one section it stated it had a wooden frame , I figured it was sturdier than it is . The quality is disappointing and the seller provides no opportunity for returns . Not a good purchase !
 World Safari Plush Black Horse With Realistic Horse SoundsProduct features and description contradict eachother . One place says the body is built on a metal frame another states it 's on a `` sturdy wooden frame '' . When doing research via other websites , I discovered that the horse is `` not a ride-on '' , is constructed of metal frame , stands 26 '' , and weighs 8lbs . More contradictions with shipping weight and height . I would have been disappointed making this purchase since I was using the search engine to find a `` ride-on horse '' for my 3 yr old .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes $ 1.90 is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid $ 7.46 for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes $ 1.90 is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid $ 7.46 for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 This product might be good for a very small baby , but there is no arm room when each side is inflated . I thought that there would be alot of room and the bands could be tightened with the velcro closure . I am inserting material and adding more velcro to make them fit . I can not imagine how small a child 's arms would have to be for these to fit . Maybe a stick figure ...
 These are indeed more comfortable than the plastic versions . Yet they do not stay done up , the velcro continuously comes detached on both arms . I am now shopping for a plastic pair .
 i thought these water floaties would be better than the plastic floaties that are out there but these do n't seem to do the job in keeping our son afloat . maybe it 's because he 's quite small -LRB- 18 months and 19 + lbs . -RRB- . i guess we can try again when he 's older but from the reviews i had read , i thought these would be good for smaller kids . although they are easy to blow up and deflate , my son 's arms seem to disappear within them and we ca n't seem to get them on tight enough to stay .
 Only received 120 stickers for 5.88 . The stickers are only worth 1.00 . For that price I thought there would be at least 500 .
 i love the story of noah ... i am so excited to see the whole thing done . so i finished it in no time , unfortunately theres one piece missing and to my frustration theres nothing i can do to replace the missing part . i was advised to get onother one or to just dispose it . WHAT ?!!! ... . and with a teary eyes , i just throw this puzzle in the garbage . . what good is the puzzle with one missing piece ?! zzzzzzzz ! = , -LRB-
 When we received this lego table , it was made for the larger sized legos which was n't evident by the photo . To return this table , it took several phone calls to get the appropriate approval to return the table for a discounted credit .
 It says 12 markers in the title , I recieved one marker . The company was nice enough to refund my money . However , they said they would change the product ad to reflect that you will only recieved one , and they hav n't yet . I find that very upsetting . It has been almost a month now .
 Cheap , cheap product . The trigger can not even be pulled because of poor manufacturing ~ metal blocks the way . I was not even looking for it to work with caps . I purchased it as part of my little girl 's costume for her cowgirl party . At only 4 years of age , she could tell that the trigger was not working and lost interest very quickly .
 I ordered this cowgirl gun for myself , because I have always felt like a cowgirl even though I am a middle-aged suburban mom , and because my 7 year old wanted a cap gun for himself . -LRB- We got him the Big Tex pistol and holster set which was a better buy . -RRB- If he 's going to be Wyatt Earp , I should get to be Annie Oakley . Well , Annie Oakley would have been very disappointed with this cap gun . The holster is cute but that 's the best that can be said for this set.PROS :1 -RRB- The gun has a pink plastic handle and comes in a cute pink holster with a cowgirl and horse on it .2 -RRB- The rest of the gun is metal and has some weight , so it feels a bit more realistic than a gun made completely of plastic.CONS :1 -RRB- Although it 's metal , the barrel has a very shiny finish which makes it look really cheap .2 -RRB- The trigger is very hard to pull and wore me out after a few rounds of pretend target shooting . I needed a pretend drink at the pretend saloon to help my real injured finger feel better . I ca n't imagine a young cowgirl being able to pull the trigger more than a few times before crying and wandering off to play Barbies .3 -RRB- The roll caps which came with the set did n't fire properly at least half of the time . We found that pulling the safety back and letting it go would sometimes explode the unexploded caps on the paper as it came out of the top of the barrel . Is it a feature or a bug ? I do n't know , but it was certainly annoying .4 -RRB- When the caps did go off , the paper frequently caught fire briefly . Not a safe thing for youngsters . But since most of them would n't be able to pull the trigger more than a few times anyway , this may be a moot point .5 -RRB- The `` belt '' that the holster attaches to is a flimsy strip of webbing.Overall , the experience of ordering this gun and waiting hopefully for it to arrive on the Wells Fargo wagon was more fun than actually playing with it . Kids might not care about the aesthetics , but they might mind not being able to pull the trigger more than a couple of times . For the price , this was n't worth it .
 This product is made of cheap plastic and is not worth the money . I bought two of these guns for my little girls at Tweetsie Railroad . Although they are pretty , they were not good for much else . The paper caps kept getting jammed in the gun and the trigger was very hard for my daughters ages 4 and 5 to pull . After firing the guns a few times , the seam began to split . Luckily , the store let us return the guns and exchange them for something else . We bought the `` Bill The Kid '' gun which was much better .
 My kids were getting very frustrated with the connections of masts and hulls . They are very poorly designed and `` pressure '' fit to a point where they easily pop off . Both boats - the Royal Dutchman and Black Pearl - have poor fitting . Compared to lego , the ability for parts to connect and stay connected is extremely poor.I plan to write a letter to Mega Blocks about this quality issue .
 The description says you get 12 pens , but you only get one . Yes -LSB- ... -RSB- is a fair price to pay for 1 pen , but if I had known it was only one I certainly would not have paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for them to mail me one pen ! Sounds a little too much like a scam to me . The seller was good enough to refund my money after I contacted them , so if you have bought this pen thinking you would get 12 , definately contact them and demand a refund . They certainly are n't in any hurry to correct the description as it has been over a month since I bought it and it still says 12 pens.Regarding the pen itself , it is far from perfect . It will occasionally spurt out a large amount of paint onto your work with no warning , making a mess of everything , including your clothes . Other than that , the colors are good and when it does n't squirt it works pretty good .
 We received this as a gift , for my son 's first birthday because the giver knew that he liked music . I understand it 's out of his age range , but even his 33 year old mother -LRB- me -RRB- could not play the songs on the music sheet included because the puzzle sometimes makes the sound , and sometimes it does n't and it requires skilled movements to have them going at any kind of speed . So , do n't buy it for the music , but you can buy it for the sound . The chiming sound was pleasant and not electronic but there is no volume control or off-switch so beware - as a previous reviewer note , it can also go off on it 's own .
 I was excited about this product , I bought this one and the one with the zoo animals sound.First it work , but then it began to work only when it wanted ... Sometimes one animal work , sometimes 2 , sometimes all of them ... But it 's unpredictable and really frustrated overall!How do you explain to a 19 month old that the puzzle does 'n' t work all the time.At the end my daughter was not interested in it at all ... Too bad!And also the sound of the animals are not really realistic .
 Esperaba mucho de este juego ... lamentablemente cuando por fin llego venia con las 104 cartas . . de color verde !!! . . sin artefactos ni los otros decks ... que lamentable que no pongan atenci&oacute;n en esta manufactura ... ahora tengo un juego inservible . . a la basura los 25 dlls
 I bought this for my son and I am sorry . He likes it , but found the buttons hard to press . Little Leap is also a bit too pushy - if you do n't press buttons for a while it keeps egging you on to play which is very annoying for a child trying to think or struggling to push the buttons.Little Leap now sits with all the other not very much used stuffed animals.Buy it if you can afford to take the gamble - it seems that some kids like this toy .
 We purchased this Little Leap 2 years ago and used it very little until now . It would be a great educational toy if it worked properly . After only a few uses , the buttons around the edges of the `` keypad '' stopped working and some of the other buttons said the wrong letter when pushed . How confusing for someone trying to learn their letters or phonics ! I called the company and they suggested changing the batteries -LRB- I already had -RRB- and cleaning the battery connections with alcohol -LRB- I did and no improvement -RRB- . They said if I would send it and $ 20 to them , they would replace it . They called this their 50 % guarantee . If you have looked at Amazon 's price , it is $ 29.99 . I asked how $ 20 equalled 50 % off . They said 1/2 of $ 30 is $ 15 plus $ 5 shipping and handling ! -LRB- This is on top of my cost to ship it to them ! -RRB- I have read in reviews of other Little Leap products that the company does not stand behind their products . Now I know that is true ! My sons have enjoyed all their products that we have purchased , but I will never purchase or request another one now that I know they DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS !!! Do not buy this product !
 The sounds that the frog makes are very `` tinny '' and it is hard to understand what he is saying . I need to look at the letters/picture buttons in order to understand the corresponding sounds . Although this toy turns itself off , all you need to do is touch it or have something bump into it for it to go back on again . Needless to say , it is a very annoying toy and I see little educational value .
 When I received the ordered markers , I tested them right away and they appeared to work fine . When I actually went to use them about 2 days later , the paint ran right thru the marker and puddled on my picture ... Not trusting these paint markers anymore , I replaced them with regular sharpie markers .
 We bought this jar -LRB- 2008 -RRB- thinking that it would be a highlight in our kitchen for Halloween and maybe beyond to Christmas . The quality is very poor . The paint started chipping off within days and the pumpkin on top is badly shaped -LRB- and not in a Nightmare way -RRB- . On the side , the design does not show up and the illustrations are in faded pink and purple colors . Even the candy canes . This is one of the worst Nightmare items in my collection and I ca n't wait to get rid of it .
 From the advertisement , we thought we were buying a lot of stickers . Nope . Just a few . It was very disappointing ; the stickers are way overpriced for the quantity included .
 It looks easy but , I had a hard time getting the functions to work consistently as described in the instructions . It was difficult for me as an adult so it was more frustrating for my nephew who is seven . I could count the number of times we used the game on my one hand . Its just not as simple as it looks and straightforward like the other tv games we have purchased .
 Way too complicated . My son tried & tried and just could n't get it to work . I should have bought a new xbox game instead . Waste of money . I would have returned it but I did n't feel like paying for the shipping which cost more than the game itself .
 My 1 year old received this train as a first b-day gift . It was n't nearly as exciting as the Sesame Street `` Teach and Go '' train we inherited from my brother 's kids . It does n't move unless you push it yourself , unlike the Teach and Go train that goes on its own . It mainly sings songs and you can stack it , but the parts of the attachable cars do n't have any interactive parts . Boring !
 The toy is great but they could have used colored plastic rather than cheap paint . Take a look at my customer photos and you will see why I had to give this toy 1 star . Imagine seeing that after your kid played with this toy . I took my son to the Dr. just in case and he suggested a lead test . Thank god nothing was wrong but the least Leapfrog could have done was use colored plastic for the head .
 This Tape Gun is worthless ! It is a poor design . You ca n't tear the tape with the grooved teeth - they are in the wrong place . I thought I would be able to use it like a regular tape gun with one hand . It defeats the purpose if you have to tear the tape with the other hand . Also tape is wasted because the piece is way to long by the time you do get it torn off . I was very disappointed .
 So the tape gun is just as fun in the pictures as in person . It really looks cute and is nice and tiny , which I had expected . I felt like a bit of a dummy trying to load and get the tape out though -- it just was n't working and took awhile for me to get the tape to feed correctly . I do n't see why this is really labeled a toy or educational . It was n't `` fun '' and I did n't feel any smarter after using it .
 Well i was excited to see a figure like this and immediately bought it without thinking.You see the base for the cross that they show in this picture is not the one they give you the one they give you a small octagonal shaped one which gives terrible support to the figure making the cross lean a lot.Its not even screwed in its plug.The ribbons and the wings are also plugged and you haft to put those on your self.It took me an hour just to make the things stick right.The slightest tough or accidental bump will make them fall off though.I did not care so much about that since I 'm a fan of the series.But when my figure did not even sit properly on the stand i was angry.She keeps falling off no matter what ... do i haft to take glue at it.Oh and of course the wobbly base does not help when you already ca n't keep her on the stand . So save yourself some money and hours of frustration.But i will say it displays good in the box ... If it where cheaper i would recommend it anyway.But for this one no its just not a good figure .
 The buttons were n't defined enough for ~ 6month old . LOVE the idea but there did n't seem to be enough to identify the individual keys . When it `` times out '' or is shut off it always goes back to the shape/color mode . Does n't stay on selected mode . Son now 2 keeps going back to this toy with interest but did n't seem great for younger child .
 The charger works with a battery that increase the risk of have cancer if tou manage it in wrong way . I boght 2 o this Items and none of them worked , the meter never worked , one of the cargers worked for 3 seconds only . Dont waste your money on this
 i bought this toy for my daughter and at first it seemed like it would be good except it falls over easily and its made from very thin fabric . its not very sturdy and the bean bags come apart . needless to say we had to throw it out . i dont reccomend this toy . i think they need to fix the way it always falls over and reinforce the bean bags because they fall apart and the beads inside become a choking hazard .
 The toy is very flimsy ! This is not going to make it through much play action .
 I have a 7yr old granddaughter and 4yr old grandson . I had this toy out for the fourth of July and they threw 2or 3 times and lost interest . The product is flimsy and is meant for 2-3 year olds at best . I was very disappointed .
 A previous reviewer stated the caucasian version might have better hair - I can assure you it does not.We bought this for our daughter last Christmas . She played with it on Christmas day and that was it.The hair , as previously reviewed , becomes a knotted , tangled mess that can not be combed or brushed.We had marginal success with the color-changing nails and makeup but over all it was a poorly made toy and not worth the money spent.I will be using AMAZON.COM reviews to help me with my Christmas shopping THIS year .
 I purchased this doll for my daughter for Christmas . We take it out of the box to find the worst hair on a doll ever . The hair was in a tangled ball . I spent more than an hour trying to straighten it out . The only thing that accomplished was half of the hair comming out and very frizzy looking hair . In fact she ended up looking trashy , not the kind of influence I would like on my daughter . To make matters worse the Nails will NOT change color . This doll is worthless !
 I just bought the African American version of this for my daughter -LRB- age 4 -RRB- for Christmas . I use to have a Barbie styling head as a child and I LOVED IT . This is really not worth the money . The hair is extremely matted . When you try to comb it , the hair falls out . I 'm really disappointed because I was looking forward to showing my daughter how to style hair . This was her first time having a doll with hair . As far as the other accessories , I do n't know because I ca n't seem to get past the hair . The head has quite of bit of hair that seems to be everywhere . I 'm still finding it 's hair around my daughters room.When I first started to comb the hear I was thinking I could n't comb through it because they did n't use the best hair because of the styling head not being the caucasian version . I 'm just going to give them the benefit of the doubt until I read comments from those who have the caucasian head . Please comment so I 'll know if anyone else feels the same way .
 I reluctantly gave this product one star as there was no option for zero stars . My daughter was so disappointed when we opened it , as the hair absolutely can not be brushed . I plan on contacting Mattel to complain about this .
 I bought this for my daughter last Christmas and like the other reviewers was completely disappointed from the moment we opened the box . We have never been able to comb the tangled mess of hair . I kick myself constantly for not returning it immediately . What a waste of money .
 My daughter was so excited to get this toy , but soon quit playing with it . The hair is impossible to comb and after a few manicures the arms fell off . The cheap plastic holding them on crumbled.The toy is worthless junk .
 I bought two of these and they both broke the first time I used them . I mean they literally broke on the first run down the hill in front of my house . The plastic underside on one cracked and the wood steering bar cracked on the other . They look great but they are made in China . I still have n't found anything better than the $ 15 sleds you can buy at walmart -LRB- also made in China but only $ 15 -RRB- .
 Do not buy this product unless you have a woodworking shop and an insatiable desire to build your own sled . The quality control in their Chinese manufacturing plant must be non-existent . The holes to bolt the sled together are totally out of alignment and must be redrilled , and the threads into which to insert the bolds are themselves improperly set -LRB- at bad angles -RRB- .
 I 'm told this is a great game , but unfortunately , I was sent a Macintosh CD instead of the DOS version indicated by this page . Based on other reviews , it seems like this is a regular problem . At least Amazon support says they 'll be issuing a refund !
 The game is probably still awesome but I 'll never know because , I bought this and I received the Macintosh version , not the DOS version.Buyer beware .
 Boy was I disappointed in this toy . It sings the same counting song and nothing else . It has never caught my now 6-month old daughter 's attention except as something to stick in her mouth . Also , some of the ones I found at the stores were full of dust since the item was not wrapped .
 Not the best learning toy out there . It is nice since it attaches to the car seat , but only keeps my little one entertained for a few minutes .
 I admit , I do n't own this toy . I let my 2 yo son play with it in the store to keep him occupied . which it did , he sang along with the ABC song the first few times , then he was pressing it just to hear it . it only sings the ABC song , then giggles . After 20 minutes in the store I was more than happy to put it back on the shelf .
 I used this junk on my layout . A few days after it settled , the top surface started developing bubbles . Looks ugly ass hell . Ruined my layout and my friends layout as well . Do n't use it . Stay away .
 `` Realistic Water , '' by Woodland Scenics , was a very disappointing product . I bought it to use with two dioramas , one for puddles on a muddy road , the other for a jungle stream . I ended up conducting over 10 , and I am not exaggerating -LRB- though I wish I was -RRB- experiments to try and get this stuff to work . I changed paints and inks I mixed it with , or just used it by itself , trying different sealers and base material along with different climatic conditions ; however , after each experiment , some new problem developed . The trouble with `` Realist Water '' is :1 -RRB- Before even starting , it is expensive2 -RRB- When applying the product - it shrinks after application -LRB- even if you pour it under 1/8 inch -RRB- 3 -RRB- It develops bubbles when curing4 -RRB- It develops an undulating surface around scenery5 -RRB- It is extremely susceptible to climactic conditions -LRB- too cold , too hot , too humid , too dry , too temperate - like Goldilocks with sort term memory loss -RRB- 6 -RRB- It is very viscus and is hard to contain the poured section7 -RRB- and most disappointingly , it cracks creating very noticeable fissures all over the `` water `` Though the product claims to be easy to use , the typical pour and go speel , after numerous experiments , I was not willing to use it for even a 4 inch long , 2 inch wide jungle stream . It even ruined my 1/2 inch by 1/2 inch mud puddles after it still managed to develop bubbles and shrunk into the depression . I sort of managed to cosmetically fix that diorama , good enough for sale but not for display . Honestly though , I am an artist here , not a scientist ; I should be spending my time on the diorama , not trying to make this Frankenstein serum come to life . God knows what this stuff will do in the long term . So , looking at the positive side , I would only recommend this product to your nemesis at a modeling competition . By far the better options for realistic looking diorama water are resin compounds for furniture , glosses , varnishes or silicon putties , all available at your hardware store for at least half the price and with the entire home building industry to vouch for them . Unfortunately , `` Realistic Water '' only looks realistic when you leave it in the bottle .
 Did not have in god we trust on it . I heard about them doing that to new coins . Hahahaha , though i am sure no one but me prolly cares about that . So just ignore me . : P
 I just purchased this puzzle for my 16 month old daughter who enjoys it . However , the colors of the plug and the hole are supposed to match and they do n't . Some are just very different shades and two are different colors altogether -LRB- purple versus blue / orange versus red -RRB- . Since color recognition is a fundamental aspect of this puzzle , this seems to be a significant flaw.I also found as another reviewer did that the pieces do n't seem to have been removed and cleaned after the jig cut them out . There is particle board dust that seems to keep wearing off with continued use even after it is cleaned with a damp cloth . This can be considered a small trade off for the price of the toy since it is so functional and educational.However , the only concern I have with the dust is whether there are any chemicals from glue or other materials that might have some degree of toxicity . The pieces are in no way deteriorating of crumbling apart ; there is just dust that my daughter found fascinating and began licking off her fingers.The pegs to hold the pieces are perfect . The pieces fit well , not too loose , not too tight . I really like this puzzle for my daughter and hope that I can get it exchanged for one that has accurately corresponding colors .
 We were so happy to have received this as a gift for our daughter . However , there is not one piece that correctly goes into place . The circle , which you would assume would be the easiest piece to place -LRB- since there are no edges -RRB- is the hardest to place , because of the notch that was made to cut out the circle . The remaining pieces -LRB- excluding the oval and rectangle -RRB- should fit in any direction , however they are only cut to fit one way . For instance , the square -LRB- 4 right angles -RRB- should fit in any direction , but it only fits one way . We are highly disappointed in this company .
 My 13 month old son loves this , but I unfortunately have to echo the comments that it 's poorly made . The saw dust went away after a bit , and I can live with the fact that the pieces can sometimes be difficult to put in , but the biggest problem is that my son is chewing the paper off the top of the pieces . It 's kind of shocking actually , that they would manufacture a product that could be chewed away so easily when the product is geared toward children that are likely to put things in their mouths ! I 'll probably end up throwing it out shortly , but I 'm hoping to find a replacement from a different company before I do . Bottom line is that I would never buy this again or gift it to anyone I cared about .
 Not great . You can put red hexagon in to blue circle hole . It can confused player .
 So disappointed to read MADE IN CHINA on the back ... especially because it is painted wood ... no more Melissa and Doug for us
 I have to complain about the poor craftsmanship for this product . On the surface it initially looks great . But once we opened it up and took out the puzzle pieces , it was a different story . The board and pieces are made of 3 layers of wood glued together . The middle layer somehow missed being finished , so each time the pieces rub against each other , wood dust accumulates . I 've wiped at the edges several times over the course of the past several weeks now and I still see more dust every time . The shapes are generally correct , in that the circle and square fits in any orientation , but it 's obvious that these are handmade -LRB- i.e. not a perfect circle , etc -RRB- . The pictures are not perfectly aligned , either . The edges are rough , which may or may not have to do with the lack of finished wood . The knobs are also loose on a few pieces . One knob spins freely , yet the screw appears to be tightened all the way . I suspect the guide hole was not made deep enough , or not enough force was used to screw in the screw . All in all , I do n't like the quality of the craftsmanship of this toy . In terms of it being educational , I think it will be great , but I would not purchase this item again .
 In addition to the problem with sawdust that other reviewers noted , I did not like how the pieces only fit in the exact way they were cut out . For example , you can not rotate the circle even though it seems like you should be able to . Rather the imperfections of the sawing means that the circle only fits in the space if you line up the imperfections exactly . It is very frustrating to see my son successfully match the shapes only for the piece not to go in because of poor design . He thinks he messed up some how and then gives up because the toy looks impossible . By the time a child is old enough to know how to line it up exactly , I would imagine a simple shapes toy like this would not be interesting . It is also extremely heavy for the age group for which it is marketed . It also looks like it is made of thick plywood , not solid wood . Try the kid o puzzleKID O Recognizing Shapes Puzzlewhich is actually for 1 + according to the manufacturer . Those shapes fit perfectly in any direction .
 My twins got this for their first birthday about a month ago . They like it and they understand what to do with it , which is great , but the poor workmanship makes it hard for them to actually put the pieces where they go . Each piece will only go in one way -- so if , for example , you put the circle in `` upside down '' , it wo n't fit . How can a circle be upside down ?? This is really frustrating because they often get it right -LRB- right shape , right hole -RRB- , but because they have it turned upside down or rotated one or two turns -LRB- for shapes like the pentagon and triangle -RRB- , it wo n't go in . The pieces should fit whichever way they 're rotated . -LRB- And the octagon should not fit in the circle hole -- which it does , quite nicely ! -RRB- Even if my kids do get it right , however , the pieces do n't easily slide into place -- the particle board catches on itself . It requires a higher level of manual dexterity than it should for the concept of the toy.All of this makes it difficult for my kids to do what they 're supposed to with the toy , so they get frustrated . This morning I found them banging the pieces on the board over and over -- and churning up sawdust from the poorly finished edges in the process . Gross . And dangerous.I love the idea of this toy , but the way it 's been made makes me recommend that you look elsewhere for a better version of the same thing . We 're going to try sanding off the edges of all the pieces and see if that helps a bit.UPDATE
 In general I really love Melissa and Doug products . We have so many and have really enjoyed the quality , the clever designs , the learning opportunities and the non-toxic coatings . I could not speak more highly about them . And when faced with a decision to purchase a competitor , there is no contest . Until now.I am really disappointed with the Jumbo Knob Puzzle Geometric Shapes . Our daughter is repeatedly frustrated with this puzzle because although the shapes are typically symmetrical , these puzzle pieces/spots are not . As a result she second guesses her correct choices , gets frustrated , unhappy and confused . This puzzle is poorly designed . The spots for each shape should have been symmetrical , just as each of these shapes actually are in real life . I agree with the other posts , a circle should never be `` upside down '' . Unfortunately , this puzzle is going into the trash , instead of being used and enjoyed like it ought to be . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I will say the 3-d fx do work ... for a hand-full of pictures , you have to lay out all the cards -LRB- you will need a massive table or the kitchen floor -RRB- and search for random objects great concept poorly executed . as the title of the review stated . The 10 year old said `` this is the worst game ever '' we played it once and it 's collecting dust on the shelf .
 I got this doll 4 Christmas and I absolutly HATE her ! I mean her clothes r pretty n princessy but I do n't like her and never will because :1 . Her eyes r purple and r 2 big .2 . Her hair is 2 dark -LRB- she sorta looks like sasha -RRB- and long .3 . I hate her bangs.Other than these reasons , I sorta like her .
 I loved her ! but then , i looked at the customer image . She is n't as good as i thought .
 Roxxi is my favorite Bratz doll . She is the bagirl of the lot , and a sometimes goth , sometimes punk fashion rebel . So understandably I was shocked to see this rather mild Roxxi princess look . Being punky does n't mean you ca n't be a princess , but the doll 's make-up is so `` cute '' that it 's ridiculous . Also , her hair and eye color changed from the original model . Roxxi has violet-blue eyes , with dark auburn-red hair . But here she has aqua blue eyes and simple brown hair ! It 's disappointing , to say the least . If you really want a Roxxi doll , buy the Bratz Tresures edition.Erm , that is all.CHOW ! And do n't touch the sushi.XOXOXO , Roxanne
 I thought Roxxi liked wearing dark colors , but this seems to be more of phoebe 's style.I 'm a roxxi fan , but not this roxxi.Her outfit is just ... not her.I agree with that person who does not like her outfit . `` Goth girl14 : A goth who likes bratz .
 this doll is so cool i love roxxi she is my favorite bratz i even have the first bratz twins roxxi and pheobe and they are still in the box u should buy her becuse her hair is so long and nice i love it coolie and if anyone says dont buy her dont believe them and if they just say that its giving bad ideas for kids ITS JUST A DOLL PEOPLE THEY WONT HURT YOU AND IF YOU HATE THEM THEN DONT BUY THEM THATS ALL THEY SPEND HARD TIMES DOING THESE ESPECIALLY THE LIL BRATZ YOU this doll is gorgues and cool and ghreat clothesthis is roxxies STYLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i have always known roxxi as `` the evil twin '' but now they make her as aprincess ??? it doesnt make sense at all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dont buy her . their are betterroxxis out there . at least much better than this one . take my advice and dont buy it !
 As an older Bratz lover and collector , I view the Genie Magic collection as somewhat belittling for such a fashion-forward doll . I am in high school , and my favorite Bratz were the older ones with bolder colors and gothy make-up . The newer Bratz are a bit on the cheap side , and these Genie Magic dolls are a new low . The clothes are ugly , the make-up is ghetto fabulous . Bratz have always been Ghetto Fabulous , but this make-up is over-glossy and Barbie-cheap . Maybe your typical 10-year-old will like this doll , but it really wo n't make her stand out in the playpen . Almost every girl has a `` cute '' doll . But very few have unorthodox dolls with personality , dolls that stand out and get lookovers . If you 're going to spend over $ 10 on a doll , make sure it 's different from what everyone else has?Erm , that is all.CHOW ! And do n't touch the sushi.XOXOXO , Roxanne
 Buy a Bratz ONLY if you want to spend half of the day attempting to get it OUT of the packaging !!!! I bought a Bratz doll and a Brabie Fairytopia for my daughter . Within five minutes , I had the Barbie opened and she was playing with it very happily . Forty-five minutes later , I was still working on getting the Bratz out of the box . I finally gave up !! It is actually glued in the center in the box !!! What idiots would glue a doll into a box ???? I called the company and the representative hung up on me ! The next person I talked to gave me a fake email address ! Buy Barbie instead !
 My son bought the green and tan stikfas . First he was disapointed that there was only one figure . He 'd imagined a number to set up a battle . At this price that is unlikely . -LRB- Maybe this is a creative toy for grown ups in there early 20 's with lots of money . -RRB- He built it , searched the web site , did an experimental bit of decorating and left it on the dining room table for a week . They are currently living in a zip lock bag .
 On the plus side , these tub toys are hard plastic with no holes so they float all of the time and do n't fill up with nasty mildew water . My 15 month old constantly chews on them and the paint has yet to chip off . The bad thing about this toy is it does not stack up -LRB- as shown in the advertisement -RRB- making them a little frustrating for my daughter to play with , and in my opinion are n't really worth $ 6.00 .
 I thought these were going to be a lot of fun . However , when floating in the tub , you ca n't really stack the tubby tumblers . My daughter thinks they 're ok , but she prefers plain old rubber ducks .
 I guess I overlooked the ` sold individually ' portion of this description and I swear they have elaborated since I ordered this , but I still got ta say
 My DH found one of these cards at a local retailer . They had just one left . Too bad DH did n't look closer at the items on the card . It 's impossible to get a bingo in any direction with the card we have , living in the suburbs as we do . They have things like Silo , Tractor , Haystack . Yeah , right . None of those around here . It makes for a very frustrated kid . This was n't as good of an idea as DH thought .
 I 'm a Bratz lover , and while Cloe has never been my favorite , this doll is just cheap . The costume is unispired and the colors are ugly , while the make-up is too subtle . Unlike many of the other Bratz dolls , the Genie Magic dolls do n't have a good `` replay '' value . You ca n't mix and match these clothes easily , because they 're too costume-y . Also , the who look of this doll is remeniscent of 90s Barbies , with their cheesy and elaborate playsets . If you want a Cloe doll your kids will actually like , go buy the Rock Angelz one.Erm , that is all.CHOW ! And do n't touch the sushi.XOXOXO , Roxanne
 This happens to be a poor choice toy for a child.Reasons
 ok , first of all i got this for my birthday , and boy , what a waste of money!when i was playing with her and genie magic katia , i lifted her arm up to twirl and it snapped off ! i never played with it again . plus her hair fell out when i brushed it . do n't buy this doll , instead get genie magic katia -LRB- exclusively with bottle -RRB- , or genie magic meygan . i love bratz , but not this one !
 This doll looks even uglier than the blonde Anna Coren Doll -- or was that a Tonya Coren doll ? Blonde dolls are ugly - that 's all I can say .
 I AM CONFUSED I THOUGHT THAT THESE TWINS WERE SUPPOSE TO BE A SET OF A BROTHER AND A SISTER . AND FROM THIS PICTURE I DONT SEE ONE THATS A GUY . THEY SHOULD TAKE OFF ALL OF THE WRITING THAT SAYS `` BROTHER ''
 We were not impressed by this toy . It is a great concept for the bathtub toys , but it 's hard for even an adult to make a basket in the small square opening .
 I bought 2 sets of these for my boys for Christmas and they are really a net idea . The problem is that the hoop is VERY heavy and does n't stick to the wall . It constantly falls down and the boys get really frustrated . I end up holding it for them -LRB- so much fun for me -RRB- . The balls are fun and cute -LRB- and easy for little hands to squeeze -RRB- but the hoop is really a piece of trash . There are better bath toys out there - save your money !
 I wanted to like this product . After all , the aesthetic is great . Unfortunately it is poorly designed , mainly for one reason
 The screw that holds the handle bar did not fit since the holes where not aligned . I had to use a drill to make a larger hole . I was expected better product from this brand .
 I thought this would be perfect bike for my little daughter , but the bike is poorly designed . Every time she tried to push with her legs , her heels got caught on the back tires . And the seat is really far away for the target age . I do n't recommend this product .
 My mother purchased this for my daughter for Christmas . At the time she was 15 months old . She was just tall enough for the lowest setting on the seat . She quickly learned to climb on and off and go forwards and backwards and loved her bike . The steering was a little stiff and took a while for her to get the hang of it.As spring came we moved outdoors and she got better at steering . She grew so I moved the seat to the second setting . Now , at 18-20 months , the bike is n't so great -- when she tries to go forward , the back of her feet hit those rear wheels - every time ! I 've tried every height setting on the seat and it does n't make a difference . She always wants to ride her bike , but gives up after just a few feet - who would want their feet to get hit all the time ! The rear wheels are just a few inches too close to the seat.We will be looking for a replacement . Disappointing .
 My son has been using this for close to 5 months now and he 's had the same problem from day 1 - his heels keep hitting the rear wheels . I did n't really mind so much when he was just starting to walk but now that he 's running around , he has learned to take baby steps while using it so his heels wo n't hit the rear wheels .
 Unfortunately , we had to return this bike . I assembled it and I have assembled many toys , but all 4 wheels would not sit on the ground . One wheel was never touching the ground . I called radio flyer , they were very nice by the way , and they re-sent me some parts and the problem still existed . I even had my father try , who is a boat builder by trade , and he had the same problem . Aside from this problem , the steering was very stiff and the wheels did not move freely enough , thus my son quickly lost interest . He was just shy of 2 at the time .
 I agree with some other reviewers that this bike is poorly designed . Our daughter has the same problem of her feet hitting the back wheels when she tries to scoot . Some of the features are nice , like the adjustable height of the seat , the easy turning of the wheels using the handlebar , and she loves to ring the bell , but it is too frustrating for her to ride on this toy because her range of motion is limited by the wheels . She ends up trying to compensate by making the bike scoot backward . Not how it was intended to be used . It 's a good looking bike , but the function is very poorly designed .
 I bought this for my grandaughter 's second birthday . It was too small for her and she is n't very large for her age . The quality was good and she liked the bell but was not able to ride it without her knees bumping into the handlebars .
 This kids scootter/bike is a major pos . Cheap welds , even cheaper screw on parts , steering is bad , offset welds . Do not buy this .
 this item was ordered with `` free with super saver shipping . '' however , we were still charged shipping and within minutes of the confirmation email , this order `` could not be changed . '' no apparent way to get in contact with anyone and ammend the order . very displeased with this service !
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy one of these . The support is poor and worst of all our Mix Stick in the `` chrome blue '' stopped playing about 4 months after we bought it . My 8 yr old son got it for a Xmas gift and loved it then it just died . You could plug it into your computer and it would n't recognize it so there was just nothing you could do . I researched it quite a bit trying to fine some answers but to no avail.If you are going to get an MP3 player I suggest that you get an MP3 player with better support , longer warranty and has a battery you can replace . For the same price my Philips SA1110 1GB has all these things and it 's now my son 's .
 I purchased this mp3 player for 2 of my sons christmas presents . After charging them like it says , I loaded the songs ... and nothing . I ca n't get either player to even start . I carefully followed the directions and ca n't even turn it on now . I have been trying to figure out this player almost all day.I thought a Disney mp3 player would be great for a young child , but it is lacking in some basics that I would expect on any mp3 player . Even if I could turn it on , there is no no menu . There is no way to sort your music -LRB- except to hit the MIX IT button -RRB- or even see what you are listening too . I thought the tiny square window on the player was a display area , but it is ONLY a window that you can see `` clip cards '' or an sd card in . The other thing it needs is a better on/off switch . It flashed red/green while it is charging . When I unplugged it from my computer and turned it on no light came on , is it on or off ? I am guessing off because we ca n't get any music to play . Of course I would know this for sure if there were some kind of display !!! I am returning these 2 units and purchasing ones I know will work the way I want them to .
 We bought this mix stick for our daughter for an 8th birthday gift . We thought it a great intro to the world of MP3 players . It is easy enough to use , just plug into your computer and load songs on it . It works like a flash drive . BUT , 6 months later it stopped working , for no reason . This child is very careful with her things and it truly just stopped . I tried to solve the problem myself , but there is NO online support for this thing . Just some useless FAQs . I called Memorex customer service and was told the warranty was 45 days and to replace was $ 38 . Of course I could get her a new one for about $ 5 more . This is NOT WORTH THE MONEY for only 45 days of guranteed service . Spend $ 30 more and get an ipod shuffle . More storage space , cute colors and WAY better warranty and online support .
 I agree that these products are not worth then money . I bought one for my six year old niece and have been trying to get it ready for her to use but the lack of display means that you 're pressing buttons and not even sure whether the command is being activated - especially as the plastic seems quite weak and does n't feel like it will be durable . I think they 've tried to simplify the MP3 player and in the process made it too complicated.The most annoying thing though is that , accepting the flaws above , I have perservered with the mix stick and loaded the music only to find that the speakers Disney sell for their original mix sticks do n't work with the new 1GB version . I 've tried my own iPod on the speakers and they work fine , but when I plug in the mix stick , the sound is barely audible and the lights do n't flash.My instinct is that the speakers are good value and a decent product -LRB- I got them for 9.99 on Amazon 's UK website -RRB- but it 's best to go with a cheaper MP3 player from an electronics make , not from Disney.How very disappointing !
 I bought this for my 8 yr old daughter , who really loved the design . We were able to upload to it easily - functionality was fine . Unfortunately , the MP3 player worked fine for a few months , but now it wo n't charge , and wo n't work at all . Very disappointing ! Price reflects quality on this one .
 Now let me say my husband and I were both avid Lite Brite players as children . We were thrilled to receive this as a gift for our own children ! The excitement has since dwindled , since my frustration with this toy escalates so much using this `` updated version '' that I have to `` calm down '' each time we try to use it.The little casing which holds all of the pegs is completely awful . It is so hard to open I usually have to have my husband help me !!! Then occasionally when I do open it myself it swings open with such a jolt that the pegs fly everywhere ! This has been one cleaning up mess of pegs after another ever since we got this toy.The second problem is that this should NEVER be a battery operated toy at all - and to make matters worse , there 's no off button for the light . It 's on for 3 minutes and that 's that . So if your child accidentally -LRB- or curiously -RRB- presses the light button before all the pegs are in , it 's sort of just ruined . And you ca n't turn it off !!! Another thing I do n't like as well is how it lays down flat instead of how the older ones stand at an angle . That sure made it more user friendly.Honestly , you 'd be better off finding the old style one on eBay . Please save your money on this . The joys of this toy are just stolen by its extremely poor craftsmanship .
 Talk about cheap . We got one of these for my daughter 's birthday and I was excited . I had one when I was a kid . It turned on when I put in the batteries -LRB- more later -RRB- but the on/off switch did not work . So I took it back and got another . Same problem , on/off switch did not work . Talk about quality control issues.Another complaint . I would prefer the old school electric plug , but they 've switched to batteries . Fine . The bulb they use is smaller than a night light bulb , yet it takes 3 D size batteries to run it . Are you kidding me ? I think you could light that with 1 C in 1970 . Inefficient , wasteful , bad for the environment , expensive to run.Design could not be much worse . Find a 20 year old model on eBay .
 While my daughter loves this the roll out compartment below is useless . Takes such force to roll it out all the pegs fly everywhere . Every . Time . Put the pegs in a separate container for your sanities sake . Plus , batteries to operate something that could easily be plugged in ? And the light . There 's no on/off switch . Very annoying .
 All cons -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- : - Smaller screen ; standard-sized construction paper has to be sized , then cut -LRB- I am lazy -RRB- . - Included pic sheets are slick , not matte , therefore , the pegs are `` held '' less well.-Peg holder is hard to open for tots.-Pegs are shorter in length now ; even hobbit hands have trouble grasping theses pegs , then placing them in pic.-Bulb is about as bright as a firefly 's glow.-Bulb action fades just as you are beginning to check out the lighted pic , bringing on disappointment and resentment.-Batteries are needed.The old-school version -LRB- very early 80 's -RRB- has never been recalled . Get your butt to ebay pronto if you want bright creativity .
 The game includes nowhere to store the black sheets for the `` screen '' . The storage drawer jams every time you close it so opening it tends to result in pegs flying all over the room . You can turn the light on but not off ; I seem to recall that we had on/off light technology even way back when I was a kid . The pegs do n't stay in well , the blue pegs tend not to glow at all unless they 're directly above the light bulb.You 'd think with many generations of children to evolve and perfect this toy it would have gotten better rather than worse ; your expectations would be frustrated .
 This Lite Brite is not this year 's ` model ' , peg holder bin sticks too hard for young fingers to open and the on/off button is stuck in ` on ' position . I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas but did not give it to her ... I was disappointed in this toy and knew she would be too . Do n't know now if a refund is possible ?
 I remember the lite-brite when I was a child and this does n't even come close to comparing . The diagrams are n't well made , many pegs need ` filing down ' to fit in the pegs . The drawer to store the pegs is very difficult to open and when you do get it open pegs go flying everywhere . I would have easily paid another $ 20-30 for a better product . Do n't recommend .
 I was excited to get this for my daughters as I have very fond memories of it as a child . It is poorly made , the screen is small . The light on the red one illuminates the sides of the toy as well as the screen thus the colors are not as vibrant . It does not do that on the purple one . The worst part is the case that the pegs sit in - I thought this was a good idea , except that whenever they try to open it , the case sticks and the pegs go flying . I am still stepping on errant pegs . They used up the pages in one day , and I can not find more .
 This product is a huge disappointment . It will not stand up , the pegs fall out of the board , the light is on an auto timer and there is no way to manually turn it off . I would not recommend this for purchase.We did a wish list at Amazon for this Christmas and will not do so again . We now have to return three of the items we purchased due to poor quality and broken pieces and due to the draconian return policies at Amazon we do n't even know if they will take back the products . It is not worth it . Next year we will purchase through local retail stores . Never again , Amazon .
 i bought this toy yesterday and i ended up throwing it across the room . the tentacles will not go on his back . its just a whole mess of agravation . dont buy this toy
 My son wanted this toy so badly for his birthday . I finally found the only one in town and it is a disaster . How difficult would it have been for the designers to actually figure a way for the arms to lock in place ?? They do not stay in the back at all . This toy has since caused tears and frustration . Do n't buy this piece of junk !
 My Wild life sarfi Yasmin and Cade is dating . Cade took her to the sushi louge an she said it wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better than the party spot
 I bought this for my 18 month old son for Christmas . It was broken within a half an hour . Usually Little Tikes stuff is great and lasts for years , but this was very disappointing . Do n't waste your money !
 I am disappointed in the quality . Poles for mop heads are very flimsy and mop/broom do n't stay on pole very well . Kids love the set but I do n't feel it will last long under constant use . I am surprised that the little Tikes brand would not have better quality . I would not recommend this product based on the brand name or quality of construction for the price paid .
 This is the worst thing i have ever bought , they should be paying people to take these off their hands , or better yet recycle some to make trashcans so you can throw the rest of them away . I am very unhappy with the quality of this `` toy '' and i use the word toy loosley , because all its good for is to push the cars around the track by hand using the mechanism to pust the cars around dosnt work well at all , your lucky if you can even get the cars started.I can believe you would actally even seel souch a piece of ... let alone put you name on it . I will return this `` toy '' and for their sake i hope they dont ask whats wrong with it ...
 Made the mistake of buying this set from Toysrus as they were out of complete race tracks other than this one . It is powered by a catapult type system that I had trouble with , much less my five year old and three year old . Why is it so hard just to find a Hot Wheels race track that is powered by a battery and makes the cars go around the track . This thing is a waste of money and my kids were discouraged in about two minutes . I tried a little longer to make it work properly but gave up . It will be going back to the store .
 Although this toy is colorful , inviting and the spiral shoot is fun and stimulating . The spiral shoot sits in the middle of the ball pit and takes up most of the ball space . There is only 12 inches between the shoot and the sides of the ball pit - meaning . . your little one has only 12inches to climb in and play with the balls . I agree with the last reviewer that I can not see how a 3 yr old would fit in this toy . This toy would have been MUCH better if they could 've somehow put the spiral shoot on the side so the kids could have some room to play IN the balls.My son got this when he was 13 months . There was only enough space for him to climb in & sit . He could n't move around , roll around , lay down , jump into the balls or any of the other fun stuff you do in a ball pit . It gets boring if all a child can do is climb in & sit . The only fun part about this toy is throwing the balls into the shoot & watching them spiral down . But at 13 mo. old , it was way to tall & difficult for him to throw the balls in the shoot so we had to do it for him . Our son is now 17mo -LRB- 25 pnds -RRB- . He is starting to get the idea of putting the balls in the shoot but it is still to tall for him & he still needs our help . He also hardly ever climbs in with the balls anymore as he 's starting to feel cramped and does n't sit/fit as comfortably as he use to . He now sits on the edge & throws the balls . I 'm sure he 'll grow out of the ball area by 2 yrs old.Because of the way the shoot sits in the middle , this toy is not that fun ... either your child is young enough to fit in with the balls but then has a hard time reaching the shoot OR your child is old enough to reach the shoot but will have a hard time fitting in with the balls . Anybody buying this toy should only get it with the understanding that it 's more like an ovesized spiral ball shoot and not at all a toy where your kids can jump in with the balls and roll around . Remember that even if a child fits in the ball area - with 12 inches of room , the only thing a child can do is sit & throw the balls -LRB- they ca n't even kick their feet ! -RRB- Other then that , this toy is pretty durable . My older boys play `` war '' with it and it 's still like new . Also make sure you have a pump . This toy is just about impossible to blow it up by mouth .
 My daughter is on the short side and she sits in this just fine . At 20 months she loves to watch the balls come down . However , as I see her play in it and now read the reviews I 'm not the only one that agrees the play area is too small and her being a small girl , could probably play with this for a while but when she gets bigger it wont be much fun . She tries to jump in them but hits the sides and the middle is in the way . I was going to buy the one that has an open pit with a doggy head they can crawl through and mistakenly bought this thinking it was cheaper . Tag was wrongly priced . If I hadnt spent the time blowing it up and adding extra balls I would have returned it.I recommend anyone that is looking to get one that is open more so they can roll , play and jump in them .
 We bought a Type-90 tank for our son who I ca n't describe how much he wanted one of these . When it arrived , we fortunately made the decision to test it as it was for Christmas and he wanted it so badly . The tank would not respond to the controller other than the lights coming on . We would have liked to have talked to a person at either Amazon or the company . The only contact we could make was to the company by email . They did have a number on the box to call , but after trying to call several times on several different days and no one ever answered-we left voice messages that were never answered . We did finally contact them by email . The response was at best in broken English which at one point led us to believe we were getting a $ 30 discount . It turns out that we would have to pay $ 30 . It was only a $ 43 tank and the shipping was on us . So we just took the loss and are out the price of the tank.SO , BUYER BEWARE !
 Bought this to play around the house . . The kids had about 5 min of fun before the battery ran down ... I have all type of chargers , some are around 200ea ... It def came with a battery with a bad cell ... I can live with that and get a new battery ... . The gun will not shoot reliably ... I was thinking airsoft bb , that was the reason for buying ... . All I hear is click , click , then 3 pellets come out at once ... If they had a more reliable system , even one that used co2 cartridges , then it would be 4 stars ... . I did n't send it back ... I bit the bullet and will modify it when I have time ...
 We bought this at one of the `` Day out with Thomas '' events and it has to rank as the worst puzzle I 've ever seen , let alone purchased . The pieces are all oddly shaped and have no way to interlock . Worse yet , they all have curvy edges that make it hard to line them up until you have most of them in place.It 's essentially a frustrating waste of money . And since someone went to the trouble of writing up a negative review of a $ 5 item , that should tell you just how bad it is .
 Bought this backhoe at Target last night . This morning , my son found it and was so excited . Very difficult to unpack . Had to use my electric screwdriver to take off 8 screws from bottom of packaging . The noises that the toy made irritated my son , and he asked me to remove the batteries -LRB- 4 AA batteries -RRB- . We have many battery operated toys that make noises , but this one is particularly obnoxious.Took the toy out to the sandbox today at the park , and son played with it about 5 minutes , then went on to other activities . It still had a tag on the lever reading `` pull to activate . '' I pulled and the small plastic lever cracked . I noticed the whole toy was stiff and the buckets hardly moved at all , perhaps because of the plastic plates on sides that appear to have been added for finger protection . In any case , this toy was a major disappointment , and am returning to store tomorrow .
 My boy dropped this off of a small kid table , about 14 '' off the floor , and broke one of the hydraulic cylinder rams . No problem , everything else works fine . Then , a few weeks later , the bucket wo n't lift/lower . Nice.It was fun while it lasted , but it did n't last long . My three-year-old got a total of about 3 play hours with this . I would n't recommend it .
 Our horse was scratched up on one side . My daughter cried and cried . I tried to contact the supplier and never recieved any contact back . I would have returned the toy but my daughter decided to she wanted to play with it so we kept it . It was all in the original packaging so I am not sure where the defect occurred ; it may have been a manufacturing defect .
 Put sand in the base as recommended on the package . Blew up the bag without incident . Placed the bag on the floor for my 5 year-old to start hitting , and sand appeared on the floor . The cap sealing the sand compartment on the bottom had torn away already from bag . Very poor design of that cap , just a seem tore perhaps when transferring from my lap when filling to the floor . We did do the duct-tape solution as ca n't return , but would recommend looking elsewhere for a bop bag .
 This expensive for what it is toy hasnt held air since we first blew it up . My kid is depressed because they had been waiting for it to get here and its garbage.My opinion of Amazon is not reflected in this review . Amazon.com is the only site that I order from online . All my other purchases have been wonderful . Thank you Amazon .
 I was so excited to have Santa bring this home to our three year old . He is such a big superman fan . By the end of the first night we were having to re-inflate again . By morning the poor thing was on the ground . We kept up the process for about a week and then it just got to be too much work . Too bad , this would have been great .
 First of all it is not a Toy the way you think of it , it is a collectible . Second , this has to be the third or fourth e-mail I have received about a review on it.third , It came broken and I do not have it as it went back to UPS and the vendor was not very fast in resolving the situation.Lastly , I am very disgusted with the entire process I had to go through with Amazon and the vendor of this product.PLEASE SEND NO MORE E-MAILS TO ME ON ANYTHING !!!!!
 Took forever to put this together and then found not all the parts were included . It 's also not as durable as we had hoped . I 'm very surprised coming from playmobil that it was not better made .
 This product provides just 10 feet of track and a car for $ 30 dollars . It should cost $ 5 . Do not buy , as it is simply too expensive . $ 30 should get at least 100 feet of track .
 I wish I had read the one review of this item prior to purchasing it , because it would have saved me time and disappointment . I echo everything it stated . I expected to receive an assortment of six rubber ducks , but instead only received one ! I would never have purchased one rubber duck for $ 10 . The picture and description of this product are completely misleading . Save your money and do NOT buy this product from this seller ! Buy rubber ducks somewhere else ! On a positive note , Amazon resolved this matter quickly for me without any hassle . I was issued a full refund without paying any return shipping costs .
 I was very excited to receive these ducks as my 3 boys fight over the 2 we have . But when my package arrived , there was only 1 duckie , not an assortment of 6 !!!! If you are going to purchase this item , make sure that they are going to send you 6 and not 1 before purchasing . It 's very deceiving and so I called the seller . They did not feel bad about placing the wrong description . I would never purchase from this seller ever again .
 I thought I was buying `` polka dot duck assorted '' however I recieved only 1 rubber duck ! 1 duck for $ 15 ! That is crazy !! I returned this item through Amazon and got a full refund including shipping . I am very pleased with Amazon , NOT with this seller !!!
 Okay so I purchased several rubber ducks for my daughters first birthday . I was so disappointed when I received 1 $ 15.00 rubber duck in the mail after purchasing what I thought was six rubber ducks . The item was titled `` Elegant Baby Polka Dot Duck Asst. '' and the picture to the item showed six ducks . When in fact you only get one duck . Needless to say , there is nothing special about the rubber duck . I was disappointed to say the least . It was cute but not worth $ 15.00 .
 this company sent me this already been opened and used returned toy.battery inside seeping acid and I dont think they even come with the batterys.once again dumping damaged inventory on unsuspecting customers.hopeing they dont have time to return it like me . Right in to the trash . thank you amozon.com for protecting your valuable customers .
 Got nice detalining on the head/heat , the quality of the fabric/body is questionable -LRB- not very pleasing -RRB- and its hand keeps popping out on its own , as the cane is too heavy for it . Do n't recommend it , too bad , though : /
 I purchased this tone set to use in my kindergarten classroom . The description states that there are two different tones , however the item I received did not have two different tones . What is the point of having two tones when they are the same ?
 Not exactly a plush doll , more like styro-foam . And of course it 's made in china . What 's in that stuff ? The material it is made of is so dense it makes it hard . Not so snuggly for my 3 year old who specifically requested a Bart doll to sleep with .
 Do n't waste your money on any of the Disney Fairies toys . We bought our girls the whole collection for Christmas and pieces have been breaking right and left during the two weeks since . My girls are n't rough by any means , yet legs fall off and ca n't be repaired even with glue , wings crack and hair knots . We will never buy our kids toys like this again . It 's back to the educational toy department next Christmas !
 I ca n't stand the music-it reminds me of something you would hear in a bad horror flick . My daughter has had this since she was a few months old -LRB- she is now a year old -RRB- but has never shown much interest in it .
 My child loves the 20Q product made by this company but this one has disappointed us . My 9 year old gave up on this quickly because the simplest level 1 speed was too fast and frustrated her quickly . It 's definitely aimed at adults . I was looking for activities for my children ; i.e. hangman , math facts , recall . I took a risk on this item based on its very vague description here at amazon . I could n't find detailed info about it anywhere on the web , nor did I find the product in any stores . It 's not what I was hoping it would be . This is our second electronic toy disappointment this Christmas morning . Now I wonder what the return policy is for products which must be forcibly extracted with a utility knife from their plastic package before you can actually find out what they are !
 This game is pretty lame . I did not even have to open the package and read the instructions to determine that it is oudated and boring . The graphics look like old Tetris or something . Plus , the unit had obviously been sitting in a warehouse for quite some time and it did not seem to work properly . I promptly returned it for a refund .
 My daughter received this for a birthday gift and was thrilled when she saw the box . However , after taking the pieces out and putting them together , and putting them together , and then putting them together AGAIN , she lost all interest in it . She loves the 2 cats from the movie and was most excited they were included . The wedding arch falls apart if you look at it wrong.I would not spend my money on this unless you intend to sit there with your child and reconstruct the thing every time she moves .
 this was a christmas present and it continues to fall apart . the archways do not stay on them . too expensive for what you really get . i ended up putting most of it away except for the center cake piece and the cats . I would not buy it .
 this toy is only good for decoration . it collapses very easily and its parts , some of them small and necessary , are quickly misplaced .
 My daughter got this for Christmas and she was so excited for us to open it . It is the most flimsy and cheap toy . It will not stay together or stand up . The only durable parts of the toy are the wedding cake and the cats . Please , do not waste your money on this toy .
 I think I 've thrown piece by piece of that flimsy `` toy '' away . My girls played with it once , then they could n't get it to stay together so they never played with it again . DO N'T BUY IT !
 My little girl LOVES having Barbie weddings and so when she got this playset for her b-day she was on cloud 9 . That bubble abruptly broke when the playset kept falling apart.The accessories are really cute though -- my daughter especially loves the cat 's tophat -LRB- he 's so dapper !! -RRB- and the wedding cake.I am not sure that the cats & cake are worth what we paid for the set though . Save yourself the aggravation and look for a different wedding set .
 Spent at least an hour trying various methods to get the Grip-N-Rip over an adult softball bat knob . Yes , before even starting I 'd seen the instructions on their web site . Failed . Again and again . Tried boiling some water and heating up the Grip to loosen it up . Failed . Again and again . Finally just cut it with a scissors , put it on the end -LRB- does n't fit tight , of course -RRB- and put some tape over it . It 's an inexpensive product so I did n't expect much , and I 'm using it on an extra 28 oz . bat my team has -LRB- an old aluminum -- we just bought a composite -RRB- so it 's no big loss . Nonetheless , be prepared for some difficulty getting the Grip on the bat and if you lack patience or are quite evidently the wimpiest guy on Amazon , you 'll end up writing a review like mine .
 i only got two in the mail shows four on order , dont know what happen to the other 2 . maybe misinformed .
 very cheap and not done well at all . . I wish I had not ordered these , I went to a train show and bought better for cheaper
 Being new to this toy , I did n't realize that I ordered only the software . I ordered 2 types of My First LeapPad Software but no LeapPad to play it on . I live in the caribbean , so I could n't just go into a store and buy it . Whatever I ordered and did n't order that time was it , for the next 6 months -- until my next visit to the continent . Amazon should advertise for those who do n't know while ordering for grandchildren or other children , or even into a new age group like myself , that you need the LeapPad for this . Needless to say , it stayed in its package for a very long time without use .
 I bought the book system at a garage sale , and this story on Amazon . Obviously they wo n't work together , which is a shame because it still cost me about $ 30 .
 I expected a more durable crossing replication and a larger size . They are very small and should only be used with minature trains sets .
 The product is labeled as containing a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer , birth defects , or other reproductive harm . Thank you for providing that information , but it would have been nice to know before I bought it . Had I known that , I would n't have bought it . What a disappointment !!!
 A good craft ; but no train whistle sound . Quite disappointing.They 're going back .
 DOLL WAS NOT AS REPRESENTED . WAS NOT IN A BOX . IT WAS PACKED IN A PLASTIC WRAP . I WAS NOT SATISFIED WITH THE SIZE DOLL FOR THE MONEY . NOT A GOOD BUY .
 My five year old daughter loves this toy and has played with it none stop for two days.I am very disappointed with the FACT this does not have the `` working elevator '' stated in many product discriptions that I have found .
 I purchased this castle for my daughter . It falls apart very easily , does not stay shut when folded , and the musical part is very lilmited . I believed it would sing a song , instead , it sings ONE LINE from three songs . Overall , the cheap construction is a problem because i keep having to put it together again for my daughter .
 It is very unstable . I am constantly trying to put it back together . The pieces fall off of it all the time . It was the worst purchase Ive made for my daughter.If I could take it back , I would .
 Exercise caution with this sailboat ; I sailed two on a lake nearby ... both took on water -LRB- i.e. leaked -RRB- when heeled over which is what sailboats are supposed to do . The result was one boat sunk with no chance of recovery , and one boat inoperable due to water inside . Use only where you can retrieve easily.RC Sailboat Yacht Remote Controled Boat .
 This is n't actually a `` sailboat '' . It simple imitates one . It has two motors and is how it steers . Also , it 's not sealed at all so water will pour in and ruin the electronics rendering it useless on your first run . Given the fact that the sails are n't controllable the wind will make it heel `` lean to the side '' uncontrollably . Due to various design flaws I recommend you do not purchase this boat .
 got this for my grandson ... a christmas present last year ... we had great fun with it on Christmas day , sailing it in the swimming pool . Next day . . no go . just would not work . changed batteries ... no luck . wires in remote controller were ok ... would actually run a rc car that we had , but not sail ... grandson still plays with it ... but it 's his imagination that makes it go ... and the tape that keeps the propeller and mast on ... please check out other similar boats as well ... all made by same company in china ... but packaged differently .
 The older models of this toy used to show a child not only how to put the pieces on , but in the larger to smallest order . This product does not do that due to a straight shaft.I did like the duability of this product -LRB- my son is 23 months and although he never used this a lot , it 's still in good working order -RRB- . My son , did however , like the lights when he was around 5-6 months of age but that can be obtained in other products .
 When you stack the stars it makes the same sound every time . I love how when the big star goes on top it plays a song and lights up , but when my baby stacks the other stars , the sound is so repetitive it makes me nuts . They should have made it play different sounds .
 The last thing a mom needs is a noisy toy like this when Fisher-Price 's Rock-a-Stack is a classic toy that teaches the same thing , is just as fun and does n't play annoying music over and over . I think too many toys play too many sounds now which is too overstimulating for babies . My 10 month old son has loved his Fisher-Price Rock-a-Stack for months . I will be returning this toy that we received as a gift .
 My usually outgoing daughter , who likes toys that make sounds , heard the `` da-da-da-da '' chorus for the first time and immediately burst into tears . Familiarity did n't help , just the sight of it brings on a frightened look and a trembling jaw . I wish I 'd gotten a plain , silent stacker .
 My son is 9 months old and has never played with this toy consistantly . He becomes bored with it easily , pulls off the stars , looks at the lights , etc and then discards . The most interesting part about the toy to him is that the top -LRB- the part with the smiley face -RRB- has a little hickey do kind of push lever thing in the lid of it that he presses with his finger over and over again , and really could care less about the toy as a whole .
 If I had known that I would receive a deflated ball , I would have ordered a different one . No where did I see where it stated the basketball would be sent deflated.Last year I ordered the same little basketball goal , but it got left in the yard when my grandson moved , so I ordered him another one . I also ordered an extra basketball last year , which I was well pleased with and arrived inflated , but Amazon was out of that ball this year , so I ordered this Champion . To me this is the epitome of the lack of customer service .
 I did n't buy this bc it does not have the SIZE . LARGE is not a good description . Other listings have size in inches . Too bad .
 I used this out in the back yard to create a nice shady spot for my 6 month old . One little whisper of wind , it was knocked over and one of the metal frames broke . It lasted less than 2 weeks !
 I was not very impressed w/this product ... It does not hold up well on the beach ... Which was the point in purchasing it ...
 I am sad to say this is a very cheap product . I was so excited when I ordered this tent for my 9 month old . We live at the beach , thus are constantly going . I wanted a durable tent that was easy to tote along with us to the beach to keep my daughter out of the sun . However , the first time we took it to the beach , my husband tried to put it together and one of the plastic rods that support the tent bent in half and broke . Needless to say we were unable to use the tent . I would look for a more durable tent .
 I bought this to go to the beach , it does n't have anyway to anchor it , so we had to use sand to try to complete the task . However , when a slight wind would blow , down went the tent . I would say that this should be rated for indoor play only . Too bad they did n't test this on the beach , then they could have advertised it properly , rather than showing it with two little kids sitting in it , on the beach .
 I bought this so my child could be shaded at the beach and have a place to relax . It is easy to set up but does n't block much sun no matter which direction I turn it . We do n't use it now but maybe when he is older he can play in it in the backyard .
 the size was much better than i expected - very roomie . however , there was n't enough air flow through the tent , it just baked in the sun despite there being a nice breeze on the days i used it , the air did not flow through the tent well . we never had the babe in it for too long -LRB- because it got stuffy -RRB- so i ca n't really comment on the adequacy of the spf protection of the tent .
 After reading many reviews I chose this tent to bring to the beach for my 7 month old . After putting it up there was no way I 'd put my daughter in there . There was no air inside the tent and it was so hot inside I probably could have fried an egg . This tent was definitely not made for hot days at the beach !
 My son has had it for about a year and treasures this gun . One time , he lets his friend use it and the thing is now busted in half at the stock . His friend was n't being rough with it , and clearly from inspecting where the gun has snapped this thing is not made for durability . Even before this incident , the cylinder for the caps was n't seating very well .
 Despite what appears to be substantial construction this made in Italy toy rifle simply does not last long enough . My eight year old loves these toys but all of them -LRB- pistols and rifles -RRB- suffer from substandard plastic components that quickly wear out or break resulting in the inability to rotate the cylinder or transport the cap strip through the gun . This means the gun quickly loses its ability to fire caps although the trigger mechanism generally keeps working . Have had at least 5 of these toys from the same manufacturer , all with the same fault . Would not buy them again .
 I grew up with a Parris replica . 35 years later , I still have it and it still works . I 've bought 3 different Parris replicas , including two copies of this rifle since December 2007 . They 've been junk.These two rifle replicas were given as Christmas gifts to my sons . One was broken within two weeks . The other was damaged beyond use within three . The failures were not due to misuse by the children . The metal used in making the firing pin mechanism fractured in one gun and completely broke in two in the other . The guns will no longer fire caps.I 'd give it zero stars on durability and overall rating if the form would allow that option.Save your money . These are n't worth it .
 My five year old loved this gun . Regardless , the scope broke off of it in a week . It is n't made well at all but it was fun for a week !
 The first time grandson dropped it , the scope broke off gun . I super-glued and taped it together but it was n't worth the price .
 My son loved the idea of a sleeping bag but it 's not very comfortable . The fabric is very slippery on the outside and sticky on the inside . His pajamas stick to the fabric when he tries to roll over and the whole thing twists around him . He likes to play in it but not sleep in it . A good `` toy '' but not very practical .
 They look great , and others seem to think the glue works , but I wasted an entire package and never got the teeth to stay on .
 After numerous tries I was able to put these one but it took about an hour to get them in place and they came loose almost immediately after arriving at the party . My wife was able to get one on and eventually ran out of powder and patience to put them on . We ended up arriving to the party very late due to the time we spent trying to get these on . A friend of ours who also bought the same teeth gave up and did not use them . A waste of money if you ask me .
 One package was fine but the other was opened with no fangs but the capsules were included . Who sends an opened pack of merchandise that clearly has no contents ?!! They obviously have some problems with their employees !! Do n't even know if I can get a pair now on time or how to go about to correct this . Very upsetting . Never get anything from this company !!!! Love Bites Small Fangs From Planetcostume
 There 's no way I 'm using chemicals in my mouth to stick those ! I already hate it when the dentist uses his paste and the taste stays in my mouth for hours !
 this product didnt work . i used all the stuff trying to get it to work but 5 hours later i have nothing to show for it .
 Teeth did not fit my teeth well , before or after adding the glue . Kit was easy to understand , and everything was as described . The product just is not for people with dainty teeth : -LRB-
 Received and returned Ms. Fat Cat . Her fur was too rough , and ours seemed to have been sewn a little defectively , with fur too close to one eye , covering it persistently , despite my attempts to manipulate that . Also the fur near top of her head sewn in a very triangular shape , rather than rounded . Her legs splayed a bit far with puppet on -LRB- or off -RRB- and attempts to hold feet in place . Also her feet/paws stuffed to a hardness that when moved around was more like a deceased cat -LRB- I do n't even want to say dead cat , but that 's what it made me think of -RRB- . Also , her face and cheeks are similarly hard and stuffed , with a very hard and very small mouth , too tough to manipulate . -LRB- This is unlike many of the other Folkmanis puppets . -RRB- She has a little tongue that is like a piece of fabric or paper stuck in the mouth , supposed to make it cute or interesting , but it was n't . -LRB- Can not manipulate the tongue . -RRB- I had thought her fat cat body would be cute or cuddly in some manner , but she was entirely -LRB- and sadly for us -RRB- unappealing to my two little children as well . Perhaps all of this sounds fussy , but she just did n't make our cut . We enjoy several other Folkmanis puppets .
 It looks great , really funny , but the movable mouth is useless . It 's too small and the way your fingers position in it makes it almost impossible to move . I wanted something that I could make `` talk '' so I am returning it .
 I did n't care for this set . The bag is flimsy and the bottle and changing pad are all thin material and very far from the real thing . My daughter has only used the powder shaker of this set . For the money , I would buy some other brand .
 This is a terrible product . The product arrived damaged . The `` maple '' paper covering was peeled away from the particle board on every slat of the headboard . It was flimsy & cheap looking . Save yourself time & money before buying anything from South Shore collection !
 This basketball unit on paper seemed to be the best one out there in this class . However , I have now gone through 2 units and both have a major design flaw . By itself , the base is flat and sits fine . Once you insert one or both posts into it , it is very wobbly . This is due to both posts extend past the bottom of the base surface . The overall build quality is excellent , but this design flaw is forcing us to return this product and search for another brand .
 Be aware that this stays up and stable because you fill its base with water . I would recommend that you keep it on a hard surface - not carpet ! Ours had a small leak which went unnoticed and caused water and mold damage to the carpet and padding underneath the toy . I was even keeping an eye on it -LRB- I 'm overcautious about stuff like that -RRB- , but it still got me!One - star review to highlight the issue for future users of the product , and to serve as therapy for myself as I deal with the mess this toy left behind for me .
 I have spent over an hour now trying to put this together ... I am soooo ready to throw this in the garbage ! Not worth the trouble ! I do n't know who thought this was a good idea but they were wrong !!! I have never had so much trouble putting anything together ! I am pretty sure I am not going to be able to put it together so chances are it is going back now !
 This looked so cool on the website , but I ca n't put it together ! It 's so frustrating ! I tried pushing on the post to get it into the base , hammering it , hitting it with a baseball bat ... no luck . I give up .
 Hmmm , how to start this ? I had hoped this would be a `` pop up '' style tent . But no , the assembly was much more than I expected , no doubt hindered by the useless instructions that baffled 2 engineers and a physicist ! The item tore in one place during assembly and in a second within 2 minutes of being used for play.We are boxing this puppy up and sending it backDavidIthaca , NY
 This is n't really a toy . At least not a toy you can play with . It fell over on my desk and his nails broke off .
 The main problem with these puzzle cards is that they are double-sided . -LRB- Example
 Like the other reviewer said they are double-sided which would be fine if what was on the back was a completely different subject but it 's the same -LRB- half the months are on one side , half on the other and the same with the days of the week , etc. -RRB- so you can never look at all of the subject at one time . Otherwise , it 's a good idea .
 It broke the first time it was played with , I returned it and got a bigger one because I was not satisfied with this one .
 This is not the top from your childhood ... it is small , has a thin metal upper dome , and a thin plastic lower dome . The pumping mechanism slips sometimes , so the handle sinks back into the top without gaining momentum ... and the plastic tip on the bottom is too wide or slick or something ... This is not a quality item - it is cheaply made and is barely functional . It does n't have the heft of an old top , does n't balance properly , and does n't work right . On the bottom of the toy , on a little paper label , it says `` Made in China '' . I really want an old fashioned top for my kids to play with ! One that does n't have a suction cup -LRB- this one does n't - that is why I bought it ! -RRB- . But this is a cheaply made replica . I am going to look at FAO Schwarz or ebay to find one that matches my memory .
 My 2 yr old cant use & my 5 yr old does n't like it because it does n't spin too well
 Our cat loves the Radio Rodent but it does not work well . We e-mailed/phoned customer service whom did not respond . -LRB- 1 month plus -RRB- Because it does not work well I would say it is a waste of money .
 Shabby workmanship out the box . An opportunity if one is a clever
 This mouse is loved by the cat , and I was fine with the fact that it ran on short charges . First the female receptacle on the mouse where you insert the charger plug fell too deep inside the mouse to charge it , so I opened the mouse up and taped the receptacle back into place . Not a big deal . Next the one wheel seized up and now the mouse only goes backward or forward in circles , or I can still make it flip using the tail twirl button . So even when it 's not working properly , the look on the cat 's face waiting for it to charge up or watching it flip is priceless .
 I am a bit disappointed in this purchase . While the cat likes to play with it , it does n't hold a charge for very long . So about the time she gets interested , I have to re-charge it .
 I bought this dresser at Big Lots for my granddaughter after searching online . The instructions were hard to understand , the holes would not line up in the right places , and what 's more , the particle board disintegrated and the fasteners designed to hold the top onto the dresser were an absolute joke . When the dresser fell apart two weeks after my 8 year old granddaughter started using it , we took the drawers and used them as storage boxes under her bed so that my money would not be a total loss . I have put together many pieces of RTA furniture over the years , and this one was about as awful as it gets .
 This toy is terrible . Bad sculpt , and it leans over soooo far , it looks like it 's going to fall ! It 's terrible ! A total waste of money , do n't buy it !
 I picked up this figure at Toys `` R `` Us yesterday -LRB- guess they found some old stock -RRB- and it does n't stand properly at all . First , the feet are detached in the package and you have to pop them in . The posts that attach the feet in the leg sockets are not straight , so the figure leans forward way too much . The whole display has toppled off my shelf three times already , support base and all . I have n't seen a figure that had such problems staying upright since Riff Raff from Vital Toys ' Rocky Horror Picture Show line -LRB- another figure with long , skinny legs with zero articulation -RRB- . The only solution was to pull the feet slightly out of the socket and carefully lean him back . Now he 's slumping backward instead of leaning forward , but at least the darn thing will stay upright now . Again , no articulation in the legs -- only in the shoulders and neck . The arms are also way too skinny for the body , so the figure looks strange in any other pose than the one shown in the stock photo.The detail and sculpt is n't nearly as good as the prototype photo you see displayed here . The face has a bulbous nose and looks more like Robert Stack from Unsolved Mysteries than it does Angus Scrimm . The evil little minion has the left side of his face obscured by his hood and you ca n't adjust the head to fix it . It 's cool they even made a Tall Man figure to begin with , I just wish it had happened a few years later after NECA had improved their quality control a bit -- not to mention their sculpts .
 I ordered this thinking that it would be cute for my two year old . Not cute at all ! this was so small my son could not play with this .
 I was using this red wagon as a photography prop , I knew that it was small , but in person its literally small enough to fit in your hand ! Only one VERY SMALL bear could fit in this !!!!!!!!!!!!!! WASTE OF MY MONEY AND WAY OVER PRICED !!!!!!!!!!
 Just to be clear - this item is way too small to be a toy . I read this in the reviews and ordered it anyways , thinking it would be fine for my toddler to play with , since he does n't really like to fill it , he just wants something to pull . The handle is too short for him to reach to pull , not to mention is too small to put much in . We sent it back and ordered the little tikes wagon , which is perfect .
 Bought this for my 18 month old grandson 's Halloween costume . He was Charlie Brown and we wanted him to pull a pumpkin in a wagon . We wanted it to be small , but not miniature ! Picture is not representative of actual size . I would have returned it , but even more disappointed when i realized missed the deadline by one day . Needless to say I ended up buying a second wagon from store in daughter 's city so she could see before accepting . No savings with this purchase ! Do n't buy if you want a child to be able to pull it .
 I admit that the dimensions are provided in the product desription , but this item is MUCH smaller than anticipated . My son is 2.5 and this wagon is WAY too small for him to pull comfortably . I gave it to my mother to use ornamentally on her lawn - that 's all it 's good for .
 This is good for a toy only , very small and the handle is short . I was hoping my two and a half year old grand daughter could use it as a wagon to pull her dolls in but the handle was too short even for her . It is sturdy but not good for use as something for the kids to easily tow things in
 I thought it was a full size wagon and was disappointed when it was so small , I gave it to my grandson anyway for christmas and later got him a wagon he could ride in
 much smaller than I thought it was going to be . My grandson really liked it but ca n't put much in it .
 This is supposed to be a fully functional wagon , but once I had the thing assembled , the wheels would barely turn . I bought it for my niece hoping she could use it to pull her toys around in it , but it seems likely to fall apart with normal play . Be warned . It might make an adorable novelty , not a toy for a child . Made in China , just like everything else these days .
 I bought this as a gift for my almost 18 month old nephew for Christmas . The handle was so short that when he tried to pull it even with his arm down all the way , the front wheels came off the ground . I was very disappointed . My son had a Radio Flyer wagon like this when he was almost 2 and the handle was different and longer .
 I guess I should have read the product description more carefully . I was looking for a wagon that my daughter could carry her toys in , but instead , it 's not big enough to carry much of anything . I will be returning this and looking for something bigger .
 I do n't know if the one I got was defective , but this product should have never gotten past whatever agency rates toys for this age group . The bolt that connects the handle mechanism to the wagon frame does not lock , so whenever you turn the handle you slowly unscrew the bolt ! You ca n't have an 18 month old playing with a tiny little bolt that fell off . Terrible , absolutely terrible and this should be pulled off the market .
 This little wagon is adorable but that 's about it ! It 's teeny tiny . The handle is so short that my 11/2 year old can not pull it without stooping a bit . It often turns over on its side when changing directions . In my opinion , this wagon is better for looking at than playing with . It would look really cute in a boys room on top of a dresser with a stuffed animal in it .
 THIS TOY WAS A GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT AS GIFTS FOR MY THREE YEAR OLD TWIN GRANDCHILDREN . THE WHEELS DO N'T TURN AND THE HANDLE IS TOO SHORT FOR THE LITTLE ONES TO USE WITHOUT BENDING DOWN . VERY BAD DESIGN . WISH I HAD MY MONEY BACK .
 This was intended to be a toy for a toddler but is more like a display or theme container . Is not suitable as a real wagon.It will only serve as a pull toy for a short time in that the handle is too short for most children to comfortably pull.Like most wagons it has a tendency to tip over when turned sharply to right or left . Not quite big enough for a child to ride in and would not be safe to do so . Stability will be a problem for toddlers . This will be frustrating to a child.If you are looking for a toy this is NOT RECOMMENDED . It would make a great container for gift or display .
 I bought this wagon to help move stuff around my yard . It is so small that it should be in the child toy section as it is so small it is worthless for hauling anything . At about one foot long we had a good laugh at the prospect of it ever hauling anything except maybe a small stuffed animal for a child .
 Way too small to be useful . I would never have purchased this had the dimensions been posted more clearly , I intend to return this ASAP .
 I ordered for my nephew who is under two thinking he could put toys in it and pull them around in the wagon . But when I got the wagon I realized it is a item that would work for a basket or to decorate the yard if there were no neighbor kids around . It is not a toy . I am dissappointed as I was looking at the Radio flyer name since my son had a radio flyer when he was a kid maybe it would be a fun toy . It is not a toy even though it comes up under that heading . It belongs in home and garden . I am returning this one to Amazon .
 At 15 weeks old , my son has just begun to get some use out of this toy . I started to put him into this gadget a couple of weeks ago for a few minutes at a time to strengthen his neck because he HATES tummy time . Unfortunately , despite the fact that he has only been in it a handful of times , the little red feet that are supposed to stabilize it DO NOT WORK ! The very first time I put him into it one of the feet gave out -LRB- and my guy was probably only about 141/2 lbs at the time -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , he loves the toys and sounds that it makes , but I have had to prop various items under the lip of the base to keep him from toppling forward and/or backward depending on the little red foot that decides to give out at the mnoment . Needless to say , I will be exchanging this for a more stable saucer on my next trip to BRU for diapers !
 i posted a review about a recall notice on this item , but i guess i 'm not allowed to do that .
 I purchased this activity center because my five month old daughter absolutely LOVES her Smartsteps Exersaucer Entertainer by Evenflo , and I thought it would be great to have another entertainer downstairs . The Baby Einstein center has so few objects to play with , and the pieces it does have are so lifeless -LRB- they just do n't DO anything -RRB- , that she literally just sits in it bored after touching everything once or twice . The one interactive portion of the center does not work -LRB- the dog does not bark -RRB- , and overall I 'm extremely disappointed in the value for the considerable cost of the item . We 've gotten every dollar 's worth with the Exersaucer , on the other hand ... it is packed with an array of fun , engaging toys that she never tires of playing with .
 Do not buy . Legs broke the first day and my baby hit the floor .
 our daughter was five months old right around the holidays and was looking like she was ready to do her own thing . we decided to pick out an exersaucer for her . i read all of the reviews , checked them out in the stores and decided this one was the best . i do n't really know if these are good for the kids or not , but i figured ten minutes or so in the morning would be o.k. . mom 's got to brush her teeth ! anyways she seemed to like it at first , but after a few weeks she was already bored of it . i did n't put her in it for a few more weeks to see if she would find interest in it again , but no luck . she had no interest in the toys and would cry until i took her out of it . my daughter is ten months old now and every now and then i try to put her in it , but still the same reaction . she hates it ! a bit dissapointing at one hundred dollars . it takes up a lot of space and my husband has stubbed his toe on it one too many times . get a doorway jumper instead !
 My husband and I took weeks looking at all of the available exersaucers out there ! We compared number of activities , price , etc. . Ultimately we ended up ordering the Baby Einstein Exersaucer and our son loves it ! He is 51/2 months old and loves to play in it . The activities are great ! I like that it has the height adjustment so that he can grow into it . I would reccomend this to anyone who is looking for an educational/fun toy for their infant .
 My baby only played with this for 2 weeks and she became bored . She loves her walker better . She can move around and explore in her walker . The activities in this piece are limited to the small toys attached to the top which would get boring for anyone after two weeks . She did play with it for up to 20 minutes at a time but quickly mentally outgrew it . She needs more stimulation then the toys could provide .
 The height of this product is good for babies that are taller of length than the original age . As my baby is 30 '' tall of 10 months age , she outgrew the length of the step and play piano . I had to buy her an entertainer which is higher so she wo n't fall out of it when bending over . But as me or my family never had pets , we did n't know that she would be scared of the sounds it would make , such as cow , dog , duck and lion on this product . So please take this into consideration when buying the product .
 I 'm sure many people disagree with me but I think how this activity area 's made is very poor . I wonder if its just me or does the seat snaps seem cheap . The eyeholes to the fabric do n't fit to the clips on the seat and they break or warp . The company sent us a new plastic seating and they still have the same issue . The plastic seat seems so cheap compared to the rest of the product.The rest of the stuff looks great but our daughter ca n't use it because of their seat design flaw . Any company can make toys now , but making the structure to hold it needs to be relooked at by this company . I give this a thumbs down . I 'm returning it .
 My wife and I were happy with this product until we had an issue where the seat came undone from the rings while our 6-month old daughter was using it . Since she ended up falling through along with the seat we decided to stop using the product . We also had previous issues with the legs and base where one leg does not stay extended to the floor , causing the product to be out of balance - not a safety issue but certainly a bit inconvenient . We had received the ExerSaucer as a gift and had been using both but now just use the ExerSaucer exclusively and are much happier with that product . I would not use the Baby Einstein Activity Center again nor would I recommend this product to anyone . Certainly not typical of our experience with either Graco -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- or any other Baby Einstein products .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but if you are looking for an activity saucer this is n't one i can honestly believe people would recommend . As soon as i put it together i was confused as to what my son would find entertaining -LRB- especially for 80 bucks !! -RRB- Kellen loves some of the Baby Einstein books so i thought this might be something he would enjoy , but really it dose n't do anything ! He is 6 months old and LOVES his Jumperoo but just kind of stood in this thing and did n't really know what to do -LRB- maybe because there really is n't anything to keep him occupied ! -RRB- I did take it back and buy him the Evenflo/Smartsteps exersaucer active learning center which has made the world of difference to him ! He is having a wonderful time in his new exersaucer !
 I purchased this item for my 6 month old baby and she loved it . It was entertaining for her and kept her busy as she turned herself to play with other items . Then about 2 weeks after buying it , one of the legs began to pop out and cause my baby to become unstable . We now constantly have to pop the leg back into place and it causes much distress for my baby . She will be playing fine and then the legs pops out and she loses her balance and becomes very unhappy . Unless I can get another leg that does n't pop out , I doubt we will be using this much longer .
 The reason for my low rating is the design of the seat assembly . It appears that no one tested the cloth seat for ease of removal for washing . When attaching the cloth seat on the plastic assembly , I misaligned the rings and snapped all into place before I noticed the error . I then attempted to remove the cloth seat from the plastic and it was nearly impossible ! This product is for babies and babies tend to be messy -LRB- spills , leaky diapers , etc. -RRB- so easy removal of the fabric seat for washing is crucial ! The tab-type system used on this activity center is absolutely ridiculous . Due to the tightness of the fit , I could barely get any fabric to grab or the leverage required to get the seat grommets back over the tabs . I am a man and had extreme difficulty with removing the fabric seat ; I ca n't imagine how difficult if would be for a mom . -LRB- That 's not sexist , but the fact remains that men are typically physically stronger than women -RRB- The removal of the seat should be equally easy for a man or a woman . We will be returning the product before even using it .
 We bought this activity center for our daughter when she was about 4 months old . She is now 61/2 months old . She does like the activity center , but it is n't safe for her to play in any longer ! She is by no means a rough playing little girl at only 6 months old , but she can pull the green teething star right off the tray . Also , the stuffed sunshine -LRB- which is flexible so the child can pull it toward them -RRB- popped open after she had been pulling on it , and stuffing came out . I discovered this when I went to check on her and she had bits of stuffing in her hands and all over the tray ! Choking hazard!Of course , the sunshine toy is secure as can be to the tray , so even us parents ca n't remove it now that it 's a choking hazard . My husband pulled on it and the head snapped off , and now there is a big sharp end sticking up where the head used to be . Now the whole toy is unusable ! Babies R Us has a new return policy that does n't even allow exchanges without a receipt , so we are stuck trying to contact Graco . Do n't buy this one ! And whatever one you do choose , save your receipt for several months , or you 'll be stuck with a useless , dangerous , $ 85 piece of junk like we are .
 I love baby eintstien products , but this one fell short . It arived without all of the pieces , so they had to send me another one . The second one was missing pieces too . Between the two , I finally got everything . After putting it together , I noticed the top leaned to one side . The large peice that makes animal sounds is too heavy for the unsupported placement . The stuffed piece with the shaped did not last long . My baby pulled it off right away and it would not go back on .
 Our baby got bored after only a 15min . There just is n't that much stuff to interact with . He just figured it out and then was done . It 's really just stuff to look at with a few things that make sounds . I would try borrowing one first before you buy . It is a big item to have around the house if your child wo n't get that much use out of it .
 BEWARE THIS PRODUCT HAS BEEN RECALLEDMy baby choked on the plastic coating of the blocks on this toy . The plastic coating came off and she choked on it . It was very scary and she could not breath for some time . If you look up this recall it is only listed as `` Soft Tower Blocks '' but it is part of this toy . If you already have it , remove the block tower and call Graco for a new one . Throw it away . My baby almost died and I would not want anyone else 's to die . Check out http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml07/07176.html for more information .
 This morning our 11 month old granddaughter was in the activity center watching TV with my husband right next to her . He noticed that she was choking . To make a long story short , we did the back blows on her back and kept her tilted on her tummy upside down . Waiting for the paramedics to arrive a piece of cellophane finally came out of her mouth and she was okay . After examining the play activity center we were horrified to discover that the piece of cellophane had come off of the 3 stack toy . The cellophane covers the pictures on the toy and our granddaughter had picked the cellophane off and put it in her mouth . We wanted to warn other users of this choking hazard . This toy should be removed from the activity center immediately . We will be contacting Graco , and everyone else that we can think of to get this problem resolved . It makes us sick to think of what a senseless tradgedy could have occured , due the activity center that she enjoyed so much .
 I am a first time mom and loved the baby einstein line . This is a great product - sturdy , good-looking , but there are better products out there . I own this one , but my mom bought one for her house that has so many better features . My daughter got bored with these toys FAST . And lets face it , they get dirty . Evenflo has removable and REPLACABLE toys . You can get new ones . And this Baby Einstein one needs the baby to be pretty tall to start using it . Evenflo starts much lower for shorter babies and it lets them jump a little too - something kids love to do . Good product , but better ones out there for less money
 While I have been very pleased with many Baby Einstein products - from videos , to books , play gyms , etc. - I was extremely alarmed this evening when I sat down to play with my 6 month old son who was seated in the Exer-Saucer . Upon inspection , I found that the plastic layer covering the pictures on the Shape Tower -LRB- square , cylinder , triangle -RRB- was flaking away ! I would expect that all the items on the Exer-Saucer should tolerate normal `` teething '' . We immediately removed the Shape Tower from the tray , but I am now concerned about the remaining items durability . I want to like this product , however , I simply can not knowing the potential choking/ingestion risk of the peeling/flaking plastic cover over the fire engine and apple pictures on the triangle .
 I purchased this item for my infant daughter , she is now 9 months old . She has enjoyed this item until now . There are ribbons located at the top of one of the toy attachments . The ribbons became undone and she choked terribly on them.I would not recommend this item to any infants .
 This product was great , until my baby started to chew on the caterpillar and the yellow paint on the balls started to come off . Even if it is not lead paint -LRB- which they claim -RRB- I still do n't want my baby to eat paint !!! What are they thinking painting chewable toy for infants . Just unreal ... I am returning this product and looking info different toys .
 This is unacceptable ! At a store , I would NEVER accept a toy meant for an infant that had been opened and re-taped shut -LRB- this is a / safety / issue ! -RRB- . Amazon thought nothing of sending a child 's toy that had obviously been opened , possibly returned , and very sloppily re-taped shut.I called the 800 number provided on the web site for returning merchandise , sat on hold for 20 + minutes ! only to be told that `` The voice mailbox for this number is full ... Please try again later '' . What a NIGHTMARE !!! I am SO done with Amazon . 50 % of everything I buy I have problems with . Unless you LIKE the headache 's associated with sitting on hold , NEVER dealing with a human being , shipping back defective merchandise , etc. . Just go to the store . You will ultimately save yourself so much heartache.F ... Amazon !
 This product may as well be renamed the Neglect-o-baby . I just read a review of it that stated `` I put Sy in when she was about five months when she could almost sit up and completely hold her head and upper body up steadily . '' Not three sentences later she concluded with '' ... since Sy did not even crawl until she was 11 months old , it was awesome for her ! -LRB- gearheadmom . com -RRB- `` Of course she did n't crawl , she had no reason to develop the skill because she was being supported by a giant baby sling.Kids are going to crawl and the sooner the better . Junk like this just retards the development of natural motor skills .
 I never got a chance to own this item . It was shipped to me twice , and both times the packaging was damaged and parts were missing . It was sent in the original carton , and not wrapped for shipping .
 If it was n't a Christmas gift the torn and crushed box would n't have mattered . I could have assembled the play center and thrown the box away.However , since it was Christmas , I had to use the beat up box and wrap it as best and as messy as possible . I had to apologize for the condition and insist all the parts and pieces were there.You shipped it in the play center box . No additional protection or packing . Not good.Thanks for asking , Jim Mulholland
 Being that Disney now owns Baby Einstein , I was very surprised that the activity center is so poorly made . I 've since read the `` lowest reviews '' and I 've got to say that I 'm very shocked that no one has mentioned the `` mirror '' that 's under the book . The mirror is NOT caulked or trimmed out so there is a gap between the edge of the mirror -LRB- which DOES NOT feel like a safety mirror by the way -RRB- and the surround . My son was sticking his fingertips in the space and pulling his nails backwards . Also , the `` loop '' that the pages are on is such an odd shape , that the babies need to turn the pages a certain way to get them over . It 's not easy to do , and when they get frustrated , which mine did , and yanks on it in a temper the whole thing snapped out.As for the rest of the toys : * The ` musical/english/spanish '' circle is the thing that he uses the most . The spanish version of the animals ' names is horrible and I can not even figure out what they 're saying . My son HATES Beethoven 's Fifth , and when that one starts , he immediately hits an animal button again to stop it . -LRB- Once we had a B.E DVD on and he did n't realize that the music was on the TV and not the activity center . He was whaling on the music buttons and getting so confused and angry that the song did n't stop . he was looking at us as if to say `` UM Hello People , why is n't it stopping !!! '' It was hilarious . -RRB- * The Star is constantly across the room , however he loves it . I do have to watch now that he has taken to putting the wrong end of that toy in his mouth and making himself bulimic . * The spinning wheels are also used quite often . * The Soft shape tower was great for him . He was nursed and he liked to put the top shape , the pyramid , in his mouth and act like he was nursing -LRB- or I guess that 's what he was doing -RRB- . I was VERY angry at the fact that this piece does n't come off without drama , so I 've gotten to develop the MacGyger way to clean it . I had to take the seat out as well as any removeable toys , then turn the whole thing over into the tub . Very inconvenient !! I did n't have the problem that others had mentioned about the plasticor ribbons . There were n't any on ours . They must have made changes after these pics were taken . He now does ' t use it at all though . * The Arch with the caterpillar beads concerns me . When I sit on the floor next to the activity center , he likes to lean down & look at me through the arch . He ends up pulling it towards himself and it snaps back . It 's just a matter of time before it breaks with pieces flying everywhere . * He never uses the sun , the globe , or the puppet . Those are just a waste of space.As for construction and engineering , this is pitiful . My son is a normal size healthy baby and the red feet kept snapping out . the Music box side dips down way too much for my comfort . The whole thing is held up by only 3 legs , and I beleive that it would be so much more sturdy with 4 . The pressure points that are causing the leg supports -LRB- height adjustments -RRB- to pop would be eliminated . I understand the raised areas in the floor to be `` stimulating '' to the baby 's feet , but my son cries when he jumps too much -LRB- there is no give in the toy , but he 's standing and jumping . -RRB- We were at our friends house the other day and they have the Evenflow Exersaucer . He LOVED IT and we 'll be getting that one this week . I am done with this one.All in all , It got us through a short amount of time without calls to 911 .
 We registered and recieved the Baby Einstein Center thinking that we were getting the most edicational product for our child -- atleast for stationary entertainers . We were wrong . You ca n't understand the spanish and quite frankly it is boring . A friend had bought the Exersaucer -LRB- new model -RRB- for her son and my daughter fell in love with it -LRB- even at 4 months -RRB- . So , we packed up the Baby Einstein and took it back and came home with the Exersaucer . Yes it is more money , but it is also more fun and you can buy different toys to stitch in and out . Invest in fun -- being a kid is not all learning spanish and english but also learning what fun is as well as cause and effect !!
 We have one of these and it does keep the babies interest somewhat . Though I do n't see the point to the hand puppet , and the blue spinning thing with the metal in it sounds as if they did n't put more than 1 washer in it . Also the sun is n't quite flexible enough for baby to chew on easily . But our daughter LOVES the sound generator.Anyway , compared to other brands I dislike this product on two grounds.One , it is damn near impossible to clean . Nothing snaps in or out , it is VERY annoying to disassemble . 1/10 for cleaning . Anyone who 's even been around children realizes how important this is , no idea why this is so awful.Two , it is n't portable at all . Many of the competing products fold down shorter for tossing into the trunk or front seat . This is fixed in size or taller if needed . the top and bottom do not easily pop apart without tools either .
 I 've had a few exersaucers and was very excited when Baby Einstein came out with theirs . My son loved it , but the problem we had was that the toys -LRB- the ones that were pre-attached and the ones we attached -RRB- are not anchored well and keep falling off . Some I was able to re-attach after getting creative , others , like the star and the soft blocks I ca n't get back on at all . Also , the screws for the animal sounds toy were n't long enough and so that toy -LRB- the one that makes the animal sounds & music and says the animal 's name in 2 languages -RRB- kept falling off as well.I gave my other exersaucers to my daycare and after 3 years they 're still in one piece , if this one would just stay together it would 've been great .
 I recently received this as a gift . I usually enjoy Baby Einstein products but this was the worst one I 've encountered . I have barely had this toy for two weeks and the mirror on the book is peeling off ! The musical and talking button are far too low to hear even on the high setting . My son is very uncomfortable in the seat with the thin cloth covering the hard plastic backing . I must say I am very disappointed in Baby Einstein for putting out such a poorly made product . I recommend buying the Exercauser before this .
 I was very disappointed as I put this together . My daughter was 4 months old at that point and over 95 % pecentile in height to this day -LRB- she is 9 months -RRB- . My inlaws and parents had assembled their exersaucer at their houses -LRB- other brands -RRB- and my daughter loved it and played for close to 1/2 hour in them . The Baby Einstein is much too high even at the lowest level . She could not touch the ground until about 61/2 months and can not turn the seat easily . The toys are fine , but for double the price of some of the others , my daughter still will only stay in this one for about 10 minutes where she goes crazy in the other ones for 1/2 the price . I would not buy this again and I am having another child and have to go buy a different one .
 When my son first tried it -LRB- at 5months -RRB- he seemed to like it , for a day . The next day , he was n't interested in it anymore . Then I got him rainforest jumperoo by fisher price , much better choice ! The jumperoo , he could play for hours , but when he plays with the graco einstein , he 's bored after 10 minutes .
 My daughter just loves this toy but the legs keep collapsing , she is only 11 lbs . I have tried to contact the company about this but the e-mail keeps being returned - no such address , I used the e-mail on the Baby Einstein site itself . It 's too bad really as she simply loved it but it is too dangerous for her to use .
 My son has beheaded the sun and one of the legs does not stay put on the non rocking feature ... but what a pain to bring back to Babies r us ... and he really does not last long in this thing ... consider something else ...
 Although my son loves this playcenter , we have had continous problems with the three legs that are suppose to hold the base off the ground . We have been using the toy for about a month and a half and I have had to contact Graco twice because the red legs keep popping which drops the base to the floor . Un - fortunately , it does n't happen simultaneously which leaves the playcenter uneven and dangerous for my son to be in . At this point I wish I would have purchased an exersaucer that was a bit bouncy so that this problem would not occur . Graco has already sent me three need legs and I am now awaiting a new base and new legs . Even though Graco has been helpful , all I want is my money back so I can purchase a safer toy for my son .
 I have to agree with the Dad from Maryland . I have purchased numerous Baby Einstein products for my son including all of the DVDs and most of the toys . We love all of them , but this item.This product is a nightmare and has numerous defective parts . The round musical box fell off the first time it was used -LRB- the screw would not hold it on -RRB- , the cloth seat would not go back on after we took it off to wash it the first time and will not stay in place making the product unusable . A big disappointment to my son and his parents . It would also be great if the parts came off easier and were all machine washable . Do n't waste your money on this one until they make some serious design changes .
 Why in the world would you make a toy for babies to slobber on that is impossible to clean ! I just spent 15 minutes trying to get the seat cover off , finally did , but I am not looking forward to getting it back on . And some of the toys are permanently mounted , and yet they have plush features that I ca n't just wipe clean . Also , other reviews are correct -- the paint does chip off the hard plastic pieces , specifically the arch of balls.The evenflo exersaucer -LRB- which I also have ... -RRB- is much preferable . Pieces snap out for cleaning , and no paint chips !
 Where do I begin ... My son loved this at first until my sister got another brand and I saw all the lights and noise that one had . He got bored very fast with this one . One of the pieces came off so easily that I dont even know where it is abymore . I am giving it away so that my Daughter does not have to use it . Also one of the feet on is became so lose that when you would try to push it down that when you alked away it would just pop back up . It is also very hard to clean . The seat is very hard to get off to wash . Also when I would pull my son out the seat would always ... I mean always come with him . The side that has the noise part is so heavy that now that side is warped down . Also not to mention most of the the other brands are easy to break down so that you can take them places . NOT THIS ONE . If I would have known about all of this I would NOT have bought it .
 My daughter is 7 and can confidently manipulate fitting the small sprites in the different areas of the playset . However , I can not see how a 3-year old would have the dexterity to accomplish this . Also , I think the small parts and sprites would still pose a choking hazard .
 My four year daughter was captivated by this in the box at Toys R Us . She loves mermaids and fairies and this toy grabbed her ... it appears to have alot going on and it is very ` sparkly ' . It has two tiny , adorable fairy dolls that supposably can interact with the playset in many ways such as ` flying ' around in a circle when they are clipped to a leaf that spins . At Toys R Us , my husband and I gave in and stomached the price at the cash register . Once home , we put the thing together which was relatively easy , just lots of things to snap and stick . Our girls were all over it ... for about an hour . Reason being , it falls apart very easily . Each flower petal attaches seperately and they pop off so easy that after a few days , you could n't even open and close the flowers to ` hide ' the fairies because the petals just snap off when rotated even though they are suppose to move this way . In addition , one leaf has a kind of clip that the child is suppose to attach the fairy too so that they can spin the leaf around and it appears the fairy is flying . Neither my four year old nor my persistent five year old could manage the clip and I even had trouble , although my oldest did eventually figure out a way to balance the fairy and it stayed up for a few rotations . Today , a month after purchasing this expensive piece of pourly designed plastic , I gathered the many snapped off pieces and through this thing away . What a waste ! Do n't buy this toy . It looks enchanting but it is one of the cheapest toys I have ever had in six years of motherhood .
 We bought this last Christmas for our 4 year old , it did put together very easy , and the fairies would fly but the thing kept coming apart everytime i turned around my daughter was asking me to fix something , even when i was playing with her the pieces kept breaking off.I have read the good reviews and all i can say is maybe yours came out of a better batch , my daughter really did n't get a chance to play with it much because of the continous breaking and finally we just threw it out . This year she wants the Magic of Pegasus cloud kingdom I really hope this toy is a little more durable .
 This alarm clock is practically impossible to work for an adult , let alone a child . Whenever you try and turn the alarm on or off you end up changing the time . I am very unhappy with this product , and infact , I 'm just going to throw it away and buy a more kid-friendly one .
 This clock is of NO use . The alarm sound is so low you can hardly hear it . My daughter keeps it for looks as that is all it is good for . I had to get her another alarm that can be heard .
 I bought this alarm clock/radio for my niece for her birthday and what a piece of junk for 20.00 . My question is where is the radio ? Is the little tune it plays when the alarm goes off considered the radio ? What a rip-off .
 It is a beautiful castle after it is put together ... but shame on Mattel for terrible , blurry , vague instructions ! The canopy/footboard fall down everytime . The Kelly bed keeps breaking off ! My 4 year old gets angry bc everything falls over ! Mattel could have done much , much better ! Not a great toy .
 I read the reviews for this salon and I thought I would give it a try anyway , thinking it is only $ 10 . Unless you do n't have Honey Pie already do n't buy this toy ! Honey Pie is perfect and the accessories are cute . However , there are only a few . There are lots of accessories on the box that do n't actually come with the toy and the box does n't list what is inside . There is a shopping cart on the box , it is not included ! The hinges for the salon are small and not strong enough to hold this toy together . Move it an inch and the whole salon collapses . This is the worst toy I have ever purchased ! I took it back and bought my daughter the My Little Pony `` Twinkle Twirl 's Dance Studio '' 100 % better !
 My daughter got this today from the `` Easter Bunny '' . Right from the start when assembling it the pieces will not stay together . Under no circumstances does this product stay assembled . Although we love Strawberry Shortcake , this product is not worth buying . I should have bought the Fisher Price Friendship Pony stable .
 Please do n't waste your money on this one . I was surprised by the inferior construction of this toy , because my daughter has the Strawberry Shortcake Home , which is well made , sturdy and we love it , but this toy is terrible . It easily and constantly falls apart . It is too difficult for my 5 year old daughter to put together herself . It can usually be found as a heap of plastic parts on the floor . The only part of this toy I can say anything nice about is the horse . I would buy the horses , but separately . Save your money .
 I have to agree with everyone else on this one ... The pony is cute , so if you can buy this for less than $ 10 , it 's worth it to buy for the pony . Otherwise , save your money ! The stable itself is pure JUNK ! I ended up super-glueing the stupid thing together and it just sits on my daughter 's shelf as `` decoration '' . Very dissappointing toy all in all !
 How dissapointing !!! This toy is so cute but if you look at it wrong it falls apart . THe design is also very weird and it is not easy to play with . My SSC but pass on this one unless on sale for really really cheap .
 My 4 year old daughter received this toy as a gift . This is one of the most poorly made toys I have ever seen . You can not move the stable without the entire thing falling apart and even if you try to play with it in one spot the sides fall off . The only decent part to the toy is the pony . I am close to throwing the entire stable in the trash ! This toy is a total waste of money .
 This is such a great idea for a Strawberry Shortcake toy ! Too bad it 's really poorly constructed . My 4-year-old calls me up to put it back together at least three times before she finally gives up playing with it.The fences constantly pull apart , the walls separate from the front of the stable , and there is nowhere to keep all of the accessories -LRB- which are really cute , I must say -RRB- together when the stable is folded up . You could put them in the manger , but they just fall out as soon as you pick the silly thing up.Anyway , I was REALLY disappointed with this one . Santa thought he was bringing a great toy , but it was really bad . I would highly recommend the Strawberry Shortcake house instead - it 's actually well-built .
 Like everyone else my daughter keeps coming to me to put this back together . It is almost worthless as a stable . We too are going to glue it all together at least until it get chucked in the garbage -LRB- predicted to be soon -RRB- . The horses on the other hand are great for preschoolers because they are pretty sturdy .
 This toy is cute but not sturdy at all . My 4 year old asked that I glue the stable together so that it would quit falling apart . As much as I love Strawberry Shortcake , I would not recommend this toy . Buy the ponies and make yourself a stable out of a shoebox . It would be more durable !
 I bought this toy for my five year old daughter . Her three year old sister and her loved to play with it for about thirty seconds . My five year old finally asked if it could go away because she was tired of putting it back together . Her ponies now live in the strawberry shortcake house with her ...
 This toys looks cute until you get it out of the box and try to put together . I paid $ 5.29 with free shipping - at least I got Honey Pie pony with it . This is the only item that is worth buying ! The rest of the stable - cheaply made , thin plastic pieces that do n't stay together . Please , read the comments - so many people can not be all wrong ! Cheply made ! Shame !
 This toy was a great gift for my daughter on her 5th birthday . However , the stable was difficult to keep together and it kept falling apart when she tried to set it up and play with it . I think she likes the toy since it came with a pony , however , I would not recommend paying regular price for this item as it is not worth it .
 I threw the stable and acc . away after days of trying to put together for my girls . It is trash ! The pony is cute and my girls do play with it but not worth your money . They should not be aloud to sell this crap ! It is wrong to sell something that they know good and well does n't work . Not happy with wasting my money on this .
 My child has a blast playing with the horse and accessories . However , the stable does not stay together for long . I am constantly clicking the pieces back together .
 My daughter received this toy last Christmas . It fell apart from the first time we tried to put it together . It stays in the floor in a heap of parts . My daughter will not let me throw it away because she wants so much to play with it . Unfortunately , as another reviewer stated , if you look at it - it will fall apart.What was this company thinking ?!?!
 I consider myself a mom that has generally very low expectations of toys . This one exceeded even my lowest expectations . It is a worthless , cheaply made toy . It falls apart when you try to close it up or move it anywhere . I rarely have taken toys back to a store for underperforming , but this one I did . I deserved evey penny back.The stable corral portion never hooked into place right , the walls kept falling down unless you had it set just perfectly and never touched again . It came with Honey pie , the pony , which was the only sturdy and cute part of the whole toy.Don ' t buy this product . I ca n't believe they did n't trail test this with kids before manufacturing for the masses . The mere fact that it will barely stand up was an obvious flaw noticed even by my daughter , who never wants me to return anything.It is an insult to think that the toy company -LRB- ca n't pronouce it , and never heard of it -RRB- thought we would think this toy was worth -LRB- ... -RRB- . It 's not worth -LRB- ... -RRB- . Dont buy this , it 's a dissapointment.If you have a hores lover in your family -LRB- mine is 4yrs old -RRB- , and you want a stable , I would recommend Fisher Prices Friendship Pony Stable or any wooden stables that are on the market . We 've been through a lot of stables and those are the ones I find the best .
 Please listen to the other reviews and do n't waste your money on this stable . I agree with the other reviews when they say it is the most poorly made Strawberry Shortcake toy on the market . Trust me , my daughter owns almost every SS item available and this is one that she wo n't use . If you do n't have Honey Pie pony , just spend the money to get the pony separately . The stable comes with some pieces but they are so small and do n't really work well with the pony . I have written several emails to this company since Christmas when my daughter got this toy and have yet to receive any type of reply from them . I have been happy with every other SS toy my daughter has and wish I had kept the box to return this one because it really is a piece of JUNK .
 I purchased this last fall for around $ 35.00 ... it sat in a pile in my daughters closet until she finally asked if she could throw it away last month ... she 's 6 years old . She loves ponies and SSC , but this is just junk . I ca n't even rate this toy a 1 star but thats as low as they would let me go because it is just that bad ! I am writing this for those of you who may be tempted to buy it for the `` overpriced '' cost of $ 5.95 . Please ... you 'll regret it.Yeah ... it 's that poorly designed!I would n't have bothered writing this until I saw that it was on clearance .
 I really do not understand this at all . This toy falls apart every time the door opens . I get so sick of my daughter coming to me asking me to put it back together that I finally just put it away . One thing is , it 's easy to store , when it 's all taken apart .
 The stable falls apart and pieces are tiny . Big waste of money - Very frustrating . I 'm considering supergluing it together - this should n't have been a problem !
 You will be very disappointed if you purchase this . It does not stay together for even 5 minutes . There are also so many useless small pieces . My daughter received this for her third birthday . If I had purchased this with my own money I would have been upset and probably would have returned it .
 It is constantly falling apart , and my daughter keeps asking me to put it together . Do not recommend , even though it is cute .
 I bought this toy for my 4 year old daughter and had to throw it away within hours . It kept falling apart , as soon as you got it together and tried to play with it , it fell apart again . My daughter was very dissapointed . Also there are tons of tiny pieces that are impossible to keep track of , and they do n't fit anyway .
 It comes with a nice pony that Strawberry and her friends can sit astride , but the other props are paper or cheap plastic . The stable is n't even a nice `` set '' to place in front of because it is rickety and does not find together . We finally got out our old Little People Farm -LRB- 90 's -RRB- and let Honey Pie and the gang hang out in a sturdy plastic barn . It might not be to scale , but the gate works !!
 LOVE the pony . It 's a wonderful pony for your Strawberry shortcake dolls . UNFORTUNATELY this stable is the pits ! I never got it `` put together '' , because it does n't STAY put together . Too many of the pieces move . The floor of the stable is in two parts , the walls are two parts . There is some kind of yellow trim piece that supposedly holds the walls together when closed , but it never fits right . There is a fence at one end that wo n't stay on . This needs to be re-assembled each time you pick it up . JUST BUY THE PONIES SEPARATELY , and you 'll be a lot better off . They are really the quality item in this deal .
 My daughter likes it so I am not returning it but this is really cheaply made and I am about to take my tube of super glue to it to see if it can be salvaged . It falls apart constantly and although I can understand that it only comes with one horse but they could have made it a bit bigger because we all know that there are at least four horses in the series -LRB- and more coming I hear -RRB- .
 I looked all over for this toy . My daughter is addicted to Strawberry Shortcake and I searched to find it for Christmas . I wish I had never found it . When we set it up it was cute . Five minutes later I must have helped my daughter put it back together at least 3 times . I thought `` OK I did something wrong `` So after the 3rd try I realized this is just a really cheaply made toy . My daughter now just leaves it in one spot and does n't open and close it . I love the other Strawberry stuff . Bandai just missed the bus on this one .
 My daughter really wanted this toy and asked Santa for it forever , at least six month , imagine our surprise on Christmas day when pieces were missing and we could n't even put it together !!! Not worth the money paid !
 We too are disappointed with this toy . Ours did n't make it 2 weeks without breaking . The toys are so cheaply made these days for the price . The horse was the only good item in the box .
 Stop ! This may look cute , but any amount of playing -LRB- even breathing on it -RRB- will cause it to fall apart . This toy did not last a month in our house . It never stayed together , and on top of that it comes with about 20 teeny tine `` grooming pieces '' -LRB- not kidding , most a smaller than a dime -RRB- Definitely a major disappointment for my daughters who love strawberry shortcake and horses .
 Boy was this a piece of junk . The minute you place your finger on the stable it come tumbling down . Nothing stays together . The horse is about the only thing that is durable . Thank God I only spent $ 9.00 on it and not $ 20.00 . Save yourself money and time and do not buy this toy . I bought 4 Strawberry Shortcake toys this Christma and out of the four ... two of them I am returning . This on and the Strawberry Castle . Nothing stays together on that either .
 Well , wish I would have read the reviews before I bought this one ! The pony is cute-but I ended up throwing this stable in the trash . . it is a piece of junk . Everytime my daughters tried to move it , open it ect . it would fall apart . I really wasted my money on this one . . too bad because my girls love strwaberry shortcake .
 I just have n't had time to send it back . It is poor quality not at all what I thought it would be . It looked like something I could go to the fabric store and buy the Make an Ark kit . My 6 year old granddaughter could have put this thing together as good if not better then this product was .
 hi im a mother of two , i had bought 2 of thease voidsmy kids were really dissapionted in this . why there very hard to put together , they com apparteasily , they dont snap in propperly.i dont recomend this toy the kids put themin the box know there sitting there doing nothing , they call it garbage .
 I was not pleased with this toy at all . After seeing the toy on it 's show I expected a much better performance . It is tacky , in the sense that it has no reason behind it . Zoids are not worth my money as I learned from this cheaply made toy that provided no entertainment or education for my children .
 I bought this product about a month ago and was really put off by the amount of unecessary packaging that comes with it . It 's a huge box full of filler plastic - all for a little DVD game . The games were pretty fun but the packaging was a deterrance to that .
 This is not made for kids . The tractor 's front wheel has broken right off as well as Guido 's front arm broke off too . I had to superglue them back together multiple times . These are not meant to be played with by kids !
 I was very disappointed when I received one of these new SuperBalls
 If you ever had one of these as a kid in the late 60 's to early 70 's , do n't hope this will bring back great memories . It must be made of a different material . It does n't have the weight or the high bouncing ability of the original . A ball purchased for 50 cents from a vend machine bounces higher than this ball . Very dissapointed .
 This ball is just like any other bouncy ball . This is nothing like the original Superball . It barely gets half way back up when you drop it . DO NOT BUY . You might as well get one of those balls from the quarter vending machines .
 I had high expectations for this ball after researching it online/reading reviews , but it was a sore disappointment . Maybe it 's just my opinion , but I think standard $ .50 bouncy balls can bounce higher than this one ... and they cost 1/10th as much if you include shipping . Sad .
 My friend had an older version of the Alma Designs Quiet Book , which my baby loved . I was excited to get mine , but I am so disappointed with the changes they 've made that I will be returning it . Definitely NOT worth the money.Alma has found ways to save money in the manufacturing process compared to the older design . In the old version , shapes were nice stiff felt fabric , easy for my baby to handle . Now are made with thin flimsy cotton fabric . Pages that she liked , such as `` pick the oranges from the tree and put them in the basket '' have been replaced with a easy-to-manufacture `` feel the fabric '' page with four pieces of very similar feeling fabric . Also , there is no way that the snaps could be done by a child . The belt did fray instantly and would need to be melted with a match . The clock arms were very flimsy and so tightly snapped on that they are nearly impossible to turn , even for an adult . It 's a fantastic idea , but does n't deliver on its promises . I will be buying a quiet book , but definitly NOT this one . The ONLY thing that I like better than the old version is the zip-up design . Good idea with all the small bits inside . Too bad even the cover is kind of ugly , which I would n't care about if the activities were better designed .
 This is not well-made . Hems are unfinished , the belt ends were not finished at all and frayed right away . There are no metal rivets around the holes for lacing making it almost impossible for a child to do . The snaps are very difficult for an adult much less a child and as a result , the fabric just ripped around the snap . The only things my child can actually do are the zipper and the train pockets . Not worth the price .
 Worked great for about 20 minutes then it broke in half . Its a great idea , but needs to be far more durable . My son is 5 years old and weighs about 40 lbs ... he is n't a big kid . The E-Z bar broke at the pivot behind the seat after about 10 rides over a 20 minute period.Product worked great up until then . We were making great progress . I would like to order another one , but the pivot is very weak and I 'm faily sure the next one will also break . Too bad ... this product could have been really great .
 I absolutely love this concept but it did not work well for us . It is very difficult to hold the bicycle up with this especially around any sort of turn . I do not recommend this item .
 I have purchased bubbles like this in the past and they were wonderful . I recommend purchasing them from the store if you can find them . I think these had been sitting around too long and they did n't work . They were a sticky mess and not one bubble was catchable . I spent a lot of money on one tube because I could n't find them in the store and I ended up throwing it away . I would not recommend .
 THese are some really long lasting bubbles . They last so long that that they sit on the carpet for about 10-20 minutes , that 's right minutes . After they pop , they leave a visible residue that my crawling ten month old loves to try to find and eat !!! I threw it out right away and had to scour the carpet for any freaking bubbles that I had missed.The residue it leaves is plasticky and is easily picked off the carpet and is about the diameter of the bubble , i.e. at least an inch .
 People kept telling about these so I bought them . But , I think I bought the wrong brand or something . These DO NOT work !! I 'm goingt o just buy the ones at Michael 's Craft Store . They 're a dollar and actually work !!
 Useless . Bubbles burst before enough time passes to make them touchable . I am so sorry to have ordered these for my four grandchildren . Expectations were not met . Save your money .
 Terrible product , the bubbles wont blow , the wand is so small they barely have a chance . Will NEVER purchase this brand AGAIN !
 I bought three tubes for children at a birthday party . Not many bubbles were produced no matter what method was employed . The worst part is that the bubbles that were produced popped and left white , powdery circles on the childrens ' hands . It took a lot to wipe the spots off . What a complete waste of money .
 My daughter loves the touchable bubbles she plays with in gymnastics so I ordered some to have at home . These are not touchable at all , they pop the second they touch something . I tried standing on top of a table and blowing them high in the air so they would have more `` drying '' time but that did n't work . Extremely unhappy with this purchase ! They are just like regular bubbles but regular ones are much cheaper !
 These are sticky and do n't make a single bubble . What a let down for a party favor for kids .
 These bubbles are gross . They land on the ground and do n't POP . But when they do ... they do n't disappear . They just deflated . Leaving this little booger of sticky stuff left . Not impressed at all
 I 've bought my share of wooden toys and must say that Haba toys must have really yummy paint . My kid has mouthed and scraped all corners of all Haba blocks and other Haba toys that I purchased . While this is entirely expected and not the fault of the product , I am disappointed that the paint has chipped and scraped . This is unacceptable , even if the paint is non-toxic . I do n't want my child eating paint of any kind . My kid owns wooden toys from other companies and , although he has used them the same way , the other toys look as good as new . In fact his Plan Toys and Maple Landmark wooden toys have not chipped or discolored one bit.I think many positive reviewers love this set because they paid enough for it , so dammit , I 'll love them ! Or it could also be that compared to plastic junk from China , these are excellent . However , I think it is perfectly reasonable to expect baby toys not to chip , so I 'll say it like it is - overpriced and not-durable . Get some natural wooden blocks finished with beeswax or unfinished for peace of mind .
 We purchased these based on the great reviews , and when they arrived they seemed to be everything people said they were . Loved the colors and the quality looked great . Our daughter also seemed to like them . However , two days after receiving them I went to clean our toys , and noticed that one of the blocks had developed a surface splinter ! I 'll try and attach a picture as it 's hard to describe otherwise.She only played with them a couple of times , and both times were under supervision , so it 's not like she was throwing them around or chewing on them that caused the piece to do this . We have since returned the blocks , and are debating whether or not to get another set . Probably not as there are so many other toys out there , but it 's unfortunate.Anyways -- parents please be careful and check all of the pieces periodically ! I shudder to think what would have happened had we not noticed this . -LRB- Our daughter is still at that age when she will put things in her mouth -RRB-
 It 's okay in dino mode , but not okay in robot mode . It 's very hard to put together and keep it together . Some pieces come off easily , and then they are hard to put back on . I wanted to return it right away and get somethng else .
 This `` Elegant Baby '' item is a feefee burp cloth with satin and micro soft fabrics that is too small to do anything with that could be construed as useful . Although it has a nice soft fabric wth rich chocolate color , it is too small and I believe the photos were misleading . I had no idea it was going to be soooo tiny -LRB- just 8 inches by 8 inches -RRB- . In essence when you factor in shipping at approx $ 6 plus the $ 22 cost for the item you are looking at one overpriced burp cloth or feefee thing .
 One of the worst transformers i 've seen in years . The picture makes it look cool and it is in jet mode . But once you transform him you realize you 've been ripped off . Shame on hasbro for making this garbage !
 i got this on my b-day i was so excited i opend him out of the box and his head broke off ! i put it back on it kept on falling off its no fun no way and if u do move it to much all the joints will fall off and when you put them back on they will fall offmy philosphy is if you shake a action figure and its joinsts mave you now its time to start saving up again to get a new action figure
 This is our third transformer and it broke the first DAY ! It is so much worse than the other ones . We love the first two , but this one is going back tomorrow .
 Thundercracker looks good in jet mode but loses a lot in the transition to robot mode . He 's a skinny , gangly figure with almost non-existent feet and a missile launcher arm nearly longer than his whole body . Amazingly , though , he can actually stand without support if you spread his legs a bit . The plastic on him feels flimsy compared to other Cybertron figures , even the smaller Scout class ones . I bought him to complete the series , but any child looking for some hard play value from him could wind up with a broken toy if they 're not careful .
 I agree with the reviewers who mention that it breaks easily . It broke about the second time that my son transformed it . He 's 5 and not hard on toys . We managed to glue it so that it still transforms , but it definitely is n't the easiest/best quality of his Transformers .
 Looks awesome in jet mode , but like the first reviewer states , the left shoulder will not stay in place , and theirs no hand on that arm , just a huge cannon . Sucks because he would have been pretty cool , now i just keep him in jet mode . Robot mode blows.And my girlfriend keeps pointing his toes and makes him look like he 's doing ballet . There is something wrong with her too .
 This figure is absolutely atrocious . I 'll admit that the jet mode looks kind of neat , the transformation is fun , and the robot head is cool , but the compliments end there . The gimmick is lame . That is the only way to describe it . Scattorshot flips up a missile pod , Wreckloose springs two antlers out of a shield , and Mudflap unfolds a blade out of his crane arm . What does Thundercracker do ? His gun opens slightly . Speaking of which , his `` gun arm '' is a chunk of airplane fuselage at best . This brings me to the biggest problem with this figure ... NOTHING CLIPS TOGETHER IN ROBOT MODE !!! He is also so top heavy and his feet are so small that he ca n't stand without leaning up against something . Final Thoughts
 My son loved this in the package , but the t-rex literally broke within 5 minutes of opening the box . we exchanged it for something elso . what a dissappointment .
 Maybe it was a bad batch of yeast , but none of the experiments worked for my excited 5 year old nephew . It was a disappointment ,
 I have purchased over 100 dolars on science projects from smithsonian institute to teach my six grader , these were a waste of money , they are all nothing but toddler toys , upon receiving them we though we would give it a try anyway , now I regret not returning all of them right away . We barely used them sincce my son is a six grader and these are for kinder garden science projects .
 I have done 3 experiments from this kit so far and every single one was a flop . I even went to the store and bought new yeast because I thought maybe it was old but it did n't make any difference . I wish I could get my money back for this kit . It was a complete waste of time and money .
 Bought as Xmas gift , experiments are well laid out and easy to understand . Our set had old yeast which led to failed experiments . It 's hard to find a good science kit nowadays this one is average . This kit is fun but needs to have fresh materials to be fun for kids . Would not buy again.MOC in San Diego
 The Itachi plush pictured above -LRB- 14 '' -RRB- is a counterfeit Banpresto plush -LRB- meaning , a Hong Kong counterfeit -RRB- . Plush from this set were only made at the 8 '' size .
 this is a very bad set of the 2 figures i mean the ventosaurus is not that big compared to kong so thats sort of silly also the ventosaur is fall apartable easy so he will never stand up and his body parts twist and turn the only time i had fun with it is when i could sort of get it too stand but I had to put it next to My coke can after that when i made kong punch him the punch missed because the ventosaur fell so I give kong figure 4/10 and the ventosarus 0/10 belive me one star is being genarous
 Lame collapsing action prevents the Venatosaurus from standing upright once removed from the supportive packing.If you 're getting them all you already have four Kongs . Save your money .
 Received as gift for holidays , and am very used to electronic handheld games and their use . This one 's screen was very difficult to use or see , despite changes in the contrast . It also has no back-light , with limited instructions . Not user-friendly , do n't waste your time with this one . I returned mine to the store of purchase . Thanks ,
 Got this as a gift for my wife and it did n't work out of the box . And amazon wo n't take it back or give refund because it contains `` hazardous '' materials . Very disappointed in the product and amazon .
 I got this Touch Screen Sodoku as a gift for my mom at Christmas . It has never worked properly .
 this is a disappointment , i expected better clarity and brightness . it 's sitting collecting dust . I would n't recommend this specific unit .
 It menu , setup and use over complicated and not intuitive , I had refer to manual several time to figure out how to properly start new game or save it . I do not see any reason why it should be made that bad.Now this toy i in bottom of my draw . I am sure if I pull it out again I will have to spent quite sometime before I recall how to navigate it .
 I know different people comes with different opinion . But I think My Scene is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy cooler than Barbie.Bratz are better than Barbie , and what 's up with the ` MAN 'S ' name.Ken ???? Eeeeeewwwwwwwww !!!! I think that is the stupidest name I ever heard .
 I bought this doll and others in the series specifically for the accessories shown . I make OOAK dolls and other vignettes . The accessories shown DO NOT all come with these dolls . The beautiful masks , extra purses , hair clips , etc shown are not part of the package . You only get the 1 plain mask per doll , and a random purse , not the extra -LRB- s -RRB- shown.The clothing is of very poor quality , and Butterfly wings are just paper.If you just want them for play , your experience might be different .
 when i saw this things face , i couldnt stop laughing !! this is HIL - AR - I - OUS ! IF YOU WANT AN UGLY TOY YOU CAN LAUGH AT OR SACRAFICE TO BRATZ , GET THIS , GET THIS . . BUT IF YOU WANT A GORGEOUS BEAUTIFUL DOLL , DONT GET THIS , GET A BRATZ DOLL . . HAHAHAHAHAHA !! -LRB- CANT STOP LAUGHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB-
 Bratz are much cooler and nicer whilst THESE other dolls will never be ANYTHING to the Bratz soo DREAM ON MY SCENE FANS BRATZ ARE WAY BETTER !!
 HA HA HA . my scene what a joke ! lol.u ACTUALLY like my scene ?? OMG thats hilarious ! This doll is frickin ' ugly people . ! haha!lacy BRATZ FAN ! MY SCENE HATER !!!!
 THIS IS THE WORST TOY EVER ! IT IS SO UGLY AND THE NAME IS DUMB ` MYSCENE ' AND BARBIE 'S EVEN WORSE ! MASQUERADE MADNESS IS DUMB . I MEAN , BUTTERFLY PUNK ? BARBIE COULD NEVER BE PUNKY AS SHE 'S SO GOODY-GOODY . SHE WILL NEVER COMPARE TO BRATZ DOLLZ - ESPECIALLY THE NEW ONES . SHE IS REALLY EASY TO BREAK AND IS SCARY BECAUSE SHE 'S SO HORRIBLY UGLY . YOU CAN BUY HER AND PUT HER OUT THE DOOR TO SCARE PEOPLE ON HALLOWEEN . THEY 'LL STAY AWAY FOREVER !
 i seriously feel sorry for the not-bright people that have been brainwashed by the evil my scene creators who think that they can get rich quick by making and manufacturing these loads of crap , when we could easily get them from our toilets . why , you ask , would i pay for these punk wannaB 's that just make evil smiles to make them look cool ??? because the stupid people that would buy one were already brainwashed into thinking that they would also become cool if they get one ... but it only makes them look really stupid and wannaB-ish . kids , i seriously warn you ; if you want to play with some modelled crap , get some from your toilet . but if you want to pay for modeled crap , then go waste your money on these punk wannaB 's and other junk .
 OMG . This doll , and many other pathetic ` My Scene ' dolls , make me SICK . I think that the lawsuit was a good thing for MGAE to do , because My Scene 's ARE copying Bratz , and if you were actually looking into the real world , you would see that . Bratz are not boaring , they are fun , and creative , and gorgeous . the My Scene dolls , on the other hand , are ugly peices of TRASH . The My Scene dolls have copied the Bratz dolls in many collections and will continue to do so , if not sued . I think that My Scene 's are just a bunch of sorry `` little '' girls , who have nothing better to do than shop and try to act cool . Too bad they are n't ! The Bratz may be a bit more maturly dressed than your avredge ballerina barbie , but they are certainly NOT sluts , and should be intended for older kids . I HATE the whole `` butterfly PUNK '' idea . Butterflies are girlish and stupid ; not punk . This doll is not cool . She looks like an idiot . I am a die-hard Bratz fan , and i will always be . I hate how the My Scene characters have copied the Bratz characters , as well . See ... Nolee copied JadeDelancey copied Yasmin 's moleand many more but i am not in the mood to write anymore.Hopefully you will beleive me . because all i say is true .
 Ok , I hate my scene and I 'm here to tell you why . Well , for millions of reasons !!! Here are 10:1 . They are ugly2.They copied diva stars and bratz3.They are BORING !!!! 4 . They are stoopid5.They are REALLY ugly6.No one likes them7.All they talk abot is FASHION , FASHION and FASHION8.Bratz are better than them9.Even my scene guys are ugly10.I HATE THEM !!!! # 1 MY SCENE HATER !!!!!!!
 I am the number one My Scene hater . I HATE My Scene . they are SUCH posers ! Bratz are 1 # and they deserve to be ! My Scene will NEVER beat the princess of all dolls , the Bratz ! -LRB- PS - Barbie is queen !! even though i HATE her ! -RRB- Do n't buy My Scene dolls , they are a waste of time and money ! Plus they copied Bratz ! And plus they are slutty and so unrealistic !
 this doll is n't the worst of the my scenes , but she really looks bad . the make-up makes her look ill and the wings in the back have got2 go . sorry to offend any of u who like this doll but i beg to differ .
 The My Scene dolls are such posers ! They 're nothing but wan na ` be Bratz -LRB- and need I remind you that the Bratz are way cooler ! -RRB- This Masquerade Madness doll is a copy of the Funk n ' Glow Bratz and she does n't even look half as pretty . Why ca n't Mattel just except the fact that `` Barbie 's Pink Reign of Idiotic Terror '' is OVER . GIVE UP MATTEL MY SCENE HAS NOTHING ON THE BRATZ DOLLS ! ~ From
 Well , i just have to say that i 'm surprised with Mattel . . After they make such lovely Barbie dolls , they go and design something way far from beautiful . . I am sorry , but i just do n't think these dolls are very beautiful , compared to Bratz and Barbie . . Ruth Handler is probubly very disapointed with these dolls , or , she would be .
 I do n't like this doll . I do n't like Masquerade Madness . I do n't like My Scene ! They are very ugly . This doll is very ugly . But Kenzie 's the ugliest . This comming from a girl that is twelve that has liked dolls all her life .
 this is gross cuz its pretty . pretty is bad . i hate my scene they are not ugly like bratz bratz rawk they made me skinny and obsessed with my fashion sense lol lol lol lol !!!!!
 I am happy with the people who reviewed this doll . You know what ? My mom was AFRAID of bratz when she first saw them . She only lets us have the little ones . And of course we all know that Diva starz and Barbie are made by the same company . Once I read a whole review about some kid blabbing over and over about how My scene copied Diva starz . They said one my scene had a diva starz 's hair , style , eyes , skin ... and so on for each girl . I am saying to all those positive girls ... THANKS A WHOLE LOT !!!! : -RRB- I really apreaciate that you are doing this . I 'm also thanking the people who did n't fight about who 's better
 FYI , Bratz are indeed better than My Scene dolls . And if we want to write bad things about My Scene dolls and good things about Bratz , then we can . There is no rule that says we do n't have to . And us acting like 3 year olds ? Listen to you . You are just whining about saying you love My Scene dolls and hate Bratz . Well , you are the one with a problem . You like My Scene dolls . That is a huge problem for people . My Scene suck and you know . Just give up . Bratz are totally better . And guess what , we do n't care if you do n't want us Bratz fans to write if we hate this doll and like Bratz better . We can if we want to . The rule is to write about what we think about the toy . Well , we think it is stupid , and we think we like Bratz better . And we are right . Bratz are better and My Scene dolls suck . So there .
 MY SCENE is the DUMBEST name eva and these things r just barbies with huge dememted heads . BUY BRATZ ! they are cool and way better 4 kids . my scenes just shop and date . BRATZ R WAYYYYY COOLER ! dont waste ur $ on this CRAP !!!
 and we wonder why we have all these young ladies prancing around in nothing but little mini skirts and teeny shirts ! if we teach little girls that dressing like a HO is how you are supposed to dress , then the little girls are gon na dress like HO 'S ! i never thought i 'd say this but ... hey look ! barbie is a stripper !
 am the biggest Bratz fan eva . I HATE My Scene !! My Scene is cheap and really ugly ! Bratz are n't ugly , they 're beautiful . And do My Scene actually DO anything ????? Ok , they live in New York so WHY do n't they ever do anything besides shop ?????!! At least Bratz are active . And now they have the Bratz Sports collection . Yasmin is a soccer player , Cloe plays golf , Meygan bowls , Sasha Cheerleads and i forget what Jade goes . I LOVE Bratz =-RRB- Mattel are just cheap copy cats that cant think for themselves . . Did i also mention My Scene accessories are cheap ????????????? Ok , Bratz atke trips around the world , have slumber parties , go to the beach and hang out . For My Scene its just like `` So , where are the guys taking us tonight ? '' and `` LETS SHOP ! '' I mean , come on ! Bratz will ALWAYS be better than My Scene ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS !!!! Bratz live in a medium sized town and My Scene lives in a big city ... My mom thinks Bratz are 100 % prettier than My Scene , more durable , AND cooler . My Scene is NOTHING to Bratz ... HELLO !???????? And Bratz were out almost a year before My Scene . Bratz came out in the summer of 2001 and My Scene in the fall of 2002 !! So there !!!!!!!!! And Kenzie copied Meygan totally cause as we ALL know , Meygan was out WAY before Kenzie !!! And Delancey copied Yasmin 's mole , cause Yasmin was out before Delancey . Just face the facts MY SCENE fans , Bratz are wayyy better and they always will be , so GIVE UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think Bratz is a cute concept . I really do n't understand why Mattel would make a Barbie looking like a Bratz doll . I am a Barbie Collector . I have been for a decade . I am glad I have some to give to my daughter . I love the size of her head in the '90s . I wo n't buy a My Scene Barbie or any funky-sized head Barbie at this point . I ca n't see how sales could be better . Marketing experts should have kept the head the same size . I 'm sure it costs money to make a different mold . Maybe it 's better to take the losses and go back to what works . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 If I could rate these dolls lower then I would put this -1 . Im not hatin on My scene but what the hell . My scene looks so cheap . They must be taking these dolls out of the garbage and then selling them . Bratz is way beyond all of the other dolls because they know how to strut there stuff and they aint afraid to show there fashion . Stop looking in the garbage for a my scene dolll and get a Bratz doll from toysrus . Love you bratz fans out there . If you want to keep it real then buy a bratz doll .
 Hahaha that is funny , saying this toy is pretty . Haha . Wait , you were serious ? You actually think that this this ... . thing is p-p-pretty . Puting pretty and this toy together makes disaster . Because this is the ugliest thing I have ever seen . I do n't even think this thing is human , I do n't think any My Scene dolls are humans . They are all so ugly , they could make the perfect halloween decoration . It could be for old people that hate kids around their lawn . They could put them out on their lawn , and it would scare the kids to death . And I agree with that girl . Bratz are better and My Scene dolls suck and are ugly .
 I recently bought this toy for my daughter . When I took the doll out of the box her hair was a mess ! I tried to brush it out but it did n't work . The doll is now on the floor totally ignored with messy hair !
 A sexy outfit?Please.If thats the way we want little girls to act count me out.I ca n't even belive it was n't kicked out allready.Barbie 's outfits are terribly tacky.And her face has that spoiled princess look to it.And soon every girl who has it will practicly be saying `` I want to be a belly dancer . `` I do NOT recamend that doll .
 my scene are copyers taking a cue from bratz mattel are just plane expensive and have no stly senes forgot to mention something hope mattel loses again this christmas so they can be out off bussnie forevere
 I am the biggest Bratz fan eva . I HATE My Scene !! My Scene is cheap and really ugly ! Bratz are n't ugly , they 're beautiful . And do My Scene actually DO anything ????? Ok , they live in New York so WHY do n't they ever do anything besides shop ?????!! At least Bratz are active . And now they have the Bratz Sports collection . Yasmin is a soccer player , Cloe plays golf , Meygan bowls , Sasha Cheerleads and i forget what Jade goes . I LOVE Bratz =-RRB- Mattel are just cheap copy cats that cant think for themselves . . Did i also mention My Scene accessories are cheap ????????????? Ok , Bratz atke trips around the world , have slumber parties , go to the beach and hang out . For My Scene its just like `` So , where are the guys taking us tonight ? '' and `` LETS SHOP ! '' I mean , come on ! Bratz will ALWAYS be better than My Scene ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS !!!! Bratz live in a medium sized town and My Scene lives in a big city ... My mom thinks Bratz are 100 % prettier than My Scene , more durable , AND cooler . My Scene is NOTHING to Bratz ... HELLO !???????? And Bratz were out almost a year before My Scene . Bratz came out in the summer of 2001 and My Scene in the fall of 2002 !! So there !!!!!!!!! And Kenzie copied Meygan totally cause as we ALL know , Meygan was out WAY before Kenzie !!! And Delancey copied Yasmin 's mole , cause Yasmin was out before Delancey . Just face the facts MY SCENE fans , Bratz are wayyy better and they always will be , so GIVE UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It wo n't be long until these cheap , wannabe poser dolls are off the market , and you can go back to living your everyday lives.I HAVE some of these dolls . But now i think they are too similar to Bratz . I have NINE Bratz . Bratz are REAL collector dolls . Thats why they are so expensive . These dolls are POSERS !!! I mean , LOOK at that fake grin !
 The box was in a little bad shape.Picture did not show silver paint or nail polishon box -LRB- on the front -RRB- . Felt that I was miss lead !
 Parents : GET THIS FOR YOUR CHILD GET A 8 , 9 , 10 , OR 11 & UP i AM GOING TO BUY THIS AT TARGET B4 ITS OUT OF STOCK
 THESE DOLLS ARE TOTALLY COPING THE BRATZ BUT THERE SLUTS BECAUSE ON THEIR WEB SITE THEY GO OUT WITH LIKE FIVE DIFFERENT GUYS TOTALLY SLUTS . BRATZ ARE BETTER THEIR JUST COPING AND GET A FASHION CLASS . FU * K ANY ONE WHO DOES N'T LIKE BRATZ . O STARZ FOR MY SCENE . AND ON THERE WEBSITE TO THEIR DOGS LOOK LIKE THEIR ON CRACK . GO GO GO GO GO GO GO BRATZ THE GIRLZ WITH A PASION FOR FASHION . -LRB- GOOD FASHION -RRB- i HAD TO PUT 1 STAR BUT I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT 0 STARZ BUT THAT WAS N'T AN OPTION.MY SCENE SUCKZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 my scene is ugly they suck bratz rock my scene are for low class hil billies screw ya 'll my scene fans .
 You do n't even know what we look like . How dare you call us ugly . And if we think that this doll is ugly , then it is . And FYI , Bratz came out first not My Scene dolls . Bratz came out June 2001 , and My Scene dolls came out June 2002 , Duh . My Scene dolls are nothing but peices of ugly crap that look like you found them in a gutter or a dump . My Scene dolls are ugly and if we think that , then it is true . My Scene dolls suck and you know it . Bratz dolls kick My Scene dolls butt . Bratz are all the way . They rule and they are prettier and more fashionable . THEY ARE 17 YEARS OLD , GIRLS THEIR AGE ALWAYS DRESS LIKE THAT . THE OUTFIT THE BRATZ WEAR ARE ALWAYS IN . BRATZ DOLLS ARE BETTER AND YOU KNOW IT . MY SCENE DOLLS JUST WISHED THEY LOOKED LIKE THE BEAUTIFUL , PRETTY , POPULAR , FASHIONABLE BRATZ DOLLS . BRATZ DOLLS RULE AND MY SCENE DOLLS DROOL . GET OVER IT . BRATZ WON AND MY SCENE LOST.P.S . Did you know that MGA is trying to sue Mattel . And they are sueing them because they are always copying them . And if they are sued , then I am going to celebrate . No more My Scene dolls . Halleluah . Hip hip Hooray . Whoo-hoo !!!! No more My Scene dolls . YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 How vulgar . These things are simply horrid . Get bratz , they are at least appropriate , unlike these cretures . Ugg , they act like bold , vulgar animals .
 Mattel copies everything the Bratz do . And the Bratz dolls did sort of copied Barbie dolls , but they do n't copy them in everything . Unlike Mattel who copies everything MGA does . My Scene dolls suck . And I ca n't wait for MGA to sue Mattel . The world will be a better place when that happens . This doll is ugly , she looks like a belly dancer . So not appropraite for little girls . My Scene dolls are slutty ugly dumb dolls . brazt dolls are prtty fashionable great dolls . Get a Bratz doll intead .
 Okay , I 'm going to set the record straight , bratz came out before my scene , just check out the mark on the back of a bratz head.Mattel wanted to update Barbie , but obviously , they did n't have any good ideas , so they copied off of the BratzPack . Big heads and the whole nine yards . They also needed stylish clothes , so again , they had to copy off of the Bratz . Yeah , I admit that its not something we would want are kids wearing , but its real , up close and personal , and in your face . We also do n't want to teach r kids to be fake . And thats what my scene teaches you . It 's all about the shopping and the primping , and yeah i guess bratz are too , but bratz show diversity.I reccomend bratz to people everywhere from 7 to 77 ! Go out and take a look at the bratz !
 NOT My scene !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My Scene sucks so bad and they are very cheap too !!! They copy cool Bratz !
 I hate bratz I hate because they are a brat!They are best friends with great taste in clothes , and help eachother out , your not a Bratz fan , so you would n't . And they are better then My Scene dolls.I hate bratz because they are fatheads!Fatheads ? My Scene dolls ARE fat , and they have super fat butts and boobs.I hate anyone who even likes a bratz , because i considerthemselves one too.Excuse me , you are a big jerk , you hate someone just because they liek somthing you hate ? YOU are a brat AND jerk.They thimk the are popular but theyare acually showoffs.No I do not . I do n't think I 'm popular at all . And we are not showoffs . You are a jerk that does n't know anything about anyone , and you ca n't spell `` think '' . I only like my scene becausethey are wonderful . That 's why they are fatheads !!!!!!! They are so not wonderful , they have big butts and boobs , and they have sloppy lips , and they have 4 different kinds of feet , and they have dry greasy hair and no taste in clothes . But Bratz are pretty and fashionable and totally better . Deal with it .
 This doll is SO ugly ! It totally copied Bratz ! Bratz dolls are beautiful , My Scene dolls are UGLY ! My Scene dolls are ugly , trashy , dumb dolls for babies who do n't know about REAL fashion yet ! Bratz are totally awsome and you know it ! Why do n't you just face the facts and admit that Bratz are totally better ?
 U KNOW THE MY SCENE R UGLY CUZ THEY JUST COPY THE BRATZ THEY R UGLY BRATZ R NOT UGLY ! WHY R U LIKE THAT UR SO BAD TO SAY THAT DONT DO THAT AGAIN OK UGLY MYSCENE MAYKS ME ANGRY !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 IMO , My Scene is nothing to Bratz . I LUV BRATZ . They will live on 4EVER . Ok so I do n't OWN this doll and NEVER will ... Own ANY My Scene . But My sister got Barbie 4 her B-Day so I have a clue ... Now I do n't care if you wan na like My Scene or hate it . If it 's your thing then go on I do n't care but DO N'T TALK TRASH ABOUT BRATZ !!! EVER . I like the fact that they have big heads , feet and removable feet ! I think Bratz are really cool and should be intended for 8 yrs and UP . The younger kids might enjoy the My Scene 's better ... who knows . I have a lot of criticism for My Scene but that 'll make my review WAY too long so ... Stop hating on Bratz !!! People , grow up and stop fighting over which is best ! Everyone has their opinion and mine is
 My Scene is lovely NOT ! I just do n't get who would buy such an UGLY DOLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay ... I Am NOT going to bash My Scene , I 'll make it plain . I will just `` Point Out '' a few things . First of all , Bratz and My Scene/Barbie were not made by the same person . Barbie was made by Mattel and Bratz were made by MGA Entertainment . My Scene did n't come first , If there was NO BRATZ , there would n't BE My Scene so appreciate them a little bit ! The reason My Scene was made was because Mattel wanted their dolls to be on `` Top Of The Doll World '' again . Bratz DO N'T have `` Huge heads '' It 's cool , funky and `` Bratz ! '' . My Scene is way out of proportion anyway . For everyone saying `` Oh , Bratz are SUCH a bad example to younger kids and blah blah blah because they wear `` Skimpy Clothes '' and are Skinny and stuff . Well , Bratz are meant to be about 16-18 . Or anything over that if you want . Anyway , My Scene does n't set the perfect example to kids too . `` Oh , All we do is go to the mall and flirt and go on dates with the guys and we have way-out of proportion bodies so it looks like we had a boob job '' What example to kids is that ? Bratz go to the Beach , Different Places , Discos , Spas , Swimming pools concerts and even do a Charlie 's Angels act with DyNamite . They even have `` Midnight Dance '' a supposedly Victorian gothic style bratz . They also do Sportz like Bowling , Soccer , Golf , Tennis , Volleyball and more ! So If you think about it , appreciate the Bratz at least all you My Scene lovers because if they were n't here , they would n't BE bratz.On the Ratings :1 star for fun-out of proportion ... pretty , but weird4 stars for education-Don ' t be scared of dressing up like a mermaid while you cruise the mall1 star fot durability - They 're heads come of SOOO easily ! POP!Overall -2 stars .
 idont like the ` masquerade madness my scenes.i would also like to say that i am a MS fan but latley i found something that proves my scene did infact copie bratz . on answers.com `` MyScene is a line of Barbie dolls , meant to be more modern and trendy than normal . They were created by Mattel to combat the direct and growing threat of Bratz dolls . `` yep it proves it :-LRB- im so sad
 Finally ! Someone who understands me ! My Scene is SUCH a cheap imitation of Bratz ! The fact is that Barbie was ruling the toy world until Bratz stormed in and took over . I mean I do n't know but I think that Barbie felt THREATENED by Bratz and thats why they created these My Scene barbies . Personally I say it 's about time someone came and started a new line of dolls . Like , honestly no one over 8 really bothers with Barbies . And I mean look at the choices we have
 Well , now i know what the ugliest doll thats ever been created is-My Scene ! They 're soo lame and they have little feet -LRB- May i also add they copy the Bratz in many ways -RRB- Here is a list of things Mattel copied from MGA entertainment : ~ Big Lips ~ Removable feet ~ Style ~ MoviesSee what i mean ??? Kenzie = Meygan Nolee = Jade Madison = Yasmin Barbe = Cloe
 My sister got this doll . I think it was WAY too expensive and the accessories were flat out boring . They did n't even use the masks ! If they are going to have masks , I think they should have bendable arms . I HATE the shirt . When we bought it , the shells were n't covering where they were supposed to.I gave them 4 star education because of the movie 's message.After watching the movie , I thought they should have made a Delancey doll . She is such a reject and her outfit was cool . The movie would n't be the same without her .
 Everyone knows that MGA made Brazt dolls and Mattel made My Scene dolls . And everyone knows that the Bratz are now and the My Scene dolls are never . My Scene dols better watch out , because the BRATZ are the best . YOU have to deal with it . that IS the truth . The Brazt dolls are better and they always will be . Your just jealous that the Bratz dolls are the best and that My Scene dolls are the worst . Get over it . Bratz won and My Scene lost . Bratz rule My Scene drule . Brazt are beautiful and My Scene dolls are ugly . Well , I proved that the Bratz dolls are better . So get over it already . Bratz are great and My Scene dolls are not .
 If your gon na get a doll like that at least cover up more skin . And what is up with her dog ? I think the classic Barbie doll is good and nice quailty , but now the mattel manufacturs think girls like these freakie lookin ' dolls.sickning-not pleased AT ALL ! = ^ -LRB-
 While `` Creatures of Skull Island '' are designed with attention to detail , you get few creatures for your money and what you do get has no meanginful articulation . This makes it very boring for kids .
 This doll is sooooooo ugly!It 's the worst doll in the my scene!BOOOOOO !
 I AM A HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE MY SCENE FAN AND BRATZ FAN , BUT WHAT AN UGLY MADISON.HER CLOTHES ARE FINE , BUT THE FACE ?????????? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! HER MOUTH ??? AAAAAAAAAAAH !!! AAAAAAAAAAAHH !!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWW !!!!! I WILL NEVER GET THIS MADISON DOLL.I WILL GET MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD MADISON IS MOOOOOOOOOOORE BEAUTIFUL THAN THIS UGLY MADISON.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER * BUT NOT A LOVER ON THIS ONE !!!
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Bratz are the top fashions queens in the world today ! I LOVE them ! I have a TON of them ! I USED to like My Scene , but then i discovered their pure ugliness ! Do n't buy My Scene , because they are a copy of the beautiful , wonderful and creative Bratz dolls ! My Scene dolls are U-G-L-Y ! The Bratz dolls are actually pretty and have neat themes ! Do n't buy My Scene , because you are wasting your time and money on these selfish , ugly , dumb dolls ! They do n't even have cool clothes ! The outfits are plain BOARING !!!!!!!
 I wish i could say good things about it but i ca n't . . It is very ugly . It is not appealing at all . If you want apealing , buy REAL Barbies ! Not these cheap dolls . . They are not fun and they are not very durable either . . The accessories are very cheaply made . . exspecially the dog !
 I know that my scene lovers are not going to like this review but i seriously think that my scene dolls are trying to copy the `` Bratz '' dolls , i mean , who came first ? I think you 'll find the bratz did.This doll is quite attractive i 'll give it that , but they are trying to get people to buy the doll because of the dvd . I think that is way out , people should buy the doll becauase they like the doll ! Bratz do n't need any stupid dvd to sell their dolls , and look how many dolls they 've sold!I think that you should miss out on any dolls -LRB- including this one -RRB- that come with a dvd , they 're just trying to bribe you in to buying it.Thankyou for reading .
 This is definately NOT my favorite Nolee doll.Even though Masquerade Madness is one of my fave sets this Nolee just can not make it . I suggest Shopping Spree Nolee or My Scene gose Hollywood Nolee . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The price for this toy was unbelievably high . I thought this would be bigger than it was . I should have paid more attention to the stats of this item . I would not have purchased it had I known .
 Lame collapsing action prevents this standing upright once removed from the supportive packing .
 This toy is not fun for a little person . It wo n't stay together at all ; even when you turn the crank to tighten the strings , it is still too loose . And the head is not straight unless you hold it in the correct position . My 4.5 yr . old got it for Christmas and is disappointed .
 The joints on this toy are made out of string and are only loosely connected . Very hard to make stand . It just falls down and looks like a dinosaur corpse .
 we got this toy for our 5 year old son , and WOW what a disappointment . the whole body collapses and even when reset can not be played with , let alone touched without falling apart . we give it a zero for playability . we wasted our money , do n't waste yours .
 I bought this for my son 's birthday , and ended up giving it to him early , for easter . I had been wanting to purchase this for a year , but could n't justify the price . Then I caught it on sale . When we recieved it , the table cover part -LRB- a piece of particle board -RRB- was broken and the stickers were folded in half ruining them . The cars and trains it comes with were Very cheapy . The tracks and the little pushpins to assemble them are very difficult to do and I had sore thumbs afterward . The legs are difficult to put on , the holes are not there , YOU have to drill them . I left them off . My son played with it for a fe minutes and then I had to keep reminding him to go play with it . He would rather play with his cars and trains on the floor or kitchen table . I returned it and Amazon gave me a quick refund . My son did n't even miss it ! I have never had any problems with Step 2 products in the past , maybe I just got a dud .
 I think this is the first bad review I 've ever given anything . I had put the word out for the holidays my son wanted a train table and said which one he had at daycare as a suggestion . Well Santa brought this one and it is awful . The plastic is so warped I ca n't even get the pieces to stay together , he can pull the `` bridges '' right apart from the table , plastic screws and all . The `` train '' -LRB- train shaped plastic pieces -RRB- is already falling apart , the axles do n't fit in the wheels right and they 're flopping all over . It says 3 + but after seeing the other reviews I thought this would be OK for my 15 month old - it IS NOT . It 's like chintzy matchbox cars . I started putting it together and decided it was an exemplary model of subpar Chinese workmanship -LRB- the pieces do n't fit together but the CHINA stamp is clear on every piece !! -RRB- and will be figuring out how & where to return this ASAP .
 Started to build this train table for my 2yr olds Christmas tonight -LRB- Christmas eve -RRB- all of the bridges and pieces needed to assemble the table are missing ! You can imagine our disappointment - our 2yr old will not receive his train table that he has been looking forward to . Thanks amazon I guess Santa really does n't exist .
 Terrible . Table top came snapped in half . Poorly packaged . Sent it back and then rushed to Target the next day trying to figure out what to get my boys . It was going to be their BIG present Christmas morning . Do n't be a dope and wait to open the package and assemble it on christmas eve .
 Purchased this Train and Track Table for my grandson 's birthday . Started to put it together , when I noticed that in one area , there had to have been air pockets while the company was injecting the plastic into the mould . There were many small holes all the way through and with just one touch the plastic would break through to the next hole . There was also a track that would not lay flush due to it being too large for the span . It was at the bottom of a hill where the car would pick up speed and then come to a sudden stop not being able to go over the track . Amazon was terrific in the return process and -LRB- hopefully I wo n't be sorry -RRB- sending out of a replacement . I am hoping this bad one was just a fluke and the replacement table will be fine . It is great working with Amazon though !
 I have n't received this item so I do n't know what to say .
 this is one of the sluttiest barbies i have ever seen in my entire life ! i mean ... short skirt ... and fluffy boots ? what the heck ? what kind of barbie is this !? not the kind i would EVER even LOOK at buying . they are SOOO ugly ... and ho-ish . i know so many people say this but what kind of lesson is this for the young girls that are going to play with this doll ? `` dress slutty and you can be cool like barbie ! '' ? she might as well be wearing a shirt that says `` i 'm a ho ! '' and on top of that ... her shirt lights up ? what , to show off her chest ! haha this doll must be a JoKe ... or else it sure looks like it
 I 'm very sorry that I can not share my review with you all . I have searched high and low and have not been successful in finding this doll in the African American version . Although I 've shopped at predominantly Afican American stores it is not available . I even tried various stores online and came up with nothing . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It is a shame that africian american dolls are so limited ! I have been trying for two weeks now to purchase this doll and still have not had any luck . Yesterday , I went on line with Wal-mart and both dolls -LRB- white & black -RRB- were not in stock . I go back on line today and the white doll is avaliable . Every store I go in there is a large quanity of the white dolls , but the black doll is unavaliable . What is the problem with this situation . I even went as far as calling Mattel the manufactor of the doll and they were not helpful . It 's just a shame that america would think that the white doll would be more profitable than the black doll and therefore made a limited supply of the black doll . What a shame for America !
 I have been searching for this doll for weeks now and ca n't find one single African American version of this doll . They are always unavailable online and in the store . Has Mattel or any other retailer heard of supply and demand ? I refuse to buy a doll that my child ca n't relate too , as someone else on this review stated . . VARIETY !! I have not seen any caucasian children walking around with black babydolls , so why should my child have to walk around with a doll that does not look like her . Simply put . . Make more dolls of diversity . There is a demand . . so therefore supply !!!! It 's almost 2006 , Mattel wake up and smell the market !!!
 I recently brought this doll for a child . The doll her felt like a wire and the hair would not curl . The little girl became frustrated and did not want to play with it anymore . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this doll .
 I am very disappointed , I called everywhere looking for this toy . I even called the manufacturers , all they said is this was released in 2004 so whatever is out there is it . There is no way to order this toy even thru the manufacturer . Sucks ! , I ca n't believe this ! I need this toy for my daughter , she really enjoys watching me do peoples ' hair so I know she would love this . Amazon and the manufacturer gets an F grade and zero stars from me on this item .
 What a disapointment . My daughter is 6 years old and she can not style the hair because it arrived in a tangled mess . The make-up does not appear to change color either . A waste of money ...
 The hair is made of a very unusual material . It is very hard to manage . Once removed from the packaging , this styling head is useless . The hair becomes a tangled mess . Mattle claims that you can curl it . My guess , that is probably why they decided to use plastic wire-like material for hair . The make-up does n't work . I would not recommend this styling head . There are other Barbie styling heads that are made of synthetic hair -LRB- wig-like -RRB- that are more easy to manage , comb , and style . I would not buy any that have special features like curl or color .
 There is not a fun toy . I used my allowance to buy . The hair is bad and so tangled . You can not comb it or style it like on the box . I do not like this toy , it is not fun .
 I do n't understand why anyone would WANT this toy after giving it to my 5-year-old . The hair is a horrible tangled mess that even I ca n't get a comb through . The water has to be very cold or very hot for it to work at all to make the color change . several of the hair clips and the nail polish bottle came broken . The hair , however , is the biggest disappointment . There is NO WAY my child will be able to style it because it is so messy and tangled . A big waste of money .
 I too can not find this toy ... it is irresponsible for a toy company to advertise a toy at Christmas time and not have enough to go around . I am looking for the African American Version also , but news is I have n't found any version . I have looked in Toys-r-Us , Walmart , Target and many other places ... it is not even available online . What a RipOff . My Kid tells me this is her # 1 Wish for Christmas . I will feel real good on Christmas Morning with no doll . Let 's let Mattel know how we feel !
 Very disappointed because I ordered product approximately 3 weeks ago and still have not received it . I give the manufacturer and Amazon and F for customer service .
 This must be a really HOT item . This is the secound Christmas that I was unable to find this toy . The salesperson in the store stated to me that every time they get a shipment in it leaves the shelves in a matter of hours . My daughter is 6years old today , and I thought that I would be able to supersie her with this toy for her Birthday , but she 'll be disappointed again this year . SOBBING !
 this dum toy !? Ya right ! , i bought it and it had plastic strands of hair . If you ever run yur fingers through it , it will burn . truly i think that you should not buy this because i was very dissapointed in how the way it looked too ! Near the picture it said african american ity even looked african american but when i got it you would n't belived how light colored it looked and the hair was sooo shabby that it would NEVER EVER seem like could comb it all the way through . It 's not all what the customers say . I think you would be wasting yur money BIG TIME and i hope you find this reveiw helpful to you . LATER !
 We were very happy to get this toy until our daughter played with it and the frizzy hair is horrible . The hair comes out and is very unmanagable ; you ca n't even get the comb thru it . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 I purchased this for my four year old daugter who loves to style her baby dolls ' hair . We were very disappointed ! The hair is wire !! It stays tangled and and can not be styled . However , she enjoys the makeup aspect of the doll .
 My daughter is five and loves doing her friend 's hair , my hair , any doll 's hair , so this was what she asked for at Christmas . I really am disgusted that I paid good money for this toy - and I 'm not embellishing . I am so disappointed in the doll 's hair and make-up application . Within a week the hair was so tangled that even I could n't untangle it . I decided to sit and comb it during my evening programs and even through an hour I had n't combed it enough to get it managable . The curling iron does `` curl '' the hair , but barely . I would rather the hair not curl at all and be more fine/manageable -LRB- like a real Barbie doll 's hair -RRB- than be able to curl it . Besides the mess of hair , the nails and eye make up are suppose to change with icy cold water , but ours just barely tinted a different color . Now , six months later , the nails do not change at all on one hand , no matter how hot or cold the water is . Despite how excited my daughter was to get this toy - I can count the number of times she 's played with it on both hands and half of those times she has come to me to get a hair clip out or to help untangle the hair . SUCH a disappointment !!
 This frog is extremely cute . However , the webkinz website does not have any customer support . Several days after registering the account froze every time it tried to load . Their support never returned my emails and messages .
 The concept is great , but actual fun for the child is almost none . The hair is hard to comb and curl , it is confusing as to hot water/cold water to make the nails and eye shadows turn color . My daughters LOVES hair , make-up , etc. , but this toy has been put back in the box and will probably stay there .
 What a waste of money . My granddaughter , age six and a half was so excited about receiving this as a gift but that excitement was short lived . The hair on this doll head was so matted and tangled just coming out of the box , she could n't get it combed out . I did the combing for her and I had trouble with it . The nails did not change colors no matter what she tried . I feel bad for her but I guess it goes in the garage sale .
 The barbie head is horrible . The hair is so matted and has some kind of sticky substance that you can not comb it . And if you can get the comb through it , it pulls the hair out . It is a completely worth less toy . Do not waste your money !
 This is one of the worst toys I have ever purchased . Luckily I got it on sale so I was only out $ 20 but even at that I was angry by the poor quality of it . The hair is impossible to get a comb thru . It was just a big ball of fuzz in the back when we took it out of the box and it still is . There was no way we could make it look good . The `` make up '' and `` nail polish '' changing colors did not work nearly as well as it should have . Just a piece of junk .
 I really wanted this toy for Christmas , and when I got it , I immediately took it out of the box . The hair was a knotted mess . The comb is horrible , so it 's just about impossible to comb the hair . The curling iron does work , but once you curl hte hair , the curls do n't come out . The nails do turn color , but they only do that for a few times , and then the do n't turn color again . The eyeshadow does n't work too . Over all , this was a BIG dissapointment . Save your money for a funner , working toy .
 I got this doll for my daughter Christmas and it sucks . The hair is horribly tangled and VERY difficult to comb , and does n't hold a curl with the fake curling iron . The nails do change colors with hot or cold water , but big deal . The make up does n't change color . The hair accessories are too small to deal with the thick hair . I would not recommend this doll to anyone .
 My 5 year old daughter just had to have this . I had one when I was about her age and it was wonderful . So , I did n't even bother reading the opinions on it ... MY MISTAKE !!!!! The hair was a total disaster the minute we took it out of the box . I tried to comb and brush it but it was like she got a very bad dye job and it literally fried her hair . It is not silky at all like the picture shows . When I try to do her hair it literally pulls out . I do n't care about the money , my daughter 's happiness is what is important and she hates it because the hair wo n't curl and she ca n't brush it . This is a total waste of time and money . They sure do n't make things like they used to .
 Not only was my eight year old granddaughter disappointed ... so was I . This was a Christmas present I decided to get my granddaughter after she expressed her desire to have one -LRB- we saw the commercial for it -RRB- . The hair is a mess and not at all fun to untangle . The make-up did n't work as it does on TV and the press on nails would n't even stay on . My daughter and I sat down with my granddaughter and read all the instructions and followed them to the letter . We are totally disappointed with this Barbie product especially because it IS a Barbie product .
 I bought this for my little girl for Christmas last year . She dragged it around for 6 months by the hair , not letting me throw it away because it was Barbie , but not able to play with it because it absolutely does not work . The hair was uncombable . This year , I got the Corelle dolls into my own store , and they had a version of this toy , only it looks like a little girl . I brought it home for Christmas , and at first , my daughter did n't want it because it did n't look like Barbie . However , she opened it , and the hair combs like real hair , and the makeup is nice . Way worth the money . Go to an independent toy store and buy the Corelle doll head . It is worth every penny , and a more suitable image .
 I purchased this toy for my 5 yr old daughter last Christmas and was disappointed . The makeup part and color changing nails was cute but to try and style and brush the doll 's hair was a nightmare ! The more it was brushed the messier it got and as another reviewer said , it came out in clumps . My daughter got frustrated with it and simply gave up after awhile . She now wants the compact Barbie face that you can put makeup on .
 I used my own money to buy this doll . I was very upset because her hair got tangled up right away . So , my mom let me take her back to the store and we got my money back . Then we tried the Corolle Styling Head . It costs the same and it is great . I have used her for days and her hair is still like new . I do n't know how it works , but the hair can curl too . I wish Toys R Us would carry Corolle dolls . They are great !
 I agree with the upset Mom from Lake Moses WA . I am so dissappointed with this Barbie head . The hair is like plastic straw . You can not even get a comb through it , and it comes out in clumps . The nails do not change color easily and the makeup on the face does nothing at all . This was a big waste of money . I think the heads that I saw at the Dollar General for only $ 5 were better than this one ! When I was a kid , the doll head that I had was made much better . The hair was more like real and you could manage it easily . And it even grew longer , and then you could turn a wheel and it went back to short again . It was very durable . I wish I never bought this Barbie head . My 4 year old daughter was so excited , but now she says it is no fun , and doesnt play with it . Dont waste your money !
 Bought this toy for my 4 year old daughter as I remembered how much fun I had with mine when I was her age . What a HUGE disappointment ! The hair tangled instantaneously to a point where it was absolutely unmanageable . We gave up from there . The idea is fantastic , but the product needs a great deal of improvement .
 The only thing educational about this toy is , you learn not to buy it ever again . It was a disaster , the hair was a mess after about 10 minutes , the make up did not show up at all . My daughter was frustrated and ready to give it to the dog :-RRB- It is ashame for people to waist their money on this , I suggest DO NOT BUY !!!
 This toy does truely have wirey hair that becomes instantly uncombable . The nails do n't work , and though I thought she would have toy make up my daughter could use , she is one of those worthless color chage in water types that do n't really change . It was the toy my daughter most wanted for Christmas last year and her most complained about . She calls it ` that dummy head ' . The most fun she had with it was cutting her hair into a manageable bob - one of the three times she played with it ... ten dollars a turn .
 I had to throw this away - the hair became a matted , tangled mess ! I do n't recommend it
 I was going to the girl who I babysit -LRB- she 's 5 -RRB- when we decided to play with the Barbie Primp and Polish . Not only did it take me forever to somewhat untangle Barbie 's wiry hair , we needed to put down a towel for the water and it just created a mess . The little pieces like the stick on nails and accessories are just annoying and inconvienient . The way you can swivel the head around is just kind of freaky . The girl 's mom says this toy will hopefully make it 's way into the garbage - she despises it ... and I do n't think too highly of it either .
 my daughter received one of these for her birthday . the hair is aweful !!! i unwrapped the hair and it was so tangled . it took 30 minutes to comb it out , and so much hair fell out . it continues to fall out every time you bush . the make-up is so cheesy . all you do is apply water , and that does n't even work half the time . given that my daughter is three , it makes no difference to her , but give me a break . i think it 's a big waste of money !!!!
 i got this toy and i was so excited but as soon as i took it out of the box and started to brush her hair it got so tangled you couldnt even get the brush alll the way from the top to the bottom , it always got stuck the nails dont really work and overall the toy is a piece of junk dont waiste your money on it
 I was so excited for my 5 y.o. daughter to get her first Barbie Stylin ' Head ! She was tearing the box apart on Christmas morning without even finishing opening the other gifts , and it only took a few minutes to realize that this was a waste of our money . Barbie 's hair is CREEPY !! They could 've used one tenth the amount of hair and it would 've still been fun , and with it being so thick and wirey , it is absolutely impossible to comb through . There 's so much of it , you ca n't fit it all into a ponytail , like my daughter was so looking forward to doing , and it just always looks like a complete mess ! Barbie has now found her permanent home , in the back of the closet , and will stay there until my daughter has forgotten about her and I can joyfully toss her in the garbage . Yuck !
 Normally i would say get the doll it looks great , but my little sister got the doll last christmas and what a train wreck it was!i am desparately telling you avoid the doll at all costs , the hair looks like a birds nest after you get it out the box!get the classic small barbie dolls , or non-curliable hair styling heads !
 I simply give up on trying to find this doll . There are NO AFRICAN AMERICAN dolls anywhere , however I can find the Caucasionone at the local Wal-mart , Target , and Toys R ' Us . I notice that it is always harder to find popular dolls for african american children . I want my child to have a doll that resembles her , and that means we will be buying the Bratz doll head . Those are plentiful at most super stores . My mother-in-law has told me to order the Barbie primp and polish off e-bay and she will pay for it . I think not ! There is no way I will give someone $ 50 plus dollars for a piece of plastic . This has been a disappointing search . This doll got a poor rating because I ca n't find it to prove otherwise .
 My daughter got this last Christmas . Anyone that asked what she wanted , that was what she told them . What a total disappointment ! She tried styling Barbie 's hair probably twice and was totally frustrated with that awful wiry hair that you ca n't even get the comb through . We also tried the nails once -LRB- that equals $ 10 per time she played with it -RRB- . I just sold it at a garage sale yesterday for $ 2.00 and think I probably overpriced it !
 Let 's just say that this toy has gone to our local dump ! An adult ca n't even comb through that mop of a hair ! A real waste of money !
 For some reason , I thought I ordered this doll from another store until I reviewed my account and found the order here . The doll 's hair looked as if it had been washed and heated over and over . It was coarse and crinkly instead of smooth the way NEW doll hair is . My daughter had anticipated receiving this doll for a year , but she does n't play with it because she can do nothing with the hair . I usually return damaged items , but we threw away the box and packing material , and I just decided to accept this as a loss .
 The doll 's nails could stay in ICE WATER for a month , and they would n't change color . If you can get the stickers to stay on her nails , you 're a better person than I. My granddaughter was very dissapointed .
 Horrible , horrible hair ! If you think you have had a bad hair day before - wait til you see this head ! LOL Not worth the money . We took ours to Goodwill -LRB- probably should have just put it in the trash . -RRB- It was nothing like the one I had as a child . Not worth the money !
 I bought this product for my 3 years old daughter and it was disgusting ! The hair was an awful mess and after about 45 minutes of playing with it the entire head detached from the neck portion of the doll . A defective doll !! I was extremely disappointed and so was my daughter . I had to search high and low to find the African American version and to think this is what I search so HARD to find . Never to mention the color changing makeup is a LIE . It never worked ! Dont waste your time or money .
 This is the most horrible styling head I 've ever been unfortunate enough to know about . The hair is OBSCENE ! I understand the heavy fishing line interspersed -LRB- so the hair holds the curl from the `` curling iron '' -RRB- but since it is so tangled a child ca n't get the iron in the hair . It is NOT fun to brush or do anything else except for maybe cutting it . That 's why I listed it as being durable because you can cut all it 's hair off out of frustration . We even tried to use shine gel and detanglers , so it was softer , but in no way resembled hair . I 'm guessing the manufacturer does n't have the same amount of fish line in each head , because all the fish line was on the doll we had . The nails did n't stay on -LRB- child or doll -RRB- . The instructions for the color change did not work -LRB- her nails are ALWAYS blue -RRB- I 'm just disgusted at the quality control for this toy .
 I have to say that out of all of the Barbie products I have purchased for my six year old , this is the worst . The packaging is very attractive . My 11 year old son had to help my daughter comb through the hair . The nail polish came off in warm water , and the color went on with cold water . The eye shadow and lip color never worked . My daughter was very disappointed . She asked me to exchange it but there are none left in the stores . The only fun she is having with it right now is with the fake nails she puts on her own hand . To spend the money on a product that does n't produce is very upsetting , and even more so when you know your child feels disappointed with Santa .
 I purchased this doll for my 5 year old this past Christmas . -LSB- ... -RSB- The doll 's hair was matted and very hard to detangle . This was the caucasion doll . It was a terrible experience and the eye makeup did not change colors.Ironically , I have a $ 12.00 doll head from the past , that still has silky hair . Go figure . By the way , there were 5 other mothers in line with the same complaint .
 This doll is horrible and so dissapointing for my 4 year old daughter . Forget about combing her hair you 'll loose half of it in the process . I sware it is horse hair ! The head popped off twice . And the nail painting is a huge dissapointment too . The makeup is a waste and I personally woulndt bother getting this , too much money and not worth it .
 My daughter was excited that she got the one thing she asked for at Christmas but the closer she got to it the less she wanted to do anything with it ... . The fishing wire hair was horrible it stands up all over her head and its completely uncontrollable even after washing it . Any one who brought this should definitely get a refund plus 10 % because it was a disappointment and at christmas !!!!
 I have been trying to find this doll everywhere , in stores and online , and it looks like my nieces will be disappointed again this year for Christmas . This doll just happens to be one of the top items on their Christmas lists this year , and I am wondering if the African American doll ever existed . Yes , this doll is hard to find anywhere . However , the Caucasian `` Primp and Polish Barbie '' IS available in the store at Toys `` R '' Us and also online at amazon.com . I truly do n't understand why it is always so hard to find African American dolls . It 's as if we 're not supposed to have the same dolls in our own race , so that our children can relate to them . All I am saying is that if you are going to offer a doll , you should carry it in the various ethnicities that the manufacturer makes them in .
 My daughter wanted this doll forever , so she could not the dolls nails . I finally found this doll and brought it . When we got it home and she played with it for about an hour , I spend about an hour just combing to get straight enough for her to play with it again . Good idea to make a doll head with hands but bad idea for the hair to be so tangled and corse . And for the makeup to be so awful , -LRB- I do n't have enought time to complain about the nails -RRB- ... Do n't purchase this doll , it 's the worse .
 I had always wanted one of these when I was little so when my daughter asked for one for Christmas , I jumped on it . Sure wish I would have saved my $ now . It just sits collecting dust . It 's not fun at all . First , yes , the hair is horrible . You can get it to curl easily , but brushing/combing is a nightmare and nearly impossible . The makeup and polish is a joke . It never EVER has shown up . Ice cold , just cold , luke warm , hot it does n't matter what temp the water is , no color whatsoever shows up . I finally had to give my daughter some old makeup to put on the doll . The nails are n't the right size and do n't stay on . What a sucky toy . Save your $ and just buy a regular doll to let your child play with . Oh , it 's not exactly cheap to be just a piece of junk .
 I bought this for my 4 year-old and wish I never had . After only 4 months of little play , I had to throw it away . The hair was completely tangled and all of the nails had been lost . Save your money and get your child something that wo n't bore them within a month !
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's 4th b-day . I spent hours trying to comb out it 's hair and it still looks awful . My daughter still ca n't even comb it . I bought this on sale for $ 24 . and glad I did n't pay full price . I 've seen other styling heads much cheaper and wished I had n't spent so much on this one . As far as the manicure aspect , I am disappointed as well . The makeup and polish color change is n't even noticable . I am so dissatisfied with this toy that I am going to call Mattel to complain . There is no reason why it should be priced so high for such an inferior product . Save your money and buy a lower priced styling head .
 The hair is way too hard to manage . It is tangled all the time . We tried everything to get it to be managable ... . nothing works ... . might help to trim about 5 inches off of her head ... . you would think that with as many people that are complaining about it , mattel would step up and ake care of this .
 I am an adult and I could not even get the comb through this doll 's hair . How long has Mattel been making dolls ? Do not buy this product !! It is a nightmare and the company should be ashamed of even selling it to the poor consumers who actually thought it might look like the picture on the box . If I could I would give this product a -1 star .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter , after she begged and begged me after seeing this in TRU . My daughter is a very `` girly girl '' , she loves anything to do with make-up , dress-up , ect . She was thrilled to have received this , but within about 3 minutes of playing with the toy she was in tears of frustration . The hair is just a tangled mess , even with combing it still does n't look right and though my girls -LRB- ages 5 and 8 -RRB- attempted to `` curl '' Barbie 's hair with the curling iron , it only held for a few seconds , and it is no easy task to get the tangly messy hair in the curling iron in the first place . On top of that , the curling iron broke -LRB- I easily put the top of it back on , but after doing it a dozen times we were all frustrated -RRB- . The hair is so thick it would n't fit in the barette like it is advertised on the box -LRB- which also drove my daughter to tears -RRB- . The girls did have fun applying the `` make up '' although I agree that you will need plenty of towels nearby because it does make a mess . If the hair was n't such a horrid mess , this could be a fun toy for girls , though I do n't think it would hold attention for very long . Overall , I was very disappointed for the price I paid for this , I expected higher quality . I would not recommend this toy .
 I purchased this Style Barbie Head as a gift for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas last year . I was very excited about it , as my little one loved to style , comb and none-the-less rip my hair out in attempts to make it beautiful !! So Barbie was my saving grace ! Christmas day she chose Barbie to play with first ! After about a half an hour , she had the comb tangled in Barbie 's hair , water all over and the stick on nails were in the doll 's hair and my daughter 's . She was frustrated because the doll 's hair was VERY Nappy and hard to manage . Needless to say , I was the one , not `` Barbie Bed Head '' , to get my hair styled on Christmas Day . We donated this doll to our local charity , my daughter willfully handed it over and said to the volunteer
 The only thing positive I can say about this toy is that the hair will stick in just about whatever direction you try to send it . Other than that , I think it 's a waste of money.When I was a little girl , I had a Barbie styling head . I had to work a bit to get the hair styled nicely and the makeup done , but the hair could be combed and the makeup put on.What passes for hair on this styling head is mostly something akin to fishing line . It 's wiry , comes out in bunches , and is almost impossible to comb through to get the `` unstyled '' look in the picture on this website . My 14 year old niece was helping my daughter with this , and my niece had to wash her hands after styling the hair because her hands were sticky from whatever gunk the manufacturer put into the hair to give it stylability.Santa brought this for my 8 year old , and though she was excited at first , I do n't think she 's played with it more than twice since Christmas day . -LRB- ... -RRB- , I 'd think it was a better deal . As it stands , I think this is probably the worst $ 30 spent on a toy in a long time . I 'm considering sending a letter to Mattel to tell them how disappointed I am with this item !
 My complaints echo the other ones already listed ; hair being a tangled mess and polish and make-up not working . My 5 year old daughter has only played with it a handful of times . She will get frustrated with the hair and give up . She was very disappointed when the nail polish did n't come off like it should have . And , even though she got it over a week ago , we still have n't gotten her hair completely detangled . Her favorite part is putting on the fake nails but I could have bought her a set of fake nails for a lot less money .
 Oh , is this awful ! My daughter really wanted it , so we asked her grandparents to buy it for her . I thought that it came with makeup to put on it , but instead you use cold and warm water to create a makeup effect . Of course , this is a pain -LRB- to get water for a child to use and spill -RRB- and it does n't work , anyway.The press on nails come with sticky things to help them attach , which she ca n't use on her own . The hair , as everyone else has mentioned , is awful . So , now we are stuck with this thing . I want to get rid of it in the middle of the night ...
 I bought this doll head for my 7 year old daughter and the hair is horrible . I would have done alot better with just buying her a real doll head at the beauty supply store . On top of that I was very disappointed that they did not have any African American so I settled for the caucasian one . The doll is very pretty but the hair is not worth the trouble . But I will go home and try some of the things that others listed .
 My little girl got this from santa and was so excited till we tryed it out . When you apply a certain tempature water the makeup and nail polish is supposed to show up . It did n't and she was very frustrated because it took quite a few applications till we got it to show up a little bit . It was a bummer because the toy was not cheap and we expected it to work , the hair however does actually keep the curl from the curling iron which I was impressed with .
 I bought this for my neice last Christmas , and the hair was awful . I actually had read the reviews after I bought the toy . So I asked my sister-in-law , based on the reviews I read , if she would like me to exchange it for something else . She said no , because my niece really wanted it . It is now a dust collector . No matter how fun your little girl might think this toy will be , save your money and buy something else ! Imagine trying to brush through thousands of strands of fishing line .
 DO NOT BUY!We purchased this for our daughter last Christmas . By the time dinner was over that evening the hair on this doll was an uncontrollable rats nest and even adults could n't fix it . NOW the important thing here is that this was NOT my little girls fault . The hair is made up of OODLES of super fine wires -LRB- all of the strands of hair -RRB- . They knot and then bend around each other and ca n't be combed out . I HATED this and it really made my little girl sad when after only a few min at best the hair could n't be played with . I am now looking for another Head like this one but with smooth hair .
 My daughter loves the idea of this , and always wants to play with it , but after 10 minutes she is done . How many times can you paint the nails with water ? The hair is a nightmare you ca n't even get the brush or the comb through it . It would be better with silkier hair that they can just brush and braid and put up . Do n't waste your money !
 When I was a little girl , granted this was almost 30 years ago , I loved getting out my Barbie head , with all of her make-up , YES , REAL MAKE-UP - NOT WATER , and would make her pretty for hours . I am assuming they wanted to alleviate the mess of make-up by using water , but how much fun is that ? REALLY ? How much fun IS that ? I am so disappointed in this toy , I wish I would have saved mine for my daughter , because , when I sold it about 12 years ago , it was still in perfect condition - hair included .
 I bought this toy for my four year old and it is awful . The hair is so coarse and tangled even I can not comb it out . The hair comes out in huge clumps and is AWFUL ! My little girl is so disapointed and does not have the patience to play with her at all . I am so sorry I spent my money on it !
 Our 5 year old received this toy as a gift . We were very excited about playing with it but it 's only been two months and the toy is hardly used . Largely due to the fact the hair tangles easily , the curling iron continues to come apart if they grab more than a few stands of hair and the press on nails fail to stick . She has more fun with the simplier styling heads as she can manage the hair herself .
 I purchased this doll for my 6 year olds birthday . By the end of the day her hair was so knotted it looked like a bird 's nest . I tried to comb it out but the hair started to fall out . I am very disappointed in this . I will be returning it soon !
 when i first saw this doll-head , i thought to myself , `` what agood idea . '' usually you only find doll-heads that you can playwith by doing their hair and make-up . i think that if this toyactually worked , it would have been a good idea , and a goodinvestment . when i looked at the reviews for this , all i cameto see were statements about how terrible this toy was , becauseit was defective . they were all true statements , by the way.if you are looking to please a little girl , and give her thistoy , please look at all of the reviews ... that 's why they arehere ... to help the customers . this doll-head obviously does n'twork as well as it says it does , so think twice beforepurchasing this . you should n't have to do a whole bunch ofresearch to buy a barbie , but i guess you have to , as mattelis n't making very reliable products anymore .
 How many times have we painstakingly combed through our daughter 's hair , getting through tangles , amongst `` owws '' and `` that hurts ? '' Well , get ready for the worst hair disaster known to man , or woman , or child for that matter . I could n't believe the state that Barbie 's hair was in coming out of the box . It looks as if its been out on the lawn , in a fight with a stray cat , and then left for rats to build a nest in , oh , and then I bought it ! The hair is a wiry , tangly , falling out mess ! Combing the hair is much too involved for a `` new '' toy . It should come out of the box detangled and ready to use . This is rediculous . The makeup feature does not work well at all on her face , however the nails work fine . In spite of this , my daughter loves this toy . I would recommend something else though , if you have not already purchased this toy .
 My 6 yr old * really , really , please mama , can Santa bring me this for Xmas , please !!!! '' wanted this . Her aunt gave it to her for Xmas and she was so excited . Until we actually went to play with it . The makeup on/off with water DOES NOT work . The polish DOES NOT work . The hair is SO KNOTTED that even I -LRB- mom -RRB- could n't get the special comb thru it . We followed the directions and this is just a disappointing toy . My daughter asked if the company -LRB- Mattel -RRB- tricked us and did n't care if it worked like it was supposed to . DO N'T buy this toy.From a disappointed mom , Lora B.
 My 4 year old daughter got this for Christmas . The cold and warm water barely did anything to change the color of Barbie 's eye shadow and lips . The nails were a little better but not much . By the time you painted the nail with warm water , the water would cooled off enough that they turned back the normal color . We ended up not using the water and my daughter uses her play make up on the doll head . The hair is the best part , and it was a disappointment . The hair was so matted when I opened the package , that I took over an hour getting the tangles out for her . She can get a comb through it now , but I have to come and detangle from time to time .
 I am so upset over this toy . I had a styling head barbie when I was little and it was wonderful . I could do anything to it and use any kind of comb or brush . My daughter is 4 and I thought this would be great for her since she is starting to get into hair , makeup and nails . First of all , it took FOREVER to get her out of the box . After cutting and pulling out all of the plastic threads to hold the hair in place , the hair was a disaster . I spent over an hour trying to get the tangles out so my daughter could comb her hair . NO SUCCESS !!!! The tangles were unbelievable and I had a pile of hair in my lap and all over the chair . The hair looked like someone had fried it - nothing like the picture on the box . My husband and I looked at the directions and laughed - it said to only use the comb that came with the head because other combs or brushes would cause TANGLES !!! Can you believe it ? You could n't get the tangles out with the comb they provided if your life depended on it . On the recommendation of another `` dissatisfied '' person with this product , I bought my daughter the Hairstyling and Make-Up Head Doll from Corolle and it was wonderful ! The hair is very soft and the curls are pretty . It feel 's like real hair and is very easy to comb . The color is natural - not streaked ! The face is also very pretty - looks like a little girl and not a grown woman with makeup already painted on the face . It came with real play makeup instead of water to make the color change on face . My daughter was so excited that she had real makeup to play with and could comb the hair . I wish I had known about the Corolle doll before I bought the Barbie head . Please do not waste your time on the Barbie head , go online and search for this Corolle doll . You will not be disappointed .
 My daughter got this doll last Christmas and as soon as it was opened it was impossible to brush the hair . It is all wiry and kind of sticky . A big disappointment and a shame because my daughters really want a styling head but this one just does n't work .
 My daughter got the barbie head for last Christmas and it was a rip-off ! The hair never went straight down , the hair was not workable , and she hated it .
 WHAT IN THE HECK WERE ON THEIR MINDS WITH THIS NAPPY HEAD DOLL . THE HAIR IS MOSTLY WIRE , SO THAT IT CAN CURL , BUT GOSH , IT IS A TRUE NIGHTMARE . I READ OTHER REVIEWS , AND GOT SOME HELPFUL TIPS THAT I WILL TRY TOMORROW . I CAN NOT BELIEVE THAT THIS IS THE DOLL I SEARCHED FOR , NON-STOP , FOR 45 DAYS . THE COLOR-CHANGING HANDS AND MAKE-UP DID NOT WORK , BUT THE PRESS ON NAILS DID . THIS DOLL REMINDS ME OF THE DOLLS THAT YOUR DAUGHTER PROBABLY HAS , LAYING AROUND ON THE FLOOR THAT NEED TO GO IN THE TRASH BECAUSE SHE HAS HAD THEM FOR ETERNITY . AS SOON AS YOU GET THIS PRIMP AND POLISH DOLL OUT OF THE BOX , MAKE SURE YOU DO NOT GET HER MIXED UP WITH THE OTHERS , BECAUSE SHE MIGHT END UP IN THE TRASH , WITH HER NAPPY HEADED SELF .
 Who would want to but this product ? 1
 I purchased this doll for my 6 year olds birthday . By the end of the day her hair was so knotted it looked like a bird 's nest . I tried to comb it out but the hair started to fall out . I am very disappointed in this . I will be returning it soon !
 What a disappointment ! It only adds to my general disillusionment with Barbie toys . Most of them have been overpriced and poor quality . The nails did not change color with cold water , the hair was an impossible mess and the `` makeup '' was nothing with which to play . It is to the garbage with this one .
 I purchased this toy for my daughter and was very disappointed to find out that the temperature sensitive makeup feature -LRB- eyeliner , lipstick , etc. -RRB- just plain does n't work . Beyond this , the hair is a rat 's nest that I doubt will ever be untangled , and it comes with lots of small , easily lost pieces . Unless you want to spend a lot of time cleaning up water , plastic , paper and fishing line , I do n't recommend you buy this item . Oh yeah , and it does n't work as advertised . Yuck .
 I agree with Terry . The Barbie head we had as a children was much better . There is no fun in putting water on the doll to change the color of the makeup , which does n't change much at all . And the hair is a mess from the get go and does n't get any better with time . I have twin girls and they would get frustrated with how hard it was to comb the hair . Do n't waste your money on this toy.Karen
 My 4 year old was really excited to put makeup on Barbie , however there is no obvious color change no matter what temperature water you use . She still likes to pretend style the hair -LRB- which knots up after one or two uses -RRB- , and keeps trying to change the makeup even though it 's does n't work . Fun if you do n't expect too much .
 My daughter got this for Christmas and I called Mattel not long after !!! The hair was disgusting !! It looks nothing like what is on the box , nothing like when I was little , nothing like the barbie hair on the barbies . Everyone needs to call when you have problems with a product . They told me I was the first complaint on the hair . It needs to be written down so they can look into it . Take it back or call Mattel !!!
 I would give this toy zero stars if I could -- the hair is a complete disaster and impossible to get a comb through . The fingernails do not properly fit and fall off and ca n't be used again . What a horrible toy !
 this is the worst toy i have ever seen the hair is really bad because when i took it out of the box the hair was all notty . what a waist of money and it was also a huge rip off !!!!!!
 Sorry but , THIS TOY IS A RIP OFF !!! The make-up doesnt show , her hair tangles and is stiff , the stick-on nails dont stay on.I know that this toy looks like alot of fun ... BUT IT ISNT.Elizabeth
 This toy has barely been played with and her arm has fallen off ! It ca n't even be fixed !
 I bought this item for my 4yr old . It sounded great-Hair will really curl , but the catch is the hair is made of thin wire and it tangles for easy -- most of your time will be spent untangling . I do not recommend this toy for small children since a parent or older sibling will need to constantly untangle the hair .
 My 4yo loved the look of this head in the box . Once we removed her we had to use detangler to brush the hair-it took 45 min and still was nappy . The stickers were taped down to the box and therefore not useable . The nails do n't stick on and the hot/cold water make-up does n't work . The applicators for make-up came apart on first use . I would not suggest this for any age girl . My daughter pretend plays with the hair accessories and curling iron . What a waste of money . I am contacting Mattel directly as well and encourage anyone else who bought this horrible toy .
 First of all , I was totally disappointed that I could not find the Black doll anywhere . I brought the White one but took it back because I insisted on getting the Black one for my child . Anyway my older daughter looked everywhere for her in Black to no avail . She brought her the White one . The doll is beautiful in Black and White . Mattel you will not get any of my money if you do n't make enough of your products in my race . It is different if you are collecting all races of a doll . For ex , my daughter has all of the Bratz dolls . But for something like this I wanted the Black one.As stated earlier the doll is beautiful but the hair is a mess . My daughter just looks at her in disappointment . I want a refund and I did n't even pay for her . Mattel should remake her and fix her hair and make her makeup more visible .
 I CANT EVEN RATE THIS YET , BECAUSE I CANT FIND IT , WHY IS THIS SEARCH SO HARD , IF A CAUCASIAN MOM GOES TO THE STORE TO GET A DOLL AND THEY ARE ALL AFRICAN AMERICAN , WILL SHE SAY OH WELL , AND BUY IT ANYWAY ? -LRB- I THINK NOT -RRB- SO WHY SHOULD I ? -LRB- I WONT -RRB- . MATTEL I BELIEVE YOU HAVE A GOOD DOLL OUT -LRB- BARBIE PRIMP AND POLISH -RRB- BUT YOU NEED TO REMEMBER THERE ARE JUST AS MANY AFRICAN AMERICAN PEOPLE AS THERE ARE CAUCASIAN , SO WHY NOT MAKE THE SAME AMOUNT OF DOLLS , AND ITS NOT ALL MATTEL EITHER ITS THE STORES ALSO , I GUESS SUBURBS THINK ONLY CAUCASIANS RESIDE IN THEIR AREAS SO THEY ONLY CARRY CAUCASIANS DOLLS , -LRB- WRONG -RRB- SO MATTEL MAY WANT TO THINK ABOUT THIS NEXT TIME THEY DECIDE TO MAKE A POPULAR DOLL .
 This doll is a waste of money . The hair is impossible to comb or style . My daughter played with it for all of 10 minutes and it 's been stashed away in the basement ever since .
 I 'm not impressed . The light only floated upright for a few days , now it 's lopsided and does n't seal out the water very well.It 's not very bright at all . It does n't cast light and is not nearly as bright as shown in the product photos.I 'd return it if I could .
 I bought this thing a month ago . Now the ear buds are broke so I ca n't use the phone.Above all that the alarm clock does n't work because the stupid organizer 's sound died out and the batteries were n't dead.I paid like $ 20 for this thing.This product is a total ripoff .
 YOU MAY SAY OH JUST B/C I 'M 13 THAT MY REVIEW IS N'T WORTH READING B/C I AM ONLY 13 . BUT DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! MY COUSIN AND I BOUGHT 2 FOR EACH OF US AND ON THE FRONT OF THE ELECTRONIC IT DOES N'T SHOW THE PHONE JACK CORD , AND IT SHOWS PEOPLE ON THE PHONE . SO YOU WOULD ASSUME OH IT HAS TO CHARGE WELL NO IT IS NOT A CORDLESS PHONE , THEY BASICALLY FALSE ADVERTISED ON THE COVER . YOUR PROBALLY THINKING OH WELL IT SAYS HANDS FREE AND I KNOW THAT BUT LIKE I SAID IT DOES N'T SHOW A PHONE JACK CORD ON THE COVER SO YOU MAY ASSUME THAT OH WELL THIS IS COOL B/C IT LOOKS LIKE IT IS A CORDLESS , BUT IT IS N'T . SO IT IS BASICALLY TELLING EVERYONE IT IS A CORDLESS PHONE .
 What do you rate a puzzle that has NINE missing pieces . My son got one as a present , and the three puzzles are designed to go together , so we ordered the other two from Toy Master . When we told the Toy Master people about the missing pieces , they kept telling us to contact the manufacturer , which we did , but got no response until a week after we had mailed them back to Toy Master . We got a full refund , but we are still out the $ 11.57 it cost us to ship them back . Not the excellent experience I usually have with Amazon .
 First off I 'd like to say . I played in STAR WARS REVENGE OF SID I mean SITH I played a Wookie . Not the big one the other big one . The toy was not LIFE SIZED it would have to be at least 3-7 times bigger then the one I recieved from looks . In the movie , my staff was more flexible and was more like a trident then the one on the figurines poster card . The Flagmestationism within the tongueular vascular expressionism tells us his contusisms is burning like blue fire for desire . HE NEEDS A CHEST PLATE , MASK and GLOSSY BOOTS.Thats all I have to say to you
 I was real excited to get this action figure because I wanted to display him with my other christmas decorations . But as soon as I took him out of the package and attempted to move his leg , it broke right off . I am not very happy about it . This toy is not very will made . VERY fragile . Just be careful when handling it !
 this toy is a joke . it is so breakable that you can not even touch it . a feather would destory it im sure . it is extremely poor quality . not worth time or money . do not buy this toy
 Not a very durable toy . Do n't expect to be able to move and pose him very much . He 's very fragile . Right after I took him out of the package and tried to pose him , his arm fell off . Now I have to worry about his other joints and trying to super glue the arm that fell off . Just be careful with this toy . And do n't pay too much for it !
 I just bought this for my 7 year old son . We both think it is pretty boring . I think the game would be better , if the cards made some sort of `` sense '' but , they are very random pictures ... a shoe floating above someone 's head , etc. I gave it 3 stars for educational value , because there is some reading involved ... yet , I doubt we will play it much . It just is n't fun .
 I bought 2 of these as Christmas gifts and was very disappointed . When you play the game you feel like you should be quiet for the 30 seconds the other players use to study the card . It 's like taking a test in front of your friends and family . It 's excrutiatingly BORING .
 I bought this for an RV trip we just went on along with other games . We played this one night and it goes soooooooooo slow . You must wait for each person to finish , my daughter and son -LRB- 14 and 10 -RRB- were much better at it , husband and I -LRB- in our 30 's -RRB- were stumped . It was very boring for the adults and kids . My husband was so bored and got cranky because of it , he went to bed . Thankfully we had other games that we enjoyed !! Phew .
 The batteries were not the same as what they said they were , and the polarity of the batteries was reversed . Because of this I ended up damaging them while charging , which is something anyone else would end up doing with this crap . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 We bought this game for Christmas and played it once with a group of about 7 well-educated adults and were truly at our wits ' end.The questions are ridiculously hard . Let me give you some examples : Aesculus is to Euripides as Ionesco is to ________ . Black is to Turkey as red is to ______________ . One question had a list of painters and asked which was not a Dutch Master . After much debate , we chose one , only to find that they were all Dutch painters , but the one that was the correct answer was a Dutch Rennaissance painter.So we gave the game away as a gift to someone we figured was smarter than we are .
 I put this game on my wishlist because I love board games -LRB- especially trivia games and brain teasers -RRB- , and the reviews for this game were outstanding for the most part.But this game is boring . It takes for-freaking-ever to finish . You have to wait around while the other player reads his/her own questions . And it 's cheap-looking . I suggest you buy another game . There are a million trivia games that are more fun than this one .
 I had high hopes for this game , but played it with a friend last night and was appalled at the number of confusing questions and just plain incorrect answers . For example , one question asks , `` Which of these animals is not found exclusively in South America
 Wit 's End is not worth your time unless you 're a trivia nut !!! I have a weekly Game Night with friends and I recently purchased this game to spice up our usual game night routine . This game , however , was a huge let down , even though I had researched it thoroughly before purchasing.The trivia questions are definitely challenging and span back in time to even the 1800 's . Even when you answer a trivia question correctly though , you do n't necessarily advance forward , just another opportunity to roll . In fact , most of the time you might move forward one space just to fall back two spaces . It 's very difficult to advance in this game which my group of friends found frustrating . Some of the trivia questions are reasonable but most were too challenging . This game is OK , but I imagine it would only be fun for people who are trivia wizards . Do n't waste your time ...
 My friends love party games like
 I was most disappointed by the ridiculousness of some of the questions and the poor explanations . This is definitely not a trivia game , seems more emphasis is placed on word association , patterns , and other brain teaser-type problems . Really too difficult for children under 14 . Not great for older adults either . Try something else , especially if your looking for trivia .
 I bought this game for my family after reading reviews ... on this . Every review was 5 stars , so I figured ... hey this has to be a good game . Well do n't waist your money ! Although the questions are of a different nature , they are too ... hard to answer . One game took us all night to complete , and the only reason for that is someone got to move up a level to bring them to the top . Bottom line is unless your family are all brains then do n't buy it !
 The questions in this game are extremely difficult . I was playing with 5 other well-educated , well-traveled , well-rounded individuals and it took us hours to complete the game . It came to the point where my team agreed to simply always guess B as the right answer .
 I bought this game for my sister because of the good reviews , but I regret it now . Some of the questions are hard , but a lot of them are pretty easy so you win really fast . We played two games and after getting a few really hard questions wrong , I answered about four easier ones right and won the game before anyone else moved . The same thing happened the next game , only someone else won in about 5 minutes . Its a bad knockoff of Trivial Persuit and that 's about it . I would n't recommend it to a friend .
 I played this game with 3 other people and had an awful time . This game is for those who know way too much obscure science , history and sports trivia . We played it for HOURS and no one was even close to winning . We gave up out of frustration . Now it is a handy dust collector .
 After spending about an hour playing this game , I was disappointed with it . The game was dry , boring , and simplistic - it was like sitting through a SAT review class , except the creators tried to make this fun . My advice would be not to buy this game , though if you want to learn about analogies , this may be the game for you . I 'd recommend that you go and buy an SAT review book , draw a few squares on a board , and then subsequently play your own game . The Analogies do n't make sense , the questions are all European history , and the other questions are plain ... The questions are n't even hard ; they are worded badly and try to stimulate the mind - it fails in all respects . I recommend this game to anyone who has nothing better to do on a Saturday afternoon , and can not find another game to play .
 We enjoy educational games but these questions are just too difficult making the game frustrating to play
 i learned a lesson after buying this game ... REVIEWS ARE SO MISLEADING ... a friend really wanted this game after he read the reviews for it ... and man were we -LSB- upset -RSB- . . this game is just loaded with SAT questions and pathetic trivia ... it only took about 20 minutes to finish ! do yourself a favor and spend your money on a more exciting game ... like cranium for instance !! btw . . out of the 6 people that played . . only 1 liked it ... need i say more ...
 Our family enjoys games , particularly puzzles and thinking games , so we were excited to try this one which has an intriguing premise . Unfortunately , it was too long , boring , frustrating and not fun . We had a set of 5 including teens who are all gifted , a PHD , and a MD ; we consider ourselves good at games . Maybe we are not as smart as we think because we each answered only 2-10 questions correctly in the entire 2 hours of play . And , I do n't mind being wrong if I am learning something or entertained by the witty questions , or pleasantly stunned by another player 's knowledge of some minutiae , but I could not care less about many of the questions
 If you 're looking for a relaxing evening of game play , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME.If , on the other hand , you 're preparing for college entrance exams , this game might be for you.In fact , this game should have been called `` Hooked on the SAT . ''
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old son . I took it to the local party supply to have it filled , and it after attaching the gondola , it would not float at all . I contacted Draganfly , and they said that it must be bad helium , or it is leaking . I checked for leaks with my propane gas leak spray , and could find none . Then they claimed it must be defective , and were kind enough to send out a replacement . I got the replacement unit filled at the florist this time , took it home , and the exact same thing ; it will not float . Contacted them for a return , and they first said they would not take it back , since it was after 30 days . After I pointed out that the initial complaint was within the 30 days , they said they would , and would waive the 20 % restocking fee IF they determined the unit was defective . IF ???? THen on top of that , they sent me an RMA , and now I have to pay shipping back to Canada , which is $ 30 - $ 40 . Asinine . I 'm going to buy a 36 '' silver mylar ballon from a party store for $ 6 and try it with that instead . I will never buy again !
 I bought this Barney for my one year old son . While he recognized the `` I Love You '' song immediately , and his little face lit up , Mommy is disappointed with Barney.Barney has a `` pouch '' concealed in his behind , held together with cheap velcro , where the music box/battery pack lives . Problem is , the velcro consistently keeps coming undone , leading my little one to reach inside for the battery pack . Though the plastic pack has the protective little screw so he ca n't get the batteries out of the box , the box has holes in it . Little ones chew -- and drool -- on anything they can get to their mouths , and voila ! My little guy managed to douse the batteries with drool before I got the box away from him.Also , the pouch inside Barney which holds the aforementioned music box/battery pack is a poor fit . Sometimes you press Barney 's heart to hear the song . Sometimes it 's his ribs . Sometimes it 's his stomach . Yet other times it 's his back . The toy seems to frustrate my 2 year old niece because she ca n't figure out how to get Barney to sing.All said , I would n't buy this toy again . Maybe there 's a better Barney out there ?
 The barney I ordered for my grandson never sang . I tried replacing the factory batteries , twice , however , it still did not work . I should have notified the company I brought it from immediately to give them a chance to replace it , but I was in such a rush considering Xmas was 2 days away . Once they did find out my barney did not work , they immediately refunded my purchase amount plus shipping . I would recommend them for future purchases ; it was not their fault . We found out that most of the barney 's from China had defective voice boxes .
 toy was in very poor quality voice box did not workhad battery leakage inside toy when toy arrived
 This is a lil kinz that was given as a gift to a 3 year old . Within two weeks the midline seam on the underside opened and beans spilled out . This appears to be a defect in manufacturing as the three year old minimally played with it . She happened to take it to bed and when she awoke her bed was covered in beads . Would not buy this particular product again . Have two others that have been fine .
 My daughter has been so excited , hoping that Santa would bring her a few webkinz , because she has heard so much about playing with them on the webkinz website . Santa was kind enough to leave three Christmas morning.However , GANZ/WEBKINZ was not nice enough to provide a working website , Christmas morning , or the 26th , 27th , 28th , 29th , 30th , 31st and counting . I have tried to get some response from the company regarding this problem , but there is no link to an actual customer service email address on the webkinz site , unless you are REGISTERED ! The address on the GANZ site gets NO response whatsoever . YOu may notice that the one part of my review I rated above 1 star was durablilty . It 's quite simple - if it do n't work , children do n't play with it . Looks like , at this rate , my daughter '' s webkinz will last forever ! Now , that 's what I call durability ! The Better Business Bureau list this company as unsatisfactory , now you know why !
 I bought this lil webkinz for my daughter expecting it to be in `` new '' condition with a code for the Webkinz websit . The stuffed animal had an OPEN SEAM on it 's belly and NO CODE TO CONNECT IT on the website !!! I will never buy from this supplier again . They ripped me off . They should not be allowed to sell on Amazon.com ! I want my money back !!!
 It has lot of problem , most of time it 's cartridge will not be recognozed by Leap Pad .
 This one needs work . We tried , annd tried to make this microphone work , and it did -- for about a minute at a time . When it falls out you have to keep starting over again . We returned it . Too bad , it 's a fantastic idea if it could only stay connected . Our leadpad works fine with the other books , it 's just that the microphone on top of the cartridge makes this invention top heavy so that it wo n't stay in .
 If you are looking to add a microphone to your product then just purchase the microphone , NOT the microhpone with these two books . If you purchase this item then you are LIMITED to these two books !! If you purchase the microphone you can use ALL microphone enhanced books !!! My kids LOVE the microphone . It is great to hear their own voice and sounds . I give the microphone itself 5 stars .
 I bought this item thinking that it is a microphone that supports different cartridges . It turns out that this item has an inbuilt cartridge that you can not change-you are stuck with the two books that come along with it . THIS IS NOT MENTIONED ANYWHERE IN THE ADVERTISEMENTS .
 I did not purchase this product on Amazon.com , but I was so disappointed by the product quality that I wanted to warn others . I gifted this set to my son and within 8 hours , the steering wheel came off . My son is not rough on toys , so this is clearly a quality issue . Sadly , this is NOT the first time that an Ertl tractor has fallen apart in his hands . Ertl should address quality issues before selling any more products . I know I wo n't be buying any more Ertl tractors .
 The gamorrean guard is a very good scupt , nicely detailed and painted . The costume is great . My only problem with it is there are few points of articulation so he 's not very poseable.the arms and legs are not bendable nor are the ankles.If you can get it for a good price and are a collecting maniac like me , I say go for it .
 I purchased this doll to use as part of a Halloween costume but the trick was on me ! The doll came in a filthy plastic bag , inside that bag the doll was in a crushed box . The battery and voice box is located on the top part of the back of the head , not concealed at all . You close it using velcro and it does not lay flat at all . When I touched the battery pack to remove the protective shield for the batteries , the label on it fell off because glue was dried out . I removed the protective shield and squeezed the hand , like it says to do to hear him speak and it did not work ... I thought the battery was dead so I replaced it with another battery -LRB- a watch type battery -RRB- , but found out later from the woman I made this costume for , that you had to squeeze the foot to hear him speak.I would NOT buy from this company again . It was a cheap Chinese toy .
 It came , I opened it . . NOTHING . It toy itself looked good , bigger than I thought and although the package it is attached to was damaged . The outer package was fine . The toy says ` Try Me ' like in the stores . When that did n't work I went to follow the instructions to pull the tab of the battery pack , but NO TAB . So I 'm returning it .
 As most of you will realize ... this is not a toy for any child . The language is not appropiate . I found this `` toy '' o be very disappointing as it is very hard to understand what he is saying . for the price ... the quality is ar below my expactations .
 This stopped working a day after we got it ; screen went out and kept locking up
 I purchased this card game about 2 years ago for my 6 year old grandson ... . In fairness , I never got around to contacting the seller , so problem may have been resolved if I had . However ... cards were durable , pretty , and nice as a collectible , but instructions did n't make sense to me . We tried and tried but could n't figure out how to play the card games . Maybe it was just me .
 I bought this set of cards for my oldest child -LRB- almost 7 -RRB- , thinking it would give him an opportunity to learn more about Transformers , counting , game rules , numbers , etc. . But the rules of the game were so complex , even my husband gave up and just played the simplest version with him . They played once and he has n't even asked to play it again . Maybe when he 's older and can understand what the game is asking .
 The letters are interruped with peices of plastic barriers , so they are non-continuous . The child has to lift their pencil to get over the plastic barriers while writing a single letter . Instead of writing a continuous circle for `` O '' , the child traces the top half of the circle , lifts their pencil over the barrier , and traces the lower half . That 's not a natural way to write , and is frustrating for the child because when they lift the guide off the paper they still have to connect the parts of the letter for the whole letter to form .
 Ninety-three pennies and one dime yielded a spin in 6 cases . No deviations in insertion technique observable . I guess after the fourth spin , it did become a game to see whether you could get at least one more ... SPIN BANK by Fascinations -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB- but I will return it since I have a couple of other things to send back too . Otherwise , the postage would n't be worth it since the `` spinbank '' is only a few bucks .
 Was not the size advertized , very small , about the size of a Campbells soup can , ca n't hold much change at all !
 Fun Slides , it sounds like a neat idea but trust me it is the worst product out there . It is a disaster waiting to happen . My daughter got a pair for Christmas and has been fun sliding around the house until the other day when the strap on one of her slides broke and she lost balance into our living room window . Yup , we are the proud new owners of a broken window , 9 stitches on a kid and two hefty bills from the hospital and the contractor who had to come out and fix our window . WHAT FUN ! -LRB- eye roll -RRB- Save yourself some trouble and take that child roller or ice skating instead .
 My daughter opened this gift on Christmas morning . She put them on and immediately tried to ` slide ' . They did slide on the carpet , but we all soon learned that she could do about the same with a pair of socks and our hardwood floors . It was a -LSB- ... -RSB- purchase !
 Fun for the kids for about 20 minutes , or until the first inevitable accident . Annoying for you from minute one.Seriously , why would want to give your children the power to slide around in your home in an uncontrollable manner ? Do n't you have things that will break when slammed into ? Do n't you have stairs to trip down?This is the kind of toy you buy with fun intentions at first , and after a few minutes of play you just end of banishing to the toy prison . The same place you keep all of your children 's toys that wind up to dangerous , or utterly irritating . This toy strikes a nice balance between those two characteristics .
 If there was a scale size on these I did n't find it . I was looking for animals I could use on a farm scene . These are so tiny they should be considered microscopic . Minature does n't even describe the size . Very disappointed
 This comes in a small cardboard box . You have playing cards and a dice . -LRB- singular for dice is ? -RRB- There are two levels , easy and hard.My son is six and an excellent reader so we were able to play this together . This is n't really for learning about birds . If you 're a homeschool Mom per se , and you want a fun thing to add to a unit study or science class , this could work . Some of the birds are n't local to our area so that was interesting . My 6 year old answered some questions correctly which was actually very encouraging to him.The dice is to pick which of the 3 questions you 'll ask the person , if they get it right , they keep the card , wrong , and you put the card at the bottom of the pile.It would take several game plays to get through all the questions.The cards are a heavy cardboard which is nice.If given the choice I would buy this again .
 I bought this item together with the Mustand P51D kit for my son . Both items were supposed to be molded in color but when they arrived were in the standard grey that comes with other model kits that you have to paint . I contacted the manufacturer Revell USA to get some feedback on recourse available but they have not acknowledged my complaint -LRB- I supplied photos of items , upc code and original sales receipt -RRB- . I then contacted Revell Germany who responded immediately but told me that they did not manufacture the product and I would have to deal with Revell USA . I guess I will have to bite the bullet and buy a separate paint kit .
 My son absolutely loved this mailbox , but not two hours after he started playing with it the locking front door broke off . The door is held on by a very small dowel , but it was n't the easily replaceable dowel that broke . It was the mailbox itself that broke -- the wood where the dowel sits is very thin . He 's three , and is relatively gentle with his toys . There were a few other problems with the toy too.For instance , there are three slots on the top for the different size envelopes that come with the mailbox . Unfortunately , if you use all the slots the mail will pile up in a zig-zag fashion . This means you can only get a two or three pieces of mail into the mailbox at one time unless you 're really lucky , as the case may be.In addition , the rear door of the mailbox is n't secured . Any envelopes put in the slot over this door tend to knock the door open when they 're dropped in.We 've had a lot of Melissa & Doug toys and he 's loved most of them . The idea here was fantastic , but it just needs to be re-designed . Until they do I ca n't recommend it for anyone .
 This mailbox is not as nicely constructed as most of the Melissa and DOug Toys are . The first day we had this toy , the door broke off . This was with pretty gentle play . The door is just held on with a wooden dowel and it broke very easily . We were really disapointed in the qulaity of this toy . The idea is interesting but , the execution poor .
 I was delighted at the sturdy construction of this product when it arrived . However , within just 20 minutes of gentle play use in my nursery school class , BOTH doors broke off because they are attached with weak lightweight dowels . To ship it back would be cost-prohibitive for me so I will repair it myself using a sturdier hinge ... very frustrating . Besides that , it is adorable , and hopefully with the repair will last years in my classroom .
 I m a great fan of Melissa and Doug products . However , I am very disappointed on the construction of the Mailbox . Both the front door and the rear door are held together by weak wooden dowel as hinghes . On the first hour of play , one of the wooden dowel snapped and the front door felt off . Thumb down on the Mailbox set !!
 My children were very excited about this toy because my son has a mailman costume and he and my daughter love to play dress-up but just like all the other reviews , within an hour of opening the toy , the door was broken . It was difficult to even keep it closed because the wooden letters seemed to heavy and were pushing against it . Since the toy is only a week old , the door is currently being kept closed with tape until we can find a better way to fix it . Despite all that , the kids love it and they 've been playing with it non-stop . However , I wish I had read these reviews beforehand because I would not have made the purchase .
 The mailbox is neat but not very sturdy . Just like the other reviews , both doors broke off without excessivly rough play within DAYS . More disappointing to me is that we called the 1-800 number for Melissa and Doug about this and got NO reply . If you are n't going to field and address questions or concerns , do n't print the number Melissa and Doug !
 I had read other reviews on this product before purchasing . I contacted Melissa & Doug via e-mail to ask if the complaints I read about the door hing -LRB- a dowl rod -RRB- breaking was fixed . They told me it had long ago been fixed . I ordered the toy and the door broke within the first 1/2 hour of play . My husband had to fix it himself by adding a piece of hardware with a drill . I 'm sure the company would have replaced it but it would just brake again since the problem still has not been fixed . Very disappointing .
 Our previous experience with Melissa & Doug products has been pretty good , but the quality control team was asleep on this particular item . The locking mechanism for the door does not operate smoothly and requires a key to turn ; it would have been better to have a knob for smaller fingers and as a backup once the key inevitably gets lost . It seems as if the thickness of paint was not accounted for in the design , because all of the pieces fit tightly until your kid wears the paint off the corners . The thickest envelopes that can only go in the top slot hit the back of the box before dropping down , so your kid really has to shove them through ; ours splintered the inside face of the fiberboard around the slot within a day . After one week of use , some of the seams between panels on the mailbox are already cracked and chipping . Our kid really wanted a mailbox , but we now wish that we had chosen a different brand .
 As other reviewers stated , this thing is not put together well at all . We ordered this for my 3yr old for Christmas , because he is fascinated by mail . He loved it , but the back door broke loose the first night . We used Elmer 's wood glue to glue it back on and did n't let him play with it for a day . It has held since then , but we have decided that we will reinforce with screws if it happens again . Also , the paint was chipped on top as soon as we took it out of the plastic . I was just disappointed in it . I could n't send it back because my son does enjoy playing with it . I would recommend this because there is nothing else on the market like it , but not if you do n't want to have to repair it or add screws to make it more sturdy . Like I said in my title
 I have never been so moved to write an Amazon review before , but feel it necessary this time . This was the WORST gift we have ever purchased.We ordered this for our 3 year old nephew for Christmas . When we removed it from the shipping box , the mailbox was wrapped in cellophane and the product looked in good shape.We wrapped the gift and gave it to our nephew . He was immediately excited to play with it . We removed the outer cellophane wrapping and immediately -LRB- before we could even hand it to him -RRB- , the entire thing collapsed into a dozen or more pieces . We had to quickly collect all of the pieces and take it away from a very upset little boy who did n't understand what was going on.Not only was this unbelievably embarrasing in front of friends and family and upsetting to our nephew , but there were several small and sharp pieces that could have been extremely dangerous had he gotten a hold of them.This product is poorly constructed with wooden dowels and glue -LRB- though obviously not enough -RRB- . All that holds it together is the wrapping . I have not had any other experience with a Melissa and Doug product but I can assure you this will be the last time we even consider one .
 This , this , thing ! takes all the fun out of beyblading ! I find building beyblades to be one of the best parts of all ! you cant even customize it ! Ive even seen a bey blade simular to this that actually makes music ! BAD music ! :--LRB- :--LRB- : - -LRB-
 cute stuff but so not worth the price - i returned them -LRB- ordered 2 -RRB- the minute they were delivered and i saw what i 'd payed for
 It is just more plastic toys to be stepped on . I thought it would be a bit sturdier , too . The kids like it , but not their first choice in role plating toys .
 These are small toys that should n't cost anywhere close to this . These are typically under five dollars at retail . This seller -LRB- ToyWiz -RRB- is taking advantage of unwary consuemrs.Caveat Emptor -LRB- Let the buyer beware -RRB- has never been more true . Thankfully Amazon provides this review mechanism and you scrolled down this far .
 I love Amazon but DO NOT buy ANY `` Littlest Pet Shop '' toys here . $ 22 is a crazy price for this . Like the last post stated ... you can buy any of the pets at Toys R ' Us , Walmart , and Target for under $ 5 .
 Go to the Hasbro Web site !! They have them for $ 3.33 and free shipping on $ 50.00 or more !!! The horse is in stock last I looked !
 My son loves any type of game that deals with farming , so he was pretty excited when he got this game . After playing it with him for about 10 minutes , we were both very dissapointed by it . There was so much potential for a fun and educational game , but this totally misses the boat . No other livestock besides cattle ? The only mention of crops is on an expense card -LRB- you buy seed for planting , or you pay someone to custom combine for you , but you do n't get to sell the crops ? -RRB- My son said that he and I could come up with a better game than this . I grew up and live on a farm , and this is really unrealistic . If you want a good board game about the farm , stick with the other farming game that is available . It was n't a total loss though , we had a lot of laughs making fun of how bad the game was while we were playing it .
 Bought for my 7 year old daughter , played a few times just to give it a chance , the game just does n't make any sense ... and the directions do n't help clarify . Waste of time and money .
 This thing is junk . The plastic peices do n't stay together . I would n't waste your money . I could n't even give it away in our garage sale .
 You would need to be an engineer to figure this toy . It comes with no guides or instructions . A child five and up could never have the patience to fool with this . The pieces do not fit properly and it falls apart too easily . A huge waste of money . DO NOT BUY !
 My sons and I love marble runs and this was to be the `` feature '' present last Christmas . To my horror , it turned out to be worthless due to the very unstable supports . The slightest nudge sends towers crashing down . Too bad because it includes some clever ideas , but I ca n't recommend it .
 We bought this marble tower for our kids , 3 & 5 , for Christmas . My husband tried to put it together and gave up . The pieces do n't fit well and the tower is so unsteady . I bought a similiar one for my nieces and nephews last year and had no problems . I helped assemble and play with many times and it was no big deal . This one is a head ache . My husband thought about super gluing the pieces to get them to stay together , but then it makes it hard for storage . Would not recommend and am going to return .
 This no toy no good . It break when they got it . Now i am sad sadSAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yes , we are all sad because this thingymabobber ruined ourCrhistmas -LRB- not really , but the people not happy -RRB- so look howmany sad faces had been made ? This item , possess the darkside!Dang , how do those people make crap and get paid?BAD ! BAD ! BAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bye Bye !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter has been asking for a large dollhouse since she was 4 but we waited until we knew she would be able to take care of it and use it properly . We finally decided on this dollhouse and when we got it we found the thing is made of cardboard and particle board with very few actual braces made of real wood . There is n't enough hardware to keep the thing together and it broke almost immediately despite very gentle use by my mature seven-soon to be eight - year old . She was devastated . I found a much better dollhouse by Imaginarium that is almost the same price as this . To me the extra 10.00 is worth it knowing that my daughter will have a dollhouse she can actually USE . Please do n't buy this dollhouse , you will be dissapointed . Instead check out the Glitter Dreams Dollhouse or the Uptown Dollhouse both by Imaginarium .
 This dollhouse is junk ! We got it for our 2 year old for Christmas . When we put it together on Christmas Eve some of the wood pieces fell apart -LRB- they were only glued together -RRB- and we could only do 2 floors . Since then I 've had to continuously glue the thing back together just so it would stay up . I finally had enough of it and told my daughter that Santa had to take it back and would bring her a new one . It 's going in the trash tomorrow .
 Yes , I bought this enormous dollhouse - I saw the low price , and thought `` how cool ''
 Very disappointed with the quality . Took 2 hours to put together then disintegrated as I was carrying it from the shop to the christmas tree . I was not happy having to put it back together early Christmas morning . Be prepared to use extra tape , glue , nails and screws to hold the contraption together . The stairway is a joke and I threw it away as it is only held in with two 3/4 '' pegs . We 'll see if it survives Christmas Day .
 This doll house is so flimsy and badly constructed you can not even pick it up to move it without pieces of it falling off . Save yourmoney or spend alittel more for a better constructed one .
 Stay away . Bought this as a christmas present and could n't even put the thing together . The wood was so warped that it would n't even hold the floors . And the `` floors '' do not seem sturdy at all . Just card board that seems like it would break easily . Got it because it was on sale at a great price , but I 'd rather pay more for a decent quality product
 Hey , it 's cute , but ... if you 're thinking about buying it as an investment , DO N'T . It 's worth so little that you 'll get burned .
 We ordered this for our 3 year old `` Diego nut '' for Easter . I was up late assembling the Easter Bunny goodies and took everything out of the packaging . It did not occur to me to check to ensure he was in full working order . Imagine my disappointment when my son discovered his surprise only to find a Diego doll that did n't talk or do anything . I also ordered the talking baby Jaguar and it worked great . I had already thrown away all the packaging so returning it was challenging . My advice - make sure it works before getting it out of the packaging !!
 I thought I was buying the soft life size one . It is smaller than expected and my son doesnt really play with it .
 While , the clothes inside the trunk are adequate -LRB- barely -RRB- , the trunk is a cheap piece of easily breakable cardboard . I had to go out to buy a small suitcase for my granddaughter to keep the clothes in . The clothes are very basic . I also subsidized these by buying Disney princess dresses at Wal-Mart . I would not recommend this product . Just buy the pieces and put it together yourself .
 While the price is fair at $ 10 , the extremely flimsy ` trunk ' does n't even stand correctly on its own or , for that matter , close . I bought this as a 3rd birthday gift for my daughter and the clothes is snug . So , the recommended age should be from 1-3yrs old . My daughter loves to play dress up so , she was very excited about this set . She has played with it for a couple of weeks now .
 I did n't expect much as far as quality goes because the price is so low . But since it is sold for ages 3 and up , I would have expected it to fit my three year old . The tops barely cover her tummy . She was very disappointed and uncomfortable having her stomach exposed . She looks like a hootchie princess . My daughter wears a 3T or a 4T . These I 'd guess are sized perhaps 24 mos . The head bands must be sized to fit maybe a 1 year old . They are very tiny.Other complaints
 Typically I do not write reviews unless I have something nice to say.We purchased this game because it was highly recommended . My son needed help studying for the National Geographical Bee and we felt this would make learning fun . We discovered the first day that we played , Zimbabwe is mislabeled . I did not bother to dig deeper for other errors on the game but after reading the latest review I realize that there are more errors . I did write to the company about the typo on the games but surprisingly I have not heard back from them . Not sure if I will be buying another educational game from them since they do not seem to value the customer and supply them with correct information or return emails .
 We have been looking for a while for a geography board game and thought that we had found it , at least based on the reviews we saw.We opened the game today , and played with our kids and I thought they were not as interested as they could have been . there might be some use for the cards as they are full of information , but the games I thought were very lame . My kids thought they were pretty boring.Some major flaws on the game design : the boards are too small.the pieces are tiny.a major mistake : central america and the caribbean are part of North America !!!!! I would not recommend this game for anyone .
 We got this game because I wanted to have a fun way to help my daughter with the GeoBee . Every time we play it I find things that the editors got wrong . They left Belize completely out of the game , they have Zimbabwe in the middle of the ocean , and have Zionism being a major religion in Tanzania . So if you are okay playing a game with mostly correct information this is a good choice , if you are bugged by these things -- you might not want to get it .
 Today we played volleyball and basketball . Easy to set up and really great fun . The downside is the parts on the basketball set-up . The two clip ons on the back of the rim pop off every time we make a shot . Even though the rim stays on the backboard , it tends to tilt either one way or the other . It 's just not stable enough . I thought about taping them down but it would make it more difficult to remove when we decide to play volleyball . I wish the rim was metal and did n't bend the way it does . I am seriously thinking about sending this back and up grading to a better unit . Love the game , just not this design of this specific brand .
 My son wanted this toy for his seventh birthday . He was disappointed because it does n't really do anything . It makes a low humming noise and the light is so dim you ca n't see it.We do n't recommend this toy especially for the price .
 I think this item is hard for babies to handle . it does n't just go on top , it has to lock , making it difficult to stay and not possible to put the next item . I did n't really like it .
 I was excited to get this toy for my 5.5 month old son . However , on day one of playing with this he put the cup in his mouth -LRB- he mouthes everything at this age -RRB- and he promptly started crying . I did n't make much of it until it happened again the next day . I think the sharp edges of the cups gave him a mini abrasion of his gums . While these toys may be great for older kids , I would n't recommend it for infants that have no teeth !
 This toy is overall fun , but I was shocked to find out that the rattle ball with a smily face fades color . My baby puts it in his mouth all the time , and later I found the black color smeared all over the yellow ball . It 's a health hazard .
 It is generally not interested in this toy.the first couple of days she folded part of each other and playing with balls , and then stopped . The parts are separated and connected by very tight for the baby , even adults need to take more comfortably . One year old child is not in principle be able to build a pyramid.however , only daughter is now studying to collect a regular pyramid . ` Maybe my daughter is too small for the toy , and she interested in it later ?
 It 's an okay toy . Definately not at the top of the heap . I wish I would have seen it before I ordered it , than I would n't have bought it .
 you know what this is ? it 's a mess maker ? you find them all over and little kids ca n't figure it out and bigger ones put other toy in it and make a mess . not a fan
 Well , we were so excited to get this toy because the reviews were raving , but it was a bit disappointing . Our 11 month old is just not so impressed . There are definitely better ways to spend money ; try eeboo 's tot towers which are beautiful , educational , and nesting blocks that WOW in more ways than one .
 My 11 month old was not interested . The only part he liked was the yellow , smiley ball that made noise . I had no fun with them ; they slip and slide when you try to stack them . We have the regular cups in the nursery at church and the children and adults love them .
 We have both this stacker and the traditional ring stacker from Fisher-Price . I would recommend that traditional stacker . While this toy allows you to turn it into multiple balls to play with , I guess my dislike of this toy is that my 1 year old ca n't get the cups off when you stack them since they lock together . So what 's the point of the toy ? At least with the traditional stacker he can practice stacking and taking the rings off himself . He loved the traditional rings when he was a baby too . I think this is a cute toy , but aside from turning it into balls to play with , it does n't really serve it 's original purpose .
 This toy looks so fun , and has educational value on several levels , but it turned out to be very frustrating simply because the cups are more than a little difficult to take apart . The children at my daycare were delighted with the colors , and with the whole concept of nesting and stacking , but when they were all nested together into one ball , it was impossible for the children to open them and difficult , to say the least , even for me . Also , they 're slippy-slidey when stacked together , although that 's not a big problem . I 'm really disappointed . I expect to be able to make a purchase with confidence from a respected name like Fisher Price .
 I have a fourteen month old grand-daughter who would adore this toy if she could only get the pieces apart.They may as well be glued together.Whether stcked or snapped togethr as a ball it is impossible for her to get these apart . I had to laugh when I saw the picture of the 7 or 8 month old baby in the advertisment , a child that age could neer get these things to do anything.I tried putting &#34; Goldfish &#34; crackers inside twp pieces -LRB- that I had made into a ball -RRB- in hopes that she would try to figure out a way to open them but no luck . She just give 's up in frustration and handed it to me and even I had to give it a yank!I gave this product 2 stars because it 's a great idea . I love the bright colors and that each piece is numbered to help with counting skills and that it is made to not only stack but lso to fit one ` ball ' into another , something akin to ussian dolls , and what child does n't love thoseSadly , it is still two stars because it just does not work as advertised . I do n't know what they were thinking when they made this toy . It is n't as if I just got a bum toy , my daughter has one as well and hers is just as difficult .
 this product has a defective battery . Battery runs out after a few minutesRazor A Kick Scooter
 Do n't buy any Razor products except for their original scooter . Their customer service is non existent . If they believed in their products you would be able to buy and return them at a retail store like any other product . You would not have to sign off that you will not return it to the store . After the success of their original scooter they took their brand name and tried to squeeze every bit of profit out of it that they could . Razor does not mean quality to the many people screwed by their products .
 this scooter is a horrable deal . my son bought it 1 year ago and when we got it , the stupid thing didnt even work !!! i hate this product . never buy it !!!!!!!!!! oh ya one more thing ... it still doesnt work . we 've even tried to fix it but it still wo n't work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dont buy this scooter !! ... ever !!
 Found it fairly simple to put together . Declared as the best present ever until it broke after the 1st week . Perfect fit size and speed wise for my 10 year old . However , the 1st day she drove it we were told they were illegal in our city . After it broke within the motor part of it , we were unable to return it as I did not keep the huge box and packaging it came in . It would have been a great deal if we were able to legally drive it here and it worked longer than the 1st week . Hugely excited turned to majorly disappointed in no time flat . Nearest repair shop for these is an hour and 45 minutes away . Not sure it 's worth going to the expense but just hate to throw my money away like that . Bummer !
 I got two of these `` Fur Real '' toys for my niece and nephew as gifts . They did all the things the box said they would but when their legs or necks moved there was a very loud popping noise . I thought that since both toys did it that `` Fur Real '' did n't seem worth the price . Later , I saw another relative who had also gotten the toy from another source -LRB- not online -RRB- and it worked perfectly - no popping noises . I was disappointed with my purchase .
 The lid does n't stay on , it practically rests there with gravity . It 's constantly coming off and defeats the whole purpose of this toy . Go with another brand .
 As other have mentioned , the lid of this sorter does not snap into the bucket . At all . Meaning that if you put the wrong shape in the lid -LRB- as a young child would , causing it to tilt ; the lid falls off and * you * would have to put it back together . Over and over again . If you do n't mind doing this , then get the toy . But if you are looking for a shape sorter for your child to use independently , then get one that has a lid that snaps on securely.Unfortunately , I bought this item upon a friend 's recommendations -LRB- without reading the reviews -RRB- And I did n't keep the box for a return . I have nevered returned an Amazon purchase , but this would 've had to be the first . Skip it . There are much better options out there
 The lid just sits on top of the bucket . It does n't snap on , just rests . Rather than put the pieces through the lid , my 15 month old takes the lid off and then puts the pieces in the bucket . Could easily be done with rocks and a bowl .
 I love the idea of this toy BUT how is my kid supposed to benefit from sorting if the lid comes off extremely easily ?! I 'm seriously considering getting my money back .
 The top does not snap on leaving it to spill constantly . The plastic seems thin and cheap . This product did not meet my expectations for quality usually associated with the Fisher Price name .
 Lid does not stay on . I bought this toy without looking at reviews . If I would have know that the lid does not snap on , I would have not bought it .
 The concept of this toy is great the problem is the yellow lid wont stay on . So when a kid goes to play with it the lid just falls off . kinda makes the toy just a bucket ! I say go for one on these that has a lid that slides on and off not just falls off .
 Poor design as the top does n't stay on . Full for dumping but does n't teach them shapes if the top does n't stay on to fit the blocks .
 What is the point of a shape sorter if the lid does n't even stay on securely to sort the shapes ? I mean I want the kid to be able to get the lid off on eventually but this lid falls off if you so much as tap the side of the box with your foot . My kid swung out their hand and next thing the lid was off and blocks were all over the floor . When trying to put shapes through the wholes you have to be exact and precise . Heaven forbid you are acting like a kid banging and smashing around to figure out how to put the shapes in because then the lid falls off and the point of the toy is lost.If I had known the lid does n't stay on I never would have bought the product . By the time I realized it was n't the toy for us it was too late to return it . -LRB- I bought ahead of time for christmas -RRB- . The blocks are colorful and engage my kids but other then that the point of the toy `` sorting '' is n't even possible with this lid.I guess thats what I get for the ten dollars I spent . I should of spent the extra ten for a toy that actually keeps its lid secured . Very disappointing . I expected more from fisher-price .
 It 's fine for putting shapes in and learning shapes and colors BUT the lid does not stay on . My one year old is n't learning how to sort shapes but instead how to put things in and out of a box as the first thing he does is take the lid off . I wish I had bought a different shape sorter .
 Not sure if this is common for this toy or not , but the lid does not fit tightly . It is so loose that if you turn the toy upside-down , the lid comes off and the shapes fall out of it . And the fitting is n't tall , either , so it does n't take much effort to dislodge the top even when it is right-side-up . Kudos for the educational value -- it 's just not as durable as I need it to be for my active one-year-old .
 We received this for my son 's first birthday from someone who bought it from Amazon . The lid comes off - it does not attach on , and sits very loosely on top of the pail . My son is playing with the lid seperately from the rest of the toy . I think it defeats the purpose - I 'm not sure if we received a defective toy , or it was designed this way .
 The idea is good , but my son always dumps the block everywhere in the room since the lid dose n't snap on the box . . not recommend to everyone
 The blocks are really small so is the box i get its their first blocks but at Wal-Mart you can get a nicer size for like $ 10.00 So if your are not looking for a very small blocks then do not purchase . I guess its a nice size for younger ages but its just not what i wanted not a good bargen in my opinion . Expected alot better from Fisher-Price .
 My baby ca n't be bothered with sorting the shapes to get the blocks in the box when all she has to do is remove the lid and throw the blocks in . Educational value is lacking . This toy would have been much more effective if the lid snapped on.She does really enjoy throwing the blocks in and then dumping them and starting over .
 The lid does not stay on very well . I sit with my daughter to teach her to put the correct shape through the correct hole and she gets frustrated and takes the lid off -LRB- because she knows she can -RRB- and puts it in that way . I wish the lid would stay on better and it would be a much better toy .
 Amazon sent me an email saying they were refunding the money because it was not a deliverable address , which is funny because everything else I bought with it arrives without a problem . But maybe the problem was with the Post Office person that did not want to walk all the way to our door to deliver it . Anyway , my review is just to say i never got it .
 My son received this as a gift when he was 7 months old . He put the lid in his mouth , like kids do ... and when he took it out his mouth was ABSOLUTELY COVERED with blood . Upon inspection I found a ragged sharp spot about 2 '' long along the edge of the lid . After I took the lid away , I let him play with the rest of it , after close inspection - and he likes banging the box about well enough . But that said , even if this one had n't cut my kid , I think I would have chosen another instead of this one . There are SO MANY nicer shape sorter toys out there for not much more money , and stepping on the razor-thin edges of those plastic shapes really hurts . Next time , I 'm going with a wooden model from some company known for sanding all the parts !
 As a sorting toy , this is n't one to get . The top does n't stay on , and my child always takes it off . She still plays with the pieces though , carrying them around , tossing them , and putting other items into the little basket . She seems to enjoy it otherwise , just was n't made to be a good sorting toy .
 The lid with the shape openings does n't click or snap into place in anyway . My kid just took if off and had more fun dumping the blocks in and out . He does like it , but hubby and I were very disappointed . Would prefer he had to go through the lid to fit the shapes , since that 's sort of the point ...
 The quality and colors are greatMy one major `` beef '' is that the top does n't snap on . So when my son gets this toy he immediately takes the top off , dumps out the block and crawls away.There is no longer a purpose for the toy . Maybe I can fashion some kind of snap on device .
 my son really didnt enjoy the benefit of the toy . the top is easily removable , so he was more interested in taking it off and putting it back on rather than play with it the way its meant to be played with . two thumbs down !
 It would be great , but theres one feature that irritates the crap out of me . When you close the top of it , it doesnt lock or anything , so when the baby is actually trying to play with it and then accidentally pushes it , it falls and everything falls out and you have to put the top again . Its so easy to take it off . So instead of trying to put the little shapes in , my baby just takes of the top -LRB- which like I said is so easy to take of , you can literally blow on it and it will come off -RRB- and GAME OVER.I wouldnt recommend it .
 What 's the point of a shape sorter if the lid will not remain in place ? My daughter has zero interest because she 'd rather take the lid off -LRB- and if you bump it if FALLS off -RRB- and hand it to me then play with actually putting the pieces where they go . We received this as a gift and if I could I would return it and get a similiar toy that actually works .
 So far , mostly all my 15 month old son has done with this toy is dump all the pieces out . Sometimes he puts the pieces back , but certainly not with the lid on . Why does n't FP make it possible to lock the lid on so he can spend some time trying the different shapes holes instead of just tearing the lid off -LRB- even when I try to hold the lid on -RRB- ? If the shapes are different colors , why did n't FP color coordinate the shape holes?I 'm giving this product two stars because there are pairs of the different shapes and he likes to pick up the matching pairs and bang them together .
 My daughter enjoyed this for the first five minutes , but once the container was full and we went to empty it , we could n't get the lid to stay on . It will stay briefly if you lock the blue handle over it , but then kids ca n't see all of the shapes . There are much more fun shape sorters out there that actually work for more than a few minutes .
 Originally I bought these as `` first blocks '' for our baby -LRB- 6 mos old -RRB- but ended up returning them since they 're not very fun and pretty pricey for how cheap they are . For younger babies who are n't sorting yet , I recommend getting `` HABA First Blocks Set `` First Blocks , a bit pricier , but very good quality -LRB- safe wood , NOT made in China -RRB- . These are captivating blocks that are very imaginative . True , they do n't have the sorting qualities like this toy might , but are visually stimulating and can be stacked and use to actually `` build '' things .
 This toy would be much better if the lid stayed in place . As soon as 9mo old touches it it flops off . Therefore she ca n't really experiment with fitting the blocks into the holes properly ... Mine could be a defect . I 'm not sure , but I 'm disappointed .
 It 's a decent toy which solves its purpose . My only complain is it 's cheaply made so very light -LRB- Had this almost 10 yrs back in a round shape and was very sturdy -RRB- and also the top does n't have any lock so my daughter continuously takes it out and tosses it . One more bad thing is there is a block of the shape ' + ' sign and ' * ' , I am not sure what to tell my kid about the shape once she starts understanding . I recently discovered that this product contains ` Bromines ' which can cause damage to organs such as liver , kidneys , lungs and milt and they can cause stomach and gastrointestinal malfunctioning , to read go to healthystuff.org . I am returning this stuff and I strongly think Amazon should stop selling this product.Giving it 1 star .
 Bought this for 19 month old . The lid wo n't stay on very well , so he just tosses it aside and throws the pieces around and tries to use them on other toys . Basically it 's a bucket with pieces . Not worth the price , wasted money .
 My biggest complaint about this toy is that the lid is EASILY removable . I bought this for my 6 month old and the first thing she does is takes the lid off and bangs it against the base . I was hoping there would be a latch or some way to secure the lid to the base so that she would focus on putting the blocks through the holes but we end up just playing with it without the base .
 My daughter likes playing with this toy , for a few minutes until she decides the easiest way to get the shapes into the box is to remove the top and place them in that way . I wish it was a little more difficult to remove , perhaps it could snap on and off so babies ca n't just lift it off and `` cheat '' !
 I bought this for my granddaughter to help teach her colors/shapes . The thing I hate about this product is the top will not stay on . There is no snap or anything to keep it on so when my granddaughter could n't put a shape in she would just lift the top and toss it in . Also , when she toted it and it tipped over , all the pieces would fall out -LRB- because of the lousy top -RRB- .
 This item can easily earn an award for the worst design . Seriously , whereas FisherPrice has many nice products , they seem to design this one without any thinking . The flaw is that the lid does n't snap , so the child just takes the it off and plays with this sorter as with a bucket . Why would anyone try to figure out the right hole if the blocks can be easily put in and out after removing the lid ? As a sorter , this item is completely useless .
 The lid does not fix to the body of the basket . It just sits on top with a notch over the handle connectors . The lid comes off at the slightest touch . As such it is close to useless .
 Horrible design , lid wo n't even come close to staying on . He loves putting the lid and all the shapes in his mouth , but that 's all it 's good for .
 The top comes off so easy that my 12 month old refuses to sort the shapes but simply takes off the lid and put the pieces in the bucket .
 What a bunch of crap . We only use this as a bucket to carry the shapes in . The lid does NOT stay on , does n't snap in , ANYTHING . I would not waste my energy even clicking the `` purchase '' button for this .
 So this sorter is okay , but has a MAJOR PROBLEM , fortunately , it is easy to fix.The major problem is the lid wo n't stay on , at all . Here is how you fix it : You will need
 I bought this for my baby when he was 6 months old . He loved putting the shapes in and dumping it out . The lid only sits on it though so it becomes more of a game to keep the lid off . If the lid snapped on instead or latched or something it would be awesome , but since it does n't it 's just a bucket with shapes . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I am very disappointed with this toy and wish I had returned it immediately after opening . The stacker has practically zero functionality as the lid comes off almost immediately without any way to secure it to the base . Any child will just take off the lid instead of fiddling with stacking holes . Major design flaw !!!
 I would avoid this toy . The lid falls off so your kid will just take the easy route and pull the lid off to put in the blocks . We have another one with a latched door to remove the blocks and no lid , and it makes it much more fun and actually makes my daughter do the sorting . Just skip this one and save yourself from more useless plastic junk in your house .
 I bought this for a 1 year old . The yellow lid does not stay on the box so it is difficult for the baby to experiment with putting the shapes in the different places .
 My son received this toy as a gift for his 6-month birthday . At the time , I remember hearing about how some plastic toys -LRB- often made in China -RRB- contain harmful chemicals that are known to cause cancer and feeling concerned that this toy might be one of them . I did n't do anything for awhile , seeing how my son enjoyed playing with the toy and thinking -LRB- stupidly -RRB- that if this toy were truly harmful , it would n't be sold in the U.S.One day , I came across this toy on Amazon and noticed the warning to CA residents under `` Product Details . '' I could n't believe it when I read this toy is made with harmful chemicals known to `` cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . '' I bet a lot of people who are giving this toy 5 stars are not aware of the warning.UPDATE TO REVIEW ON 10-28-09
 With all the recent news about lead , BPA and other harmful chemicals being found in many children 's toys , I 've been investigating any toy my child has been given . Someone gave my 7 month old this as a gift . It does n't say `` BPA Free '' or anything on the box , so I decided to call the company.Fisher Price has only issued this statement -LRB- here 's my paraphrase -RRB-
 I bought this for my baby months ago , and he has never had much interest in it . I 'm glad of that now , since I saw the Prop 65 warning to California residents on Amazon 's description of the toy . I 'm offended that Fisher Price seems to think that it is okay to sell toys that contain dangerous chemicals to children . Plus , the toy is n't that great!As other reviews mentioned , the top easily pops off of the toy giving babies no incentive to use the shape sorter function of the toy . My son would usually just grab the lid and knock the thing over . Then he would go on to the other toys that were more interesting for him . I would not buy this toy again or recommend that anyone else do so .
 Summary :1 -RRB- blocks built with thin walls , sharper corners , might be hazardous -LRB- compared with older version of this toy -RRB- 2 -RRB- blocks fit in wrong holes -- terrible for a shape-sorter ! 3 -RRB- inconsistency with older models means trouble if you have more than one item of this type.Fisher-Price has made many sorting block toys over the years . With this model , they skimped considerably on the quality of the blocks . Compared to older models , these blocks are extremely thin -LRB- obviously , to save an ounce of plastic -RRB- , to the point where a fluke accident could send an unnecessarily sharp point into a baby 's eye -LRB- e.g. the triangle block -RRB- . The older models ' walls were at least twice as think , nicely rounded , etc. -- on this model , the manufacturing seams on the already-sharp edges of the blocks add to their danger.Absolutely inexcusable , is the fact that with this re-design of the blocks , it is now possible to fit some blocks through the WRONG HOLE ! The 5-pointed star fits through the circular hole with just a tiny bit of pushing -LRB- my child , < 2 yrs old , keeps doing it . -RRB- Although this may seem like a minor point , the fact that a product like this could go through a design & evaluation process , yet allow such an obvious flaw , does not speak well for Fisher-Price . Sorry , guys , you really did a `` D'oh '' here.They also made the blocks shorter than previous sets -LRB- saving a tad more plastic -RRB- , so that it 's * almost * possible to simply drop any block sideways into the square hole . Not quite possible , but it really looks like the blocks * should * fit . My child keeps trying to push the blocks in that way . It 's just a poor , poor design that has evolved , clearly by losing sight of the actual functionality of the toy.What 's more , Fisher-Price has not managed to stay consistent over the years , so that older blocks and newer blocks are simply not interchangeable ! E.g. a triangle from one set , might not fit into the triangular hole of an older toy ! That 's just not right -- if you happen to have all sorts of toys floating around your play room , there 's no way you can keep separate which came from which set . -LRB- Trivial notes
 I wanted a shape sorter for my 14-month old niece . I was excited to watch her play with this , but the yellow cover has absolutely no way of attaching to the container other than simply resting on top , so the minute my niece touched the toy , the cover fell off . I 'm amazed that this toy was made without any sort of latch to hold the cover on while the toy is being played it . I returned this and am looking for something with a more intelligent design .
 I choseSmart Snacks Gingerbread House Sorterinstead because it 's more versatile . It has a Christmas motif , it 's prettier and may still be of some interest to an older child when they are playing cooking .
 The purpose of this toy is defeated when our babies can easily remove the lid and put the shapes on the basket without the use of the lid . I would not recommended .
 The lid does not even snap onto this toy . It just sits there so of course it comes off as soon as it is bumped . My son does n't even get the benefit of the shape sorting because he just pulls the lid off to put the shapes in or take them out .
 The top of the box does n't secure on . So my son does n't even try to put the shapes in , he just plays with the lid and the box .
 We got this as a gift and I was not aware the lid is not attached - it just sits on top . I probably would not have asked for it if I would have realized . There have to be better shape sets out there!There is a website you can use to see how healthy toys are and the rating was low for toxins . I would feel better if these were BPA-free , Phthalate-free , and PVC-free and wish the larger toy companies would be concerned - but they sell - so they do n't . It was not until my neice was diagnosed with cancer that I started thinking about all the things my kids put in their mouths .
 I bought this for my daughter to practice on for hockey but she never got to use it . I had the ground completely leveled and this thing was still uneven ! Theres no way this could possibly work with just plastic . Save your money and build one yourself the right way . A complete rip off and disappointment !!
 I am a widow with 3 young children . I purchased this as a surprise Christmas gift to keep them occupied during time off school while I work . We/I put this up and filled -LRB- well , attempted to -RRB- 3 different times in 3 different locations , directly on the grass and after snowfalls . The area of the rink will NOT fill evenly and I have ended up with ice 6 inches deep in some areas , with other areas not even covered . Yes , I know the need to level the ground . I lifted up and supported the lower sides with the supplied styrofoam wedges , -LRB- as well as snow and eventually 2 x 4 's -RRB- , however , the sides eventually buckle and the water flows right out . Further , the liner does tear pretty easily from the ice . A roll of patch is supplied and that did seem to fix the numerous holes/rips , -LRB- of course , I did this between moving the rink and while it was completely dry . -RRB- I suppose if you live in a perfect world with perfectly level ground in ALL areas that you intend to set this rink up on , this should probably work . Alas , I do not live in that perfect world . After 3 set ups , uncountable hours spent day and night , week in and out , this is a complete failure . I am a woman who is not afraid to try things that are typically a `` man 's work , '' -LRB- being a widow , this is a definite must -RRB- . However , I think my -LRB- deceased -RRB- husband would have also been unable to set this up successfully -LRB- unless he purchased dirt and meticiously leveled every inch of the ground this was to be on -RRB- . Needless to say , my kids are disappointed and have given up hope in this . I am stubborn , but I think I have given this my last horay . This is by far the worst $ 300 I have ever spent .
 i thought this would be a great gift for 2 year olds so i bought one for my daughter and one as a birthday gift for her friend dina . well , the dina doll came saying `` dana '' , and both dolls only said the child 's name ONE TIME per rotation of phrases -LRB- trust me , it was a very long wait to hear it again -RRB- . both dolls went back and i 'm still waiting for my refund ...
 I thought this would be the perfect toy for my 18 month old who loves Elmo . He has a couple of Elmo dolls but the fur on this one is poor quality and sheds on everything . It also says `` Hop like a Cat '' and `` Skip like a Pig '' a couple of other phrases that do n't make sense . The Elmo I received did n't look like the one in the picture . He has a shirt that says Elmo on it and a little dog . My son loves Hokey Pokey Elmo and could care less that this Elmo knows his name .
 www.personalizedbyrus.com is the WORST company on amazon.com . I ordered this gift for my niece 's 1st birthday . The company failed to mention that it was not in stock . Then when I called to inquire about the status of the gift , I was told it would be sent the next week - A COMPLETE LIE . 2 weeks later I sent an email since their phone lines were constantly busy - NO REPLY . NOW 2 months after I initially ordered it and I can not get intouch with anyone at the company to get my money back . THIS COMPANY IS A CROOK .
 I too was very dissapointed in Elmo 's appearance . The picture makes him look so cute with his sweatshirt and jeans and shoes . Instead he comes with a blue and yellow shirt that is too small and has a hard dog sewed to his arm.TACKYUGLY
 I have a very different complaint about this new `` Elmo Knows Your Name '' Well here it is in a nutshell , folks
 I was under the impression that any name can be put into a computer and Elmo will be able to say it , but I went yesterday to get the toy for my niece Naja and was told that Elmo ca n't say her name !
 Read all of the reviews posted in hopes of getting this for my daughter who is an Elmo freak !! After reading the reviews I called the company to ask about the picture . Customer Service rep was nice but informed me that you did not get the Elmo pictured . She stated her supervisor told her they `` shipped what ever they had and she could not guarantee the one with the sweatshirt , pants , shoes etc. '' In other words , count on getting the less dressed one that comes only with a t-shirt and a tacky dog -- not at all how it is pictured ! I will not order and risk $ 30 of Christmas money on a tacky gift .
 I ca n't believe they have a personalized Elmo for some of the names they do and yet nothing for a name as simple and basic as Christine . What is the problem with personalizing it with ANY name . I 'd be willing to pay extra .
 Wanted this really bad for my daughter - Tierney . Yes , her name is not common . I would understand if elmo did n't say it , except the Dora doll will say it . Why would n't Elmo be able to if Dora can ???? I know my daughter would love this .
 We recieved our Elmo today in the mail . What we recieved was not as it is pictured on the site . He just comes dressed in a t-shirt not the jacket ans shoes as it illistrates . He also says some funny things - like jump like a cat and a jump like a horse . I have read that it sometimes takes times for him to start speaking correctly , we 'll see.Overall this toy is not worth the $ 40.00 I spent -LRB- including s & h ;-RRB- . Think twice before you buy .
 This is not the regular Elmo Knows My Name that is in the Toys R Us stores . This is one that is only offered on-line and CAN NOT BE RETURNED if you order it and then realize it 's the wrong one . I ordered this for my nephew for Christmas thinking it was the one I had just read about on CNN . Nope . It 's not . It does n't come in a box , the cable that you need to connect it to your computer is an old , old , old cable -LRB- that I found for $ 25 on Amazon -RRB- and is not included . Do n't buy this thinking it 's the version you 've seen in the store for $ 10 less .
 We purchased this Elmo for our son this past Christmas , when he was 21 months old , since he absolutely LOVES Elmo , and thought sure he 'd be a hit . HOWEVER , something must be programmed wrong , because in the game section , Elmo asks him to `` hop like a CAT '' , or `` run like a BUNNY '' , etc. . . the animals and actions do n't match up at all . I contacted Personalized By R Us online -LRB- the only way I could find to contact them -RRB- about this problem and got NO response at all . It 's ridiculous to pay this amount of money for something that 's going to teach him the wrong actions for these animals . It is cool to hear him say my son 's name , but I could probably count on one hand the number of times he 's played with this Elmo since Christmas . The E-L-M-O Elmo was MUCH more of a hit , and a good bit less expensive too !! I would agree with the prior reviewers who commented on the fuzz factor ... that red fuzz is constantly shedding ... and I thought the dog was bad ! Other Elmos that I ' v found look more like the Elmo on TV too . Not sure I 'd buy this one if I had it to do over ...
 I bought this thinking it was the same as ones seen in the store . http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00080VMLS/qid=1133218239/sr=8-1/ref=pd_bbs_1/103-5336909-7544609?v=glance&s;=toys&n;=507846This one only says her name . The other one does so much more for only $ 9 more . If you do n't have a computer then buy this one . If you do do n't waste your money . Now I have to buy that one too .
 I would have loved to have ordered this for my 1 year old niece , who adores Elmo . Unfortunately , she has a very unusual first name -- Lori !!!!! Name 's not available , nor is Laurie or Laura for that matter . Could have gotten Loraneesha , though . Yeesh !
 I ordered this item on 12/15 and was assured delivery before Christmas . It is now 12/27 and I still do n't have it . This was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my son . When I contacted Babies R Us they told me I might not have it for several more days . So much for good customer service .
 My daughters name is Rose and that name is not available ! I am very upset , this toy looks great but come on ! The name Rose is as simple as you can get !!!!
 I purchased this for my son for his 2 year birthday present . I ordered an Elmo wearing a cute sweatsuit and instead I got an Elmo with a tee shirt holding a dog . I am really not happy and feel that I have been a victom of false advertising . I am very disappointed in TRU . This is not like them and they may have lost a very good customer over this !!!
 bought the elmo for my child for x-mas and I got this cheap elmo with a hard tacky looking dog . Nothing like pick it shows and the elmo also said the name `` john '' I have a girl was not happy at all !!! My baby did love the doll but it did look like a choke hazord so I took it back . Be aware !!!!
 I was planning on purchasing He Knows Your Name Elmo , but my daughter 's name was not available.I 'm sure my daughter would love hearing Elmo say her name . It is strange . They have Karadawn and other similar names with the prefix `` Kara '' , but not just plain Kara.Very disappointing .
 Very disappointing compared to other Elmo singing toys . It certainly is not worth the price !
 The description was kind of misleading . I definitely thought I was getting more than one tube . $ 6.49 SALE price for this was outrageous .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . Unfortunately , it is clearly for girls only . The description did not indicate this and , if it did , it was not clear enough for this working Mom to notice . He actually got this from Santa and now thinks that Santa 's elves screwed up and gave him a girl 's thing by mistake and a girl has his boy present .
 I own a very old aurora tiger like the one in the photo . It has been shedding so I wanted a replacement . Unfortunately the one they ship is not exactly the same as the one in the picture . Instead , one they send is an uglier down grade in my opinion -LRB- has big eyes , and nose is not colored the same -RRB- . I requested a refund , and thankfully Amazon gave me a no hassle refund .
 While the Littlest Pet Shop toys are cute , this electronic version is just a knock off of the Tamagotchi .
 My son loves the doll , but not as much now that it does n't talk when you pull the string ... well he 'll say a 1/2 sentence . This happened relatively soon after getting the doll in the mail ... bummer ! Not sure if he broke it -LRB- he IS 3 -RRB- or if it is a product defect . I may just cut the string so he forgets he ever talked . Woody 's hat barely stays on so I stuck some velcro on it and his head . Works nice ... looks a little silly ... if I only had brown velcro.Maybe just a plush doll would have been a better buy .
 I was anxious to get this toy . My daughter was turning 10 and for her birthday she wanted this toy . She had had one when she was younger and something happened to it and she wanted to replace it for memories sake . I could n't find one in the stores so I had to order it on line . I read all the reviews and was worried about having problems with it but ordered it anyway because this was what she really wanted . When it arrived , my husband and I got it out of the box and checked it out . I had read reports on the pull string coming out and was worried about that . We pulled the string a couple of times and it seemed o.k. . Then we went to put it back in the box and it would not quit talking . Every few minutes it would `` go off '' . I was worried that when I went to wrap it , it would talk and then she would know what it was . We messed with the string and it seemed to stop . We got it wrapped and luckly it did not go off when she was opening it . The toy is o.k. . She is really happy with it but the string does have issues .
 Very dissapointed , this toy does not have all the phrases from the movie and not even Tom Hanks voice . Only 5 phrases . The doll itself is well constructed but I would not recommend this toy .
 We got this toy for our son , a huge fan of the movies . The doll itself is fine and looks just like the original , that is where the similarities stop . First of all the pull cord is fake , sure you have to pull it , but it just activates a digital recording . Secondly , the voice is not even close to Tom Hanks . Lastly , the iconic sayings of the doll are not even there , how can this be ? I do n't understand why they just did n't make it just like it was on the movies . So if none of those things bother you then go for it , otherwise stay away from this toy .
 So , if you 're thinking about buying this toy , let me tell you what you will get for your $ 40.1 . I will reinterate what other reviewers say ... The hat does NOT stay on . Not even a little bit . If you try to smash the hat down on Woody 's head , you can see the plastic of the hat expand , and consquently , stretch out so that it will never stay on his head again for the rest of eternity . This annoys me , AND MY SON .2 . Not only does the hat not stay on , but neither does his vest . The problem with the hat is something I can live with . But when we opened the box , the vest was hanging off his shoulders and the toy had never been touched . It simply works itself off his little body . This annoys me greatly . AND MY SON . I 've made the decision to sew the vest in place .3 . No , the voice is not Tom Hanks . However , this is not a big deal . The voice , to me , sounds similar enough and my son does n't even notice .4 . The stitching is terrible . Especially on his arms . I think in the near future , we will have a problem similar to Toy Story 2 with his whole arm coming off.Those are the major problems with the toy . And now I would like to have myself a little vent in general about the toy ... I was a teenager when the first movie came out , and my nephews adored the films . We had some orginal Woody dolls that accomadated the first movie , and the quality of those dolls was SO much better . My oldest son actually had a hand me down Woody doll until a few years back unitl it met an unfornate end . I am absolutely FLOORED at the lesser degree of quality of the new dolls . The orginal dolls were a bit smaller , but they looked EXACTLY like what you see in the movie . The plastic parts were denser , harder , and seemed to be more scuff resistant.The new doll is bigger and odder looking . The toy does n't look quite like the movie character . And the plastic parts are hollow and the paint is clearly something that will fade and rub off over time . And he has a weird expression . I feel like the doll 's expression should match the movie character 's `` frozen '' expression , but it does n't . Also , the orginal woody doll had the actual pull-string mechanism -LRB- just like the movie -RRB- , whereas the new toy requires batteries . I do n't understand the logic in that modification at all.When I started researching Woody dolls to buy for my son , -LRB- yes , I research things like that . if I 'm going to spend $ 40 on a toy , I want to get the best toy I can for my money -RRB- I knew that all the new dolls that have been produced are of the same crappy quality . I went so far as to go to ebay to look for an orginal doll that was made when the first movie came out . But in the end , I decided it was just easier and more convinent to get the mass produced toy.When it arrived , I knew what kind of quality to expect . But it still annoys me that 10 years ago , Disney produced a good quality toy identical to the movie character , but now , it just kinda looks like junk.All of that being said ... my 2 and a half year old son likes it . The hat annoys him , and the vest annoys him , but he still has a Woody doll to play with . He does n't realize it 's a piece of crap . I 'm going to sew the vest on , but the hat is kind of a hopless cause . Unless I have my husband rig up some way to keep the hat in place . We 'll see.If you are far less concerned with these -LRB- possibly trivial -RRB- matters than me -LRB- and I hope you are -RRB- , and you have a kid that loves Woody , just get the doll . : - -RRB-
 This was a gift for my 3 year old nephew . He pulled the string once and it never went back in ! I would not recommend . It is not very well made .
 When I received this product , it was wrapped in a plastic bag . The pull cord was broken . The toy did n't look new . I bought this toy from Disney because I thought the quality would be of a high standard . I returned the action fiqure , and I did n't ask to replace it .
 It is the day after Christmas , and my four year old is already crying !!! He pulled Woody 's string this morning and he wo n't talk !!! My son is so sad !! He did NOT overpull him yesterday , but today , nothing when you pull his string ! IF there was an option for NO STARS , that is what I would rate him !!!!
 Woody is cool , but he ca n't talk , which is the whole point of having him around . Not a rootin ' tootin ' good time by any means . What a disappointment . I see others have had this same problem . Disney and Amazon should get this right -- they have brands to protect and should n't be breaking children 's hearts when they receive mute Woodys .
 This was the WORST of all the amazon Christmas gifts that we had chosen!With an autistic NON-VERBAL son ; ... &#34; TALKING WOODY &#34; has been his FAVORITE ever sine he saw the movie !!! -LRB- * WHICH HE HAS NOW SEEN HUNDREDS OF TIMES SINCE !! * -RRB- When he opened it ; ... his facial expression was absolutely PRICELESS with excitement !!!! ... and when he pulled the string to hear him talk ; ... IT WAS ASTONISHING !!!! ... -LRB- to say the least !!! -RRB- HOWEVER ; ... less than 24 HOURS ... THE STRING CAME OUT ... WOODY DIED !!!! :-LRB- -- He was heart-broken !!! I DO WANT TO FIND HIM ANOTHER ONE ... BUT HAVE NOT AS OF YET!I MUST SAY , THOUGH , THAT *** AMAZON *** ~ ~ MADE GOOD ON THEIR PRODUCT POLICIES AND GAVE A FULL REFUND FOR THE DEFECTIVE TOY !!! ... HOORAY FOR A QUALITY-ASSURED COMPANY !! NO DOUBT AT ALL THAT ** AMAZON ** ~ ~ WILL BE IN BUSINESS FOR A VERRY VERY LONG TIME AS LONG AS THEIR CUSTOMER 'S SATISFACTION REMAINS # 1 PRIORITY AS I HAVE PERSONALLY WITNESSED!Thanks to all and HAVE A SUPER-prosperous New year !! Ms. T. Lance
 i know Andy 's toys have a `` No Toy Left Behind '' policy , but this is one toy that should be left . five little phrases and it 's not even Tom Hanks . i was disappointed but thought my son would play with it anyways . after all he 's two , loves anything toy story , and plays with cardboard . i was wrong even he can see this toy stinks . still somehow despite the lack of play , woody 's stitches are coming apart . total waste of money
 This is a cute toy however I wish I would have listened to the other reviews because a day after we had him he stoped talking . He now just spits a word or two out . The string does not work right and if you pick him up sometimes he will say a word or two . NOT worth your money at all .
 i ordered this toy as a Christmas gift for my 2 year old son , the description on the web site stated that it was a `` pull string woody doll '' that talked.I paid $ 38 for it and when this item arrived in the mail it was a cheap , plush stuffed woody with NO pull string.I now have to refund this toy and wait 4 weeks for my money back.what a rip off !!!!!!
 I am disappointed with this Woody Doll ! The doll is O.K. Nothing great about it . Quality is O.K. . It does n't have the original voice , TOM HANKS . Sellers should have specified that it is NOT TOM HANK 's voice . Oh well , learn my lesson . Wo n't buy this specific doll again , if I have seen it from a store for sure.The doll 's information -LRB- just in case you are interested -RRB- : Toy Story & Beyond 16 '' Pull String Woody Doll by Disney Store -LRB- Disney/Pixar -RRB- ; # 44196 -LRB- B6 486775700114 11 -RRB- .
 I think this particular doll was manufactured improperly because we also have Jessie and she has been working for the past two years . I 'm hoping to get a replacement soon .
 EL JUGUETE ES MUY PARECIDO AL GOODY DE LA PELICULA . LA CARA ES BIEN AGRADABLE . EL DEFECTO ES QUE SUELTA EL CORDEL AL SEGUNDO ESTIRON . ES BUENA COMPRA POR EL PRECIO
 I was so excited to get a woody doll for my son for Christmas , and Amazon had the best price , however Woody 's pull string did n't work the moment I pulled him out of the box . He was sent back immediately .
 Difficult to manuever . Mini games are hard to find and quickly over without allowing any play time . Rewarded with stickers for doing nothing.Sometimes pet gets stuck in one location and even resetting did not help.This item is very frustrating for young children and parents as well .
 I 'm disappointed and delighted about my new Scrabble Deluxe game.The two things I am very disapointed at is the cheap plastic hinges that fold the game up breaks off after about the third time we opened it.Very cheesy and cheap.Also , the turntable for the game is not what we expected . We thought for $ 44 . we should have at least had a turntable like a lazy Susan , but it rolls on casters which will mar a wooden table . I want my money back or a replacement , so now I will have to pursue that avenue . So , if cheap hinges , and no good turning board are your thing have at it.I am delighted with the size of the board and more letters and score points . Takes three hours of good old fashioned fun to finish .
 I bought this for my grandson because we love to play Scrabble and he wanted the rotating board with raised tile boxes . When we opened this we were surprised to see that it does NOT have a rotating base , it has some metal beads on the bottom that allow it to turn ... if it is on a very smooth surface and even then it doesnt turn well . The board folds in the middle so the tiles down the middle do n't sit well and the plastic board surface is not glued down properly . Also , Super Scrabble is a different game with double the amount of tiles to play and a much bigger board so that a game of Scrabble will take much , much longer to play.For $ 40 I expected better quality . We only kept it because I bought it online and did n't want to jump through the hoops of returning it via mail with shipping costs .
 The plastic grid arrived in warped condition making tile placement difficult in the affected areas of the grid . While it still is playable the warped grid is distracting and disappointing .
 I ca n't beleive how poorly designed this version is . The featherweight tiny plastic letters are too hard to pick up and manipulate . This is especially hard when trying to place them on the board in between those little plastic nibs at each corner of the board squares . The plastic letter holders are too lightweight and get knocked over easily . I 'll also complain about the double amount of letters available . Sounds like a good idea , but in use it makes getting letters you need more rare ... and getting too many of a particular vowel too often . The end result is a game that takes more than one night to finish . It 's frustrating when playing with kids .
 This is not the scrabble game I was expecting.I bought it because of the raised grids , which it has . However it also has twice the number of spaces and letters . The board is much larger than the standard game.No such information was given by Amazon . I had to pay for return shipping which I did not appreciate . Be sure you understand what super deluxe means before you purchase this game .
 This was a mistake . I thought I was buying regular scrabble with the rotating board , which my daughter has always wanted . I have a set like this and she always comments about how nice it is when we play . When she opened it to play , she found it was some other version of the game and was very disappointed . Now she must go through the hassle of returning it by January 31 to get the delux real scrabble . I will never make a purchase like this online again.Claire Quaglieri
 I am very disappointed in this product for the money ! I thought by the info that I was getting a scrabble board on a lazy suzanne type turn table -LRB- like my friend 's -RRB- . Instead , the board is thin , folds in half and comes apart every time it is folded , and is difficult to turn ! I would have taken it back if I had not purchased it on Amazon.com ! Help!Very Disappointed
 The design and craftmanship of this board is very poor . They use inexpensive plastic hinges on each end which causes `` warping '' of the thin plastic used . If they would ` spring ' for two additional plastic hinges between each end it would greatly help in reducing the warping of the board . As it is I am expecting my third shipment in hopes of finally receiving `` one '' board that is n't warped and I can lay my letters flat . Upon picking up the board one has to be extremely careful as it tends to break apart at the hinges.Overall as a game it 's terrific having more spaces and tiles to play with as it makes for a much more interesting and challenging game .
 I was very disappointed with the Super Scrabble . I had hoped to find a Deluxe version that I had several years but this was the closest I could find . The description states it can be rotated around which I thought would be like the old deluxe version on a lazy susan . Not so . We had to slide this around on little `` ball baring '' feet which was n't very helpful . Also , we began a game and wanted to continue it later . I went to pick up the board and it came apart at the middle seem where it was assembled . The only part that was okay are the plastic separators to help keep the tiles organized on the board . This was a gift for an elderly parent and it was frustrating for me ! I am returning it today .
 This is a very cool Scrabble game . However , it arrived damaged , one of the little plastic hinges was broken upon arrival . It was a Fathers Day gift . We played it that evening and the tiles would n't sit flush because of the broken hinge . I have emailed the company twice with no response .
 I was very disappointed in the workmanship of this game . It was poorly made and it did not look like it would withstand years of playing . I owned this game in the past , but it was made by Milton Bradley . This particular game was made by the Hasbro Co. . I think Milton Bradley game was of excellent quality . In the future , I will only buy games made by Milton Bradley .
 For the amount of money paid for this game , we were very disappointed in how cheaply it was made . It is basically two pieces of plastic with cardboard sandwiched between them . The plastic is warped so much that the tile letters do not lay flat . The board folds in the middle and the two pieces do not even meet correctly , with one side raised higher than the other . As a result , all tiles placed on squares that run down the middle of the board , do not lay flat . There are several warped areas that lift up throughout the board that will pop if you press down on it , making the tiles pop up in the air.The concept is great . The product is not .
 Love the idea of this game , but the quality is extremely poor . Had I seen this in the store , I never would have paid this much money for it .
 Ordering this was a waste of my time , got my hopes up , and nearly ruined Christmas . I did not receive the product that was advertised . Would give the review zero stars if it was possible .
 Looked around for nice scrabble games with the interlocking tiles . Thought this one looked good and appeared to be high quality but when received it was cheap plastic tiles . Very disappointed .
 I have the Milton Bradley 50th Anniversary version of Scrabble and I like the quality of the game board and accessories . Thinking that this Hasbro version would be a new and interesting addition to the Scrabble line , I bought it as a gift for my friend . Unfortunately , when my friend opened it , I was embarrassed when I saw how cheap it looked . I paid way too much for a product of cheap quality . I 'll stick with the Milton Bradley line in the future .
 I do like the expanded version . I am not happy with how poorly the board is constructed . I received it in a broken state . Plastic hinges are not strong enough to hold the boards weight . I had to glue and tape it together so it will not fall apart anymore . Pretty pricey for poor weak plastic design .
 I play scrabble a few times a week with my wife and enjoy the challenges and creativity of it . We also enjoy the `` Upwards '' version of Scrabble . We decided to buy Super Scrabble and were very disappointed for many reasons . First the placement of the bonus squares were n't well planned . For example double word bonus squares are too close together so that one word can easily cover two of them . There are too many qualdruples scores leading to scores of over 700 for each player . The main drawback is that with 200 tiles it takes more than 3 hours to complete a game so we end up setting an end time which loses some of the challenges of using up all of the letters . Additionally some of the tiles have faded letters so the quality is poor and not in line with what is charged for the game . We 've stopped playing it and will probably donate it to charity .
 I gave this to my mother as a gift . After she took it on a trip to my sister 's , they recommended I return it . The board folds in half , unlike the Deluxe Edition of the regular Scrabble game . The board is flimsy and did n't lay flat along the fold line , so the letters would n't lie flat . I was disappointed , to say the least . We love playing Scrabble , so my gripe is only about the board quality .
 For the price of this item roller balls are worthless , should have been on lazy susan style . Very shabbily made and must be very careful when opening and closing game . Would not recommend to anyone .
 Very unhappy . Ordered this item specific to details . We received a super deluxe scRabble edition but not the one we ordered . Instead we got plastic letters not wood , a board with plastic nubs to keep letters in place rather than raised edges . It did n't rotate . I was so excited when I made the order and so disappointed when it was delivered . I do n't have the time or energy to do all that is required to return it ! It makes me Leary of ever ordering anything again online .
 although scoring is crazy high , you would think for the price they would have made it on a turntable and with wood , not cheap plastic - hence DELUXE it is not
 The concept is great but the design is terrible . Two of our hinged boards have broken at the hinge with very gentle use . The larger board should be redesigned like the Milton Bradley Deluxe Edition with grid and turntable - a much better design .
 Was not what I expected . I was wanting the regular Scrabble gamewithout all the extras . Order a different one later
 Poorly and cheaply made . Board comes apart at hinges with little effort . Not at all what we expected ! Miss our old board terribly !
 This game is not very good board was connected in middle with hinges and was not even . the middle row of letters tilted . Would rather have a board in one piece .
 This little toy is a digital pet . You can brush his fur and feed it . It travels outside and in a digital house . Santa spent way too much on it . That said , my 7 year old daughter loves it . She was all excited when her monkey 's friend called for a playdate . Anyway , do n't expect too much from it . But if you have a little girl into LPS , she probably will be thrilled with it .
 Wow , what a disappointment , this is an awesome truck `` to look at '' but was very disappointed when we gave it as a gift to our Grandson who takes very good care of his toys . This is definetely not a toy , needs to be on a display shelf for looks only . They say it is `` diecast '' , the cab only . . all the working parts are thin plastic , before we got it out of the box , the pin that holds the trailer to the cab snapped off , plastic . The most used area of this truck not even metal !! Anyway after some tears and explanation to our Grandson , we sent it back . Wish we knew that it was more of a `` collector 's item '' before expecting to give it as a toy . Mimi in Pa. .
 Very poor quality and dissatisfied overall . It would be a fun toy if constructed with quality parts and NOT PLASTIC . It hurts and frustrates me to see my grandchild try his best and work with the truck when the `` oonnector arm '' from the truck cab to the trailer has broken in two . The cost to construct this product must have been next to nil using plastic intead of metal . My grandchild is not abusive with his toys ... he cherishes them and enjoys expressing his imagination.Very unhappy .
 My child loves this toy unfortunately it has been played with in our home for less than a month and the trailer has already broke . Why can we not have all metal toys instead of part metal and part plastic . There should be a plastic repair kit sent with every toy bought . The toys do not last very long anymore. : -LRB-
 too complicated to learn quickly in a session . too many steps , directions , etc. cute idea though . colorful and good quality of the cards .
 I purchased this item in a Thomas the Tank Engine version . While my son enjoyed the activities , the odor from the Suprize Ink was unbearable . The family had headaches and we had to wash my son 's room - walls , furniture , bedding , etc. . The stench was still there . We finally had to steam clean the carpet to remove it . I worry about the toxicity of the marker because of the strong odor . I do n't know if Barbie will have the same issues , but it is manufactured by the same company .
 I purchased the telescope , but have never been successful in using it . I do n't know if the telescope is defective , or if I just do n't understand the instructions .
 My three year old son wanted a case for all of his cars , and although this case holds a lot it is very difficult to use . He has a hard time opening and closing the case and the plastic road pad came off almost immediately . The cars also fall out when you wheel the case around and then open it again . I think he finds it very frustrating , but he does seem to enjoy putting the cars in and out . I 'm looking for a better case .
 I bought this for my son couple years ago . It does hold alot of cars and is a good idea but the flap broke instantly and when you try to wheel it around , the cars all fall out !
 I bought this toy at Toys `` R `` Us for the same price as it 's being sold here . After we got all the cars in we had a hard time closing the case because the cars fall out . The slots in the case are too small overall to fit most of our Hot Wheels cars and it wo n't hold the semi 's at all . My son does enjoy this product but I personally think it could have been better constructed . Matel could have done some testing before releasing such a shoddy product . I feel the clear car cases are a lot more sturdy and the sizes of the slots are better . I 'm not sure ; however , if they are made by Matel .
 This concept is a good idea but this product is not made well enough to hold up for active children . My 31/2 yr . old ca n't fit alot of his cars into it because the spaces are too small . The case itself does n't stay closed and the plastic road looking piece does n't stay attached . The wheels are bar that pulls out are durable but what good do they do you when the whole thing wo n't stay closed . The only thing my son thinks is fun about it is putting them in and taking them out -LRB- the ones that fit -RRB- . The educational value is organization and responsibility to pick up after themselves .
 This is fun and great idea for toddler who ca n't color very well . But it 's very costly since there are only about 10 special made pages that the invisible pen can drew on . Once your toddler is done with those 10 pages , then this book and pen is useless .
 this item was not as it was advertised i had trouble putting it together and it was so flimsy it feel apart the first time my daughter played with it , so I do not reccomend this item
 Not the best choice . I 've used three baby walkers with six kids -LRB- mine and my sister 's -RRB- . My favorites - the Galt Baby Walker - well balanced , easy for the child to stand up and push - manuvers well . I 've also used and love , the new Plan Toy Baby Walker - beautiful piece , all wood - easy to manuver - well balanced and easy for the child to use . We found the Radio Flyer Walker too heavy for a new walking toddler and impossible for the child to turn . Also not thrilled with the quality of the Radio Flyer Baby Walker now that it 's made in China - the wood finish is a bit rough on little hands .
 We purchased this wagon for our 18 month old son for Christmas . After my husband nearly pulled out his hair putting it together , our son was ready to walk with his new wagon . Unfortunately , in three short months of use , one of the side wood panels has broken leaving a nail exposed -LRB- thankfully , that piece is removable and I could throw it away -RRB- , several of the lugnuts have come off , and my son managed to take the pushbar off . I called Radio Flyer directly about this and they apologized and told me the side panel should not have broken like it did and that the push bar should have never come off . Those are the least of my concerns . I caught my son a few days ago right as he was going to put one of the lugnuts that have come loose again , in his mouth . That was the last straw for the wagon . I grew up with a Radio Flyer and I will give them another chance but not until my son is older and next time maybe we will buy a good old fashioned wagon . I do not recommend this wagon for any toddler .
 It is a beautiful wagon . BUT . Upon opening the box , the odor of paint and/or plastic was overwhelming . After assembly we decided to let it air out / off-gas for a few days , thinking it might have just been the new-from-the-factory smell . After five days it still emitted the same odor . We even posted a question on the radio flyer web site asking what materials , including paint type , were used . No response after a week . So we returned it and purchased another wooden walker , and there was no odor upon opening the box . The radio flyer is truly a good looking toy , and seems durable , however we did not feel comfortable having an infant play and live with it in the nursery .
 We bought this in December 2008 , and our son -LRB- now 12 months old -RRB- has loved it ever since . We really liked the clicking mechanism , since it helps keep a beginning walker from falling flat on his/her face.However , just today -LRB- almost 4 months later -RRB- , our son discovered a tapered bit of clear plastic on the floor -- measuring approximately 15 x 4 mm . After investigating , we found it had broken off of the clicker from one of the wheels on this wagon . This is a choking hazard , and was exactly the same problem resulting in a recall of this product in past years -LRB- up to 2005 -RRB- . The clicker has been re-engineered -LRB- the recalled ones were black , this one is clear -RRB- , but this problem seems identical to the one resulting in the prior recall.PLEASE BE CAREFUL IF YOU HAVE THIS PRODUCT ! I 've reported this to the CPSC , and will call Radio Flyer tomorrow during the day . I 'll post an update if I get more information . For now , we 've taken out the other clicker and thrown it away .
 This wagon is flawed in its design , and poses a huge choking hazard ! This product should be recalled immediately !!!!!!!!! The item page states in bold letters
 We were so very excited to get this for our son last Christmas -LRB- he was 1 -RRB- This Christmas we gladly -LRB- or sadly -RRB- put it in the giveaway pile . For a kid that is n't walking , maybe it would be helpful for them . But for us son , all it did is frustrate him . The biggest problem is that the wheels do n't turn . So unless you have a big house or large space where your child can just push it forward , well , then maybe it would work out for you . But our son would try to turn it , even a little and either he would fall over or he would tip the cart over . It is pretty sturdy and heavy , but whith a determined little boy it can still be tipped , especially when the wheels are locked in place . Also , the 4 fenced side comes off very easily , and that is what he liked the most . But if you do n't like clutter , then you wo n't like having to search for the sides constantly under the couch or rug or wherever your kiddo might try to hide them . It is super cute and I love the `` radio flyer '' products and the whole `` old fashion '' look . But if your child likes to maneuver trucks around , they will likely get frustrated with this too .
 Length :
 Hello Amazon , This little wagon is great . Our 8 month old daughter loves it and now that she 's learning to walk she can push it and stagger along with it . She also enjoys putting and taking things out of the wagon . All in all a great product . One thing though , we did n't get the correct part for the handlebar . Theres 's a metal dowel with a threaded end that we did n't receive . We have the handlebar it runs through , but no dowel . So , it falls out from the slightest yanking of a little baby . We would appreciate it if that part could be sent to us , since I 'd rather not return a wagon that I 've already put together .
 So disappointed when I got this . None of the pieces fit flush against each other . Directions to assemble were confusing and pieces were weak and crumbled . Product was made in China . The plastic wheel caps broke on day 1 already ! cheap and terrible . I ca n't believe the quality has fallen this far . Ca n't believe Amazon is carrying this !
 This wagon was much smaller than depicted in the pictures . A small child would be uncomfortable after a short period of time sitting in it , as the pictures showed . The dimensions were from wheel to wheel , not the body of the wagon . The age range was 1 to 4 , but a 2-year old will be too big for playing with this . It will probably be used as a decoration , rather than a toy . It was also missing the clicker . For the money , it was a huge disappointment .
 I was going to buy a couple of these , for my daughter and nephew but realized that the country of origin was not mentioned on the website . So I called and the customer support lady informed me that this and the little push car are made in china . Is anything from radio flyer made in the USA anymore ? Now I 'm just going to make the wagon at home , because I can and I do n't like making our trade deficit worse .
 My son received this wagon for his 1st birthday ; he played with it constantly -- mostly on a carpeted floor . It certainly helped him learn to walk -- the resistance feature was my primary attraction . However , after 8 days of normal play , the tip of one of the resistance pegs -LRB- the device that `` pushes back '' and prevents the wagon from flying out from under them -RRB- broke off -- my son found it before we did and had it in his mouth -- it was a piece 1 cm in length and .4 cm in width -- PERFECT for little mouths ! The very next day the tip of the other resistance peg broke off !! I have been in touch with Radio Flyer and the Consumer Product Safety Commission . There has been no resolution yet , although Radio Flyer is suggesting I had an isolated defect -LRB- I 'd be more likely to believe this if only ONE of the pegs had broken -- but both ?! -RRB- . The resistance pegs are crafted from hard plastic that can -LRB- did -RRB- become brittle ; it seems to me that a hard rubber composition would have been a safer alternative . I do n't expect toys to last forever , but I do expect that they wo n't present a choking hazard . This wagon is recommended for children ages 1-4 . Watch your little ones carefully when they play with this wagon !!!!!
 My son enjoys pushing this wagon back and forth across our den . I am sure he would enjoy pushing it around the rest of the house but a child ca n't turn corners with this toy . Some things we like about the wagon
 Hi , unfortunately , I have to ship this item back . Not because I do not like the way it looks or works . When I opened the box , I was surprised how wonderful this product was . Then I started to smell the paint . First I thought it is just because it is new and did not want to pay to much attention to it . Later , I took a closer look at the wheels - PVC ! That was it ! Now I kind of connected the smell of the paint . If they are using toxic PVC why would not they use a non safe paint ? I am returning it today .
 This product is nice enough but it is unnecessarily complicated to assemble . It must have taken my husband an hour and when I came by to check on him he was surrounded by hundreds of parts -- bolts , screws etc. etc. . Spending an hour assembling a wagon is not what a working parent wants to do at the end of the day ! Otherwise wagon seems fine , although to be clear we just got it .
 We got this push walker in hopes that the weight and bulkiness would give my daughter who is cruising the confidense to start walking with it . Unfortunately the non swivel wheels combined with the weight make it nearly impossible to turn for me , let alone my 11 month old . It is really sturdy and well built but the ` clickers ' that are supposed to give it resistance are to soft and they really dont work at all . -LRB- i think with all the complaints of the clickers breaking off and becoming a choking hazard they changed the compasition of the plastic to soft plastic so they cant break and in turn fails to its job . -RRB- I really do like this as a wagon to have the older , stronger kids play with and put things into but not very good for babies who are just starting to walk .
 It was given to my 7 yr . old as a gift . We thought , this will be the best ever . It was so poorly manufactured that we were n't even able to get it to function . When we tried to contact the company , we discovered that they have filed for bankruptcy so we a stuck holding the bag . AGAIN < DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !
 I warn all consumers to stay away from any product sold by Hobbytron . We 've had a nightmare experience with them . We received a defective remote control vehicle from them and there is no way to return it . They will not answer phone calls or emails . Once you purchase the toy from Hobbytron , you better hope it arrives in perfect condition because if it does n't , you 've wasted your money . You will NEVER be able to get in touch with them and they refuse to address any problems with their products .
 I ordered 6 Silverlit remote control helicopters from Hobbytron for Christmas presents . All were defective - they would not take a charge . Hobbytron would not give me credit . I returned all with tracking numbers -LRB- to the tune of $ 50 -RRB- . Numerous calls and e-mails went unanswered . I filed complaint with BBB which did bring a response . Finally , I found somone at HT who would look into the matter . When I tried to contact him again , it seems he quit or was fired . I left another message for Kev Kouyoumjian -LRB- the owner and instigator of bad policy -RRB- to return my call on this matter . Still no response . I also filed a complaint with Visa and just got word that Visa is refunding my purchase money . I do n't know how a company like this can stay in business .
 I ordered it online 2 weeks ago and did not yet received - they are still processing ... What else one need to understand that this company is the worst
 My child LOVED the car , but it is not durable at all . Remote works part-time , at best . We have other remote cars in the house and they all work much better than this one . We took the first one back , thinking we got a bad model , but the second one was the same , if not worse . We are taking the second one back to buy a completely different car .
 This is the worst piece of junk I have ever purchased . The antenna was broken when we took it out of the box , both doors feel off , and then you had to find a screwdriver versitile enough to put the batteries on the inside of the car . I was at the store the morning after Christmas getting my money back . This certainly was n't worth the hype .
 This toy is a good idea but quality is poor . My daughter got it for Christmas and loved it - until the pieces started breaking the next day . We have had the toy 2 weeks and three pieces are now broken . My daughter did not throw the pieces - just put them together and played .
 After seeing the walking horse , I could not wait to see this one jump , I thought , on it 's own which is not the case . When you pull the back legs the front legs pull back and the horse makes a noise . I thought it was a little deceiving , and was disappointed . The one positive remark is that the horse and Barbie are pretty .
 My daughter & friends LOVED the original Tawny . That finally gave out & I thought it would be fun to replace it with this one which looked a bit more updated ... WRONG !!!! This does nothing unless the child does it , my 5 yr old looked at me and asked why it did n't walk or jump by itself.Stick with the original one , lots more fun to play with .
 This is a joke . The remote controller is maldesigned . The battery pack is to deep which means that the batteries do not have acurate contact . The result is that it does not work . I had to modifiy the thing myself just to get it to go half the time . Quality is also cheap . The door broke off the first day . The dolls from the same company are equally cheap -LRB- not the price but the quality -RRB- . Dont buy this product you 'll regret any penny you spend on it . Do n't they bather to test their toys to see if it actaully works ?
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I would say , do n't do it . If you really feel you want this car -LSB- ... -RSB- The remote control on this car sucks . You have to push both buttons up and it gets confusing when you want it to go left or right . You do n't get smooth turns . You get alot of spin-outs . And it might scratch your floors.But if you just want to play with it and not drive much , then it 's cool to get . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Imagine my 10 year old 's disappointment on Christmas morning when the only thing she really wanted did n't work !! It took my husband 1/2 an hour to get the batteries into the car then the remote only worked when touching the antennae . She had to crawl around touching the car and then it only crept along slowly.We took it back and did n't even bother to get our batteries back because it was too much trouble . Save your money !!
 I bought this toy for my daughter and it did not work right . It did n't move around good at all . The car is cute , but a total waste if you really want a moveable vehicle . I already gave it away !
 This is a cute , stylish , fun-looking car . It stops there , the RC TAGG car is nice but a waste . The car eats up batteries , is to bulky or big for the hand when it comes to pushing , picking-up , and carrying and is too tightly built or constructed ; the doors and all keep popping off and there is no simple neat way to open them - hook , space , latch , or tab is not there , it is really difficult to open unsrew for the AA batteries , the wheels/tires do not turn in or out enough and some of my Bratz dolls have to be footless or have a flat hair style to fit into the car . If you just want it for decoration -LRB- collecting -RRB- the great by all means go on and get it but other than that hold on to your receipt .
 This car is flimsy and the antenna broke trying to free it so we gave it one star for durability and one for fun but we did n't get that far . Planning to buy one for that special someone ? First , shred the box ! Trust me - it 's necessary . Next , mutter insanely as you try to untwist tight little balls of wire to find the ends . -LRB- sadists -RRB- As you poke the untwisted wires back through the box , note that the wheels on the back side of the box are each affixed with two - one on bottom , one on back - and that you will have to turn the box every which way to free them . You can peek in the wheelwell to see which to remove first but it did n't work for me . They were tangled . When I finally removed the car , there was tape and plastic all over still to be wrestled off . After all that , the antenna did n't survive . It is hanging loose and no longer affixed to the inner body of the car ; a likely victim of my attempt to free the car from the package . What a bummer . It 's Christmas and my daughter ca n't play with it . It 's not the threaded type you can replace , and the end is not in an accessible location either . The car now sits in a taped up box , awaiting return . I will only get another if she insists but I 'm not looking forward to unpacking it !
 This plane was very difficult to put together . Several members of the family worked on it , but it never could be assembled in a way that allowed it to work well .
 I bought this as a beginner plane . The directions were not great and written in broken English . It does n't appear to have the power to take off from the ground and had to be hand thrown . Every time I tried to take off from the ground , it would automatically veer off in one direction or the other and crash without even taking flight . Also , the rear rudder is held onto the tail by tape -LRB- as in clear packing tape -RRB- . The tail is very flimsy and broke during the first flight attempt . The wings fare a little better , but they are foam and broke in half as well .
 We actually bought two of them and they lasted one flight each . Wings broke upon landing and replacement parts are not available as far as I can determine . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Our son was VERY excited to get this plane , and he used birthday money to do so . Unfortunately the plane was very low quality . Putting it together was difficult since the parts did n't fit properly , and the instruction manual was written by someone that does not speak english , therefore , very hard to understand and follow . Also there were parts missing . Once assembled as best as we could with what we had , the plane never got off the ground . The plane broke it 's propeller mount and a wing after the one attempt at a launch . What an incredilble disappointment ! We do not recomend this plane at all . We ended up going to a local hobby shop that sells planes they stand behind as well as all replacement parts should something break .
 I recieved this a gift . When I was putting it together , I realized that it was a real piece of junk , that it would not fly very well , if at all , and would not survive a rough landing , much less a crash . This is another example of a piece of Chinese made junk . Do n't waste your money .
 We were very excited to get this plane . Unfortunately the plane was very low quality . Putting it together was difficult since the parts did n't fit properly . Also there was one important part missing , the bushing for the propeller setup . We replaced it ourselves . Once assembled the plane never got off the ground . We tried the `` fly out of hand '' part described in the manual -LRB- the manual itself was very poorly done -RRB- . With a throttle of 70 % as recommended , the plane came down - nose first . We tried from higher ground with the same effect . The plane broke it 's wing and propeller mount after the third attempted launch . What a disappointment !
 Not worth the 50 U$ . only flights 2D . To go up one needs to give more power . No wing control ! For 70 U$ one can buy airplanes that flight in all directions !
 This plane is a piece of junk ! Do n't waste your money . No repair parts -LRB- you will need them -RRB- . Try the parkzone Champ or the Hobbyzone Super Cub . Far better than this . No product support .
 We bought this plane in good faith as we are beginners . When we started assembling it the instructions were in broken English and very difficult to understand and two parts were missing . We finally managed to assemble it and took it outside and followed the instructions to the letter . We had four attempts of throw starting it using 70 % throttle and on every attempt the plane just nose dived . On the fourth attempt the wing broke off as it is very flimsy and the tail broke off . We are very disappointed in this product and would warn all against it . We tried to get our money back from Hobby Planet.co.uk but they say the item can not be returned as it has been used !! We are now out of pocket with no plane !
 if you are going to get into r/c airplanes/go to local hoddie shop and look and ask ? then order online i remend the night vapor by parkzone you can get parts made to fly indoors or outdoors no wind slow flyer good for begginer on r/c helicopters a good toy is the saym 107 i9t flys well and will take a crash i have hit the wall , dog , wife , door almost indistuable
 This plane was a huge disappointment . It never flew . The propeller assembly broke the first time we tried it . Do not buy this product .
 WHEN MY SON AND I GOT THE PLANE WE STARTED TO ASSEMBLE IT.PLANE IS VERY FLIMSY , HOWEVER THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO TO FIX THAT BUT FIRST MY OVERALL REVIEW.WE ORDERED THE PLANE FROM AMAZON WHO I WILL NEVER USE AGAIN , THE TAIL RUDDER MOTOR DID NOT WORK OUT OF THE BOX.WHEN I READ THE AMAZON PAGE IT SAID THAT IF I WAS JUST DOING AN EXCHANGE THAT THEY WOULD TAKE CARE OF IT.NOT THE CASE.WHEN I SPOKE TO THE LADY FROM AMAZON SHE TOLD ME `` WE ARE LIKE A MALL '' `` AND IF YOU BOUGHT SOMETHING FROM SEARS YOU WOULD NOTRETURN IT TO THE CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTER WOULD YOU '' `` SO YOU MUST RETURN IT TO NTF GIFTS `` NTF GIFTS SAID THEY WOULD REPLACE IT OR REFUND MY MONEY MINUS % 25 RESTOCKING FEE EVEN THOUGH THE PLANE CAME TO ME BROKE.I HAD TO PAY THE S&H ; BACK , AND AMAZON SAID THAT THEY WOULD REPAY ME FOR THAT ... SURE THEY WILL.SO I WOULD TELL PEOPLE NEVER NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM AMAZON !!!! AND ALSO NEVER NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM NTF GIFTS !!!!! BOTH OF THOSE PLACE 'S SUCK ... SO TO GET BACK TO THE PLANE IF YOU END UP WITH ONE OF THESE PLANES HERE 'S WHAT YOU CAN DO TO MAKE IT ALITTLE BETTER .1 . TAPE THE WINGS WITH 2 '' INCH PACKING TAPE .2 . WRAP 2 '' INCH PACKING TAPE AROUND THE TALE OF THE PLANE.THIS WILL MAKE BOTH THE WINGS AND THE TALE MUCH MUCH STRONGER .3 . THE RUDDER IS FLIMSY SO USE A STAPLE AS KINDA OF A HINGE , THAT HELPS ALOT .4 . YOU NEED TO MOVE THE BATTERY AS CLOSE TO THE FRONT OF THE PLANE AS YOU CAN SINCE THE PLANE IS TAIL HEAVY . . WELL GUY I HOPE THIS HELPS SOMEONE ... BUT ONCE AGAIN DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON OR NTF GIFTS ... BUY STRAIGHT FROM THE WEB SITE ...
 This is another heng long toy my friend bought this for me for my bday this a piece of crap why would some one make this is very very cheap and stupid ,
 I flew this plane once it lost controll and fell nose first brike into 4 peices i put it back together took it back out and propeller broke in half and i cant find were to get anouther one wast of money
 My daughter loves having these in the tub . BUT the only thing she does with them is try to drink out of them . The water also rarely turns the wheel unless poured directly on it . If you do n't mind your kids drinking the bath water they will love these . If you do I suggest finding something else .
 I actually bought this for my daughter its good quality , but i hoping it was medium sized stuffed animal but it wasnt . its really small .
 Normally I am a big fan of the little tikes name , but not so with this product . I bought this for my 21/2 year old daughter and although the concept is cute , it is not like other Little Tikes products . To begin with , the train frequently comes off the track . Also to activate it , you must press the button where the conductor goes . However , it is difficult for my daughter to place the figure on this spot without it falling off . She often presses the button in the process which activates the train while she is still trying to put the figure on it which frustrates her . Since this is geared for toddlers , you would think that Little Tikes would have put the button to activate the motion in a different spot from where the figures go . Also , at age 21/2 she is quickly bored with it . She has more fun letting it go on the floor across the room than riding on the track . Needless to say , it is going back . The only good feature is that you can `` pack it and go '' for away from home fun .
 This was a fun and very portable toy for my 18-month-old son . Unfortunately , the elephant noise quit working after about 6 weeks of play , and then the monkey noise stopped working about 2 weeks later . Also , the train easily comes off the track , but my son loves playing with the train that way , too . He 's very disappointed that the animals are now quiet .
 I am a big fan of tike as well and thought that this set would be perfect first train for my daughter who is 22 months and later my baby who is now 5 months ... Also before I made the decision of buying this , not only I looked around , but also read the reviews and bought it based on the ratings of this product.Tikes has the reputation of making toys targeted to toddlers , but this thing is boring , DOES come off the rails when making the turn , we have to keep putting it back ; you try to put the driver and the train just goes off ; and to make it worst it stops after one round , so that when the kids are getting the hang of it and are ready to watch , it has to be started again ... The only good thing is that it is portable by just folding it , and that is what I am doing
 I would give this toy a 0 if it was an option . When you unfold the tiny track and get the train going , it ca n't even make one corner turn without coming off the track ! The train is too big for the sharp corners and it either sticks or completey comes off the track . This is very frustrating for my kids and I can not believe they even put this on the market ? You ca n't even get it to stay in the track when you manually push it . I am just bummed that we threw away the box before we put in batteries and saw how bad this toy really is.We wanted this toy for portability . Our kids also have the GeoTrax Working Railway , which is awesome , but not as portable .
 We bought my son this as his first train toy when he was 14 months old . It held his interest a bit , but , I found it frustrating that it fell off the track a lot -LRB- even just out of the box -RRB- . We 've gotten other trains since , as we 've discovered he has a great love of trains . GeoTrax from Fisher Price is a good one . As I buy more toys over the years , I 've also discovered that sometimes Little Tykes subsidiaries do not live up to their name -LRB- I have a Little Tykes Piano that broke in 1 month and even the replacement they sent is not great -RRB- .
 The train on this toy is cute and my son like the noises and animals . The track is another story . It looks very cheap but worst of all , there is no mechanism to keep it unfolded . When my son would pick up the track it would fold and his fingers often got caught in the folds . I actually pinched my fingers in it a couple times myself .
 This thing is junk . It looks cute and our son was very excited when he received it for Christmas , but we quickly learned we had wasted our money . The battery compartment has never fit very well , even after screwing it down as tight as we could . So it constantly shorts out and has just gotten worse over time . When my son actually does get it on the track right -LRB- which is NOT as easy as it should be for a toddler toy ! -RRB- the stupid thing just derails at a turn . The figures do n't stay on well , the stickers are already peeling off and the orange roof pops off the little building at the slightest touch . It does n't even fold up easy and is hard to lay back out after it has been folded . Overall it is very disappointing , especially for a little tikes toy .
 I saw this toy and thought , `` This is cute ! '' , It comes with three little figures and plays sounds.WRONG !!! Wish I saved my money or bought something else ! The track is very flimsy and sees like it would snap in half if it was handled wrong , `` major flaw of a kids toy '' . Second the train gets `` stuck '' on turns and falls off the track . It is also hard for a child to get the train back on the track . It will ride with out the track -LRB- only plus -RRB- . A very frustrating toy for kids and adults . Buy something else !
 I purchased this train set for my 11/2 year old nephew but I let my 41/2 year old daughter `` test '' it first and boy am I glad I did . The only positive this toy has is the fold and go feature and I 'm not even sure how long that would hold up . As soon as we took it out of the box and unfolded the tracks the plastic had severe markings on the plastic from the stress of being folded and unfolded . When we put the train on the tracks and turned it on the train kept coming off the tracks and my 41/2 year old had trouble getting it back on track . There is no way a 11/2 year old could do it . Very frustrating and not a play alone toy .
 I bought this for my 2 year old with a gift card she recieved . Shortly after buying , the sounds from the animals stopped working . Since I 'm a hands on kinda guy , I decided to take a quick peak inside to see if I could fix it . There are very small/thin wires connecting the animal car to the train engine . They were completely severed . There was no way to fix it , so into the garbage it went . My daughter was sad to see it go , but no sense holding onto junk.Don ' t waste your money and save the landfill - Do n't buy this product .
 I bought this toy for my 23 month old son who loves cars and trains right now . The track itself is flimsy and we had a hard time getting it to stay open . My son was frustrated that he could not take apart the two parts of the train . He was interested in this toy for about 2 minutes before he went and got an old toy out of his toy box . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This is a cheaply made item that does n't work well . The box does n't close properly as the wood is unevenly cut and placed together . Also , the figures , etc. . . inside are pretty poorly done . For the cheap price , you ca n't go wrong but I 'd rather spend more and get something better quality .
 I liked this the least of the series . Generally , I think these little music boxes and most charming and whimsical .
 This product was so cheap looking ! It was n't worth a dime . I am very disappointed !
 The kids -LRB- ages 6 to 9 -RRB- were interested in this toy somewhat , but after assembling it twice , -LRB- because it blew apart the first time -RRB- , and then assembling it again the second time it blew apart after running for 20 minutes or so . The spring case was subsequently cracked and is now useless . The toy would have some usefulness if it worked properly , but is now consigned to a box of gears & spare parts . This was a sad end for this Christmas present .
 My 6 year old was able to assemble the clock with some assistance . We both had fun learning how the different gears go together to make the minute and hour hands move . We assembled the clock in about 40 min , even though the directions are not perfectly clear . They are in black and white and many of the instructions discuss colored parts , so the figures are not that helpful . Also , the images do not always show enough detail on where the parts go.The kids went to sleep with the clock ticking away in their room . The next morning they woke us up early to report the clock had stopped . I thought maybe the spring did n't last a full 24 hours , so I wound it again . This did n't help . The pendulum would stop in a few seconds after restarting it . It seemed like there was too much friction between the plastic gears and their plastic shafts , so I tried to disassemble the clock to try to lubricate the moving surfaces . When I took the face off , the spring , still being under full tension , rapidly detensioned with a loud noise . After that , the clock would not wind again . After a few turns , there 's a loud click and the spring loses tension . I have n't tried to take the spring apart , but I seriously doubt I can fix that.So , the clock is great if you want to see how the parts go together . It even has some very nice features , such as an adjustable pendulum length to make it run faster or slower . It has a bell that dings on the quarter hour . But , the durability is terrible . So , expect broken hearts when it fails after the first day . I definitely would not recommend this as a toy for kids .
 The product seems to be well designed from an educational point of view - my daughter -LRB- almost turned 8 -RRB- assembled it with no help what-so-ever . However , winding it up to much -LRB- even actually not that much -RRB- causes it to -LRB- a -RRB- literally blow apart from stress and -LRB- b -RRB- strip part of the main spring gear . Stripping the gear makes the toy useless . A new manufacturing run either with a redesign to lower the stress or with an improvement of the strength of parts would make this toy into an award winner .
 The colors on this shape sorter are beautiful . The pieces and the box seem extremely durable too . The problem with this sorter is that several of the animals fit in holes other than those they belong in . For instance , the bird fits into the hole meant for the whale . Despite the poor design , my young son enjoys playing with this toy but it 's definitely not a true shape sorter . It can probably be better used as a means to teach animals .
 I thought this would blend well with HO track bed . But there does seem to be a bit of a hight difference and flexibility issue .
 I purchased this for my grandson . From the pictures it looked like a great learning toy . Since it is a puzzle each piece comes loose so it is near impossible to try and button , zip , etc. even if they did work . The zipper would n't zip , the seat belt latch would not release , in fact the only thing that worked like you expected was the snap . Major disappointment for a Melissa and Doug toy .
 the fact that each task was a was a puzzle as well detracted from it 's appeal . The pieces came out and were not as &#34; usable &#34; because they came out . Would have been better if it was one solid board with tasks to perform on it .
 I bought this toy to help my son learn to tie his shoes . It is very difficult to perform the individual tasks -LRB- botton , zipper , etc -RRB- because it is a puzzle and the pieces obviously come out . Even if you take each pieces out and try to perform the task , it is impossible to keep the pieces stationary/still while trying to tie or button -LRB- as the task itself requires two hands -RRB- . My child is a very independantand wanted to be able to it himself . However , it is impossable as it takes a 2nd person to hold the pieces steady so he can practice tying , buttoning , etc. . That being said , all three of my children enjoy the puzzle aspect of this toy .
 I got this puzzle because I love every other Melissa and Doug puzzle we have ever had and I thought it would be great for my son to practice using some of these skills . I was SO disappointed with the quality of the parts . The wood and puzzle part is fine , but the parts like the zipper are just cheap . I have a hard time getting it to zip - there is no way my preschooler could do it . Also the plastic clip is really hard and the button hole is not big enough to get the button through easily . On top of all the parts being hard the idea of having all of these things on a puzzle piece so it is not fixed down on a surface makes it even harder to do . Do n't waste your money - you can find fabric books that have these skills on etsy.com or at craft shows that are so much better .
 I thought my kids would love this one , but the buckles and snaps were too hard for them to do . I could barely get them to buckle and button , much less a child under 5 . Older children might be able to do it , but older kids probably wo n't be very entertained by buckles and snaps !!
 Buttons , tongues , snaps ... too small , too tight , needing too much strength . If I barely have the strength , how can a three year old ? She gave it a once over and no longer plays with it .
 I thought this puzzle would help my 3 year old learn dressing skills like buttoning and snapping . If the pieces were attached permanently to the board , it would be much easier for him to use . I even have difficulty working with the pieces . As it is a puzzle , my son ends up asking me to hold them so he can attempt to try the skill . This means he ca n't work on them solo and ends up very frustrated when he tries . The big chunky plastic zipper does n't zip smoothly and you need more than 2 hands to do it . The button cloth is tight so it 's difficult to bring the 2 pieces together to button . Same goes for the clip . The sides are too short & barely reach each other . The snap is flimsy plastic . etc. .
 Do n't buy this - you 'll be disappointed . I 've been searching for a ` skills ' book and found this puzzle by Melissa and Doug . I really really wanted to love it , but ended up hating it and returning it . My son can do and undo every buckle in our house and stroller , except this one . This buckle requires a lot of hand-strength to squeeze it open and he 's not able to do this buckle . The belt material is so stiff it 's hard to thread through the 2nd half of the buckle . The button you have to pull the fabric together very tightly to get the button to go through the buttonhole . The zipper comes undone at the bottom and you have to pull the fabric together tightly and it 's difficult to get the zipper back on while holding the fabric -LRB- the fabric is riveted to the puzzle piece without much give -RRB- . Only the lacing and the snap are satisfactory , but that 's 2 of 6 skills . My MIL has some old-fashioned soft-books with skills on each page - i think I 'll borrow those for a while or even make my own with zippers/buttons/buckles / velcro cut off of out-grown clothes .
 I bought this for my two year old . I had n't realized it was a puzzle -LRB- that was my fault -RRB- . The pieces not being held down makes them even harder to manipulate . In addition the buttons , snaps , etc. are all so stiff that I have hard time doing and undoing them ... there is no way she can do them.I 'd suggest getting a different type of skills board/stuffed animal . I 'll be buying her a different one for her birthday .
 I love the quality of Melissa and Doug products , but they didnt quite think this one through . It is quite difficult for me , yet alone my toddler to use this because the pieces are not stationary , Like other reviews will probably glue them down to me good use of it .
 Nearly impossible for an adult to make any of these fasteners work , so definitely impossible for a child . Low quality materials . Giving this to goodwill within two weeks of purchase .
 Mother of six and I love Melissa and Doug ... This item however is terrible . My child can do 24 piece puzzles almost alone but still not the fixtures on the puzzle pieces ! No slack , bad geometry , they tried but not a go .
 Let me preface by saying that I usually LOVE Melissa and Doug products , and that they are usually well-made and nicely constructed . However , this one misses the boat , because some of the items are simply using cheap materials that are difficult to fasten and unfasten . Quality fasteners would have solved this . -LRB- snap , buckle , and belt are the specific items that are difficult for a little one to do -- even I have a hard time with the dog-collar styled buckle . -RRB-
 I had always heard Melissa & Doug toys were made in the USA , so when I saw them on sale , thought I 'd buy some for my grandchild ... Did n't know they are made in China now ... with all the problems with dead dogs & cats from bad food/treats , with lead in paint used in toys and drywall/sheet rock problems from China -LRB- besides why help support China -RRB- ... had I known , I 'd have never bought them ... did n't know until the presents were opened so I ca n't return them ... They burned well in the fireplace -LRB- hope the smoke I did n't kill any birds flying overhead -RRB- Will never buy another toy from this company
 WE 've had this around the house with triplets for years and it has not been a useful tool for any of them . We got it when they were two and it went in the trash when they were 4.5 . The pieces come out when you 're trying to do the tasks . One person suggested taking the pieces out to do the tasks , but then there is not enough bulk to provide resistance . The clip was so difficult I could barely get it undone . I think that 's actually why I threw it out instead of donating it because it clipped one of the kids ' fingers pretty badly .
 An uncle gave this to my young kids -LRB- 5 and under -RRB- . I was pleased when I saw it . But it ended up in the thrift store pile within months . Because this puzzle can not be stacked in the closet -LRB- to bumpy -RRB- , it was always out . Because the pieces are straight edged , the puzzle is never together , always in pieces . Because there is no reason to buckle a buckle on a piece of wood -LRB- rather than doll clothes for example -RRB- the buckle was uninteresting . Same with the button , zipper , snap , etc. . Why sit around snapping a snap on a piece of colored wood ? It just does n't make sense . And of course I spent my time trying to find the pieces all the time -LRB- not because the kids played with it EVER , but because the thing got accidentally turned over , or kicked in the play room -RRB- . Finally I could n't take it anymore . There is no point in making a `` dress up puzzle '' . Its dumb . Cute , but dumb . What ever happened to Dressy Bessy ? I must have bucked , tied and zipped her clothes a billion times in the 70s .
 So typically Melissa and Doug toys are great . I was pretty disappointed with this purchase . The closures are not easily manipulated because of the size . Zipper is too chunky , laces are to thick to tie well , buckle is WAY to hard to un-buckle -LRB- might loosen with time -RRB- , flap for the button is to short ... Pretty bummed overall . Its not going to break anytime soon though cause we do n't play with it . : -LCB-
 I 'm very disappointed in this product . The pieces were actually difficult for me or my husband to handle , let alone our toddler - who by the way is a master at zippers and latches . I 'm a big fan of other M&D products , but wish we had n't wasted our money on this one . Thankful for one other reviewer 's idea of gluing the pieces to the board in hopes that will make it at least a bit easier to work with .
 I purchased the basic skills board to help my 3-year-old learn to tie , snap , zip , clip , button and buckle . It 's a bust . He does n't use it because the functions are n't secured to the base . It 's difficult to teach these skills when they 're not stationary . And it 's large , heavy and cumbersome for him . Being a puzzle just adds to the confusion of its function . I 'm going to glue the pieces into place and mount the board to a wall . I think this will turn it into an investment rather than a waste of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I originally bought this because my twin daughters needed to learn the basic skills of tying laces , buttoning , etc. . But the fact that it 's also a puzzle just confuses things -- it 's almost impossible to perform these tasks when you already KNOW how to do them if the underlying surface is not stationary , let alone learn to do them . I can not BELIEVE the idiocy of this design . Whoever did this does not have children , was never exposed to them , and did not think about what they would probably do with this . Instead of learning new skills , as I had hoped , they immediately scattered these useless bits of wood about our house , as I knew they would as soon as I opened it . Who did n't see that coming ? I would never have purchased this if I knew it came apart , but it was enclosed in tight cellophane and did n't say . I thought it was a solid board , and really , that would have made sense . Being a puzzle does n't . Do n't waste your money .
 If this were just a puzzle to dress a bear , it would be fine . But , as others have mentioned , the functional pieces are hard to manipulate individually since they 're removable.The most difficult thing I found is that the functions do n't even work very well . Perhaps it 's just mine , but it takes a good amount of pressure to unsnap the snapped pocket . The plastic zipper is actually kind of hard to manipulate . If you zip it up and down , it 's ok , but still rough . If you completely unzip , it 's hard to adjust back on to the zipper . The belt buckle is a pain as well . And , the clip is ridiculously hard to unbuckle . I actually had a really difficult time with that . The laces are laces , so that 's not an issue.My 4 year old son has found no enjoyment in this . Because it was hard for me to handle these functions , I did n't even try to get him to try ... which I know will result in a tantrum of frustration . It 's a cute concept , but bad design.I gave it 2 stars because it is cute , as just a puzzle .
 I love Melissa and Doug products , but this puzzle is not up to their typical standards . It is too difficult for an adult to complete , let alone a 3 year old child . It is a great concept and looks fun with bright colors . My child enjoys putting the puzzle together , but I would not recommend the product for a young child to help learn basic skills . Here are a few specific issues with it : - belt buckle is too tight , so impossible to undo-button and zipper there is not enough fabric space to do it-plastic buckle is facing the wrong direction and too tight to open-pieces pop out , which makes it difficult to accomplish the learning task
 This is a piece of junk - the cars are supposed to hook together and be able to be dragged along by an 18 month old . The problem with this is , the cars do n't LATCH together -LRB- they do n't click into place -RRB- - they just set one car upon another . This means that when the child tries to pull the cars , he or she just ends up pulling the front car out , dumping the Winnie the Pooh character on the floor , and swinging the front car in the air . The ONLY way to get this to roll along on the floor is to pull the string along , parallel to the floor . The only child you could convince to do that would be older than 2 , if not 3 . And at that point , this toy is a little beneath them.Terrible , stupid design . I 'm glad I got it as a gift , I would have hated to have spent any money on it .
 I thought it looked like a great toy , but some of the locks are too hard for even the three year old to open , and one of them does n't `` lock '' at all . I think it is missing a part or is defective . The children do not seem to like it at all , as it is frustrating , and the animals behind the doors are not interesting to them .
 My 2 year old twins love this latch board but on 2 different occasions we have a BIG finger ouchies . I do n't know if this could be designed better or not but we will no longer be playing with it .
 My son tries to manipulate the latches and just gets pinched ! It works great with older children who already have the fine motor skills to work the puzzle , but that kind of defeats the point ? The younger kids -LRB- 8 months to 3 years -RRB- were just pinched and hated it and the older kids -LRB- 4-6 -RRB- solved it within a few minutes and never touched it again.The only good thing that came out of this toy is that my 8 month old learned the sign for `` hurt '' after the second time pinching himself . Do n't waste your money .
 The quality is merely okay in a typical I-don ` t-like-M & D ; but I did n't want to buy the nice one from Tag Toys which I probably should have because it least it would have a useful lifespan and not make it to the dump in 3 years . We bought it when DS was 2 he mastered all but one quickly and it ended up in storage at Grandma 's house . On the plus side , if you shove it hard it fits into the M&D ; storage piece with two different puzzle sizes , not the one with spaces for a single type of puzzle . And even with gentle play it looks sad with torn bits.I think something with zippers/snaps/buttons / latches would have been more interesting . M&D ; also makes one but it has even worse reviews than the latches board.These are the Tag Toys ones
 I love almost all Melissa and Doug puzzles , but I wo n't let this one into my house . It strikes me as insane to teach your child to circumvent all of the latches we use to protect our adult things and keep children safe.That being said this puzzle would be great for older children or special needs children who need work on fine motor skills . Still I would n't use it until your child understands and respects limits .
 While this product will help children with their fine motor skills , it really is an invitation for them to find similar latches around the home and try to get into things that are latched for a reason !
 Too boring for the average child . Puzzle pieces are not challenging , colors are blah and pictures are generic . There are many other choices to spend your money on .
 I bought this board for my 18 mo old son and for my 3.5 yr-old nephew . Manufacturer 's recommended age is 3 yrs + . The 3.5 yr old opened all locks practically on the first try and the 18 mo old opened all but 2 after several tries . Now that he knows whats behind each door he is not interested in playing . My son has a pretty short attention span yet and he likes being with people way more than with toys . So perhaps I just got unlucky with this purchase but my impression is it is not challenging / interesting enough .
 This come up in the 1yr age range . It 's not for a 1yr . My grandson could not do this and it was heavy could hunt himself with it .
 This puzzle was in my 21/2 yr . old daughter 's daycare room . Somehow she got her finger caught in the latch , and it tore the skin off the bottom and top of her finger . The daycare moved the puzzle to the 4-5 yr . old room after this incident .
 This one is hard to rate b/c I agree w / all the other reviewers that this is a fun toy ; however , I have safety concerns that some might want to know about.After reading the reviews -LRB- thank you as I realy on these -RRB- & being a Melissa & Doug fan , I was excited about this board . I am rating this low b/c first off , the whole board looked to be covered in saw dust or something which was very strange.Normally , Melissa & Doug items are great , but on this the metal edges on the latches seem very sharp & potentially dangerous . The board is also pretty heavy so depending on the age of your child -LRB- ren -RRB- this could be an issue -LRB- ironically the nice part of it being heavy is that it is probably more durable -RRB- . As many others have reviewed , I do think this is a fun toy & something they want to play with , but due to it being covered in sawdust & having sharp metal edges I think it is dangerous & would not recommend . Maybe I received a used or defective board , but wanted to share especially about the metal latches being sharp.Overall , it is a fun toy no question as a lot of the other reviewers say , but safety is most important & I would not recommend this item .
 I do n't know how this toy got that many high ratings . I 'm a very frequent Amazon buyer and value ratings a lot . So when I found this toy I decided to give it a try for the high ratings -LRB- we were looking for a nice entertaining toy for our first road trip -RRB- and got it for my two year old son . The idea is nice but the execution is very poor . All the locks on this toy actually are not locks at all . They do n't even stay closed if you just pick the toy up and walk with it . # 3 and # 6 are the loose ones . Then there is # 2 which even I could n't open and was almost breaking a nail trying to open it . We had to loosen it -LRB- buy just pushing and pulling -RRB- before giving it to my son but even then it was way too tight . Maybe it 's specific to the one we got but still that 's not good . The other 3 locks are much more fit for purpose . But the quality of the paint is horrible as well . I 've read reviews of other Melissa & Doug products any many parents were complaining about the paint peeling and that 's why I stayed clear of them till this time . Well shame on me I guess for not listening to my instincts and paying this much for this toy . In the car my son fell asleep with this toy on his lap and after just a couple drops of drool the wood lost its shape and the color is gone in that area so you have to keep any kind of water away from this toy which is very hard around toddlers . I would definitely not recommend this toy .
 We received this as a gift for our two year old . We thought , at first , what fun ! Little did we know what was about to happen ... Within a few days of playing with this toy regularly , our toddler had figured out how to manipulate the various locks on the puzzle and translated that knowledge to the SAME locks that we used on cabinets , cupboards , closets and doors within our home !! So in short , the same good quality one comes to associate with M&D products ... but in my opinion , poorly thought out on their part unless their intent was to assist toddlers in their escape plans !
 Let your child practice these skills on real items , or better yet , on this toy at daycare or preschool . Many preschools have something similar .
 My daughter loves doing and undoing latches . Although this toy does have those , the brass is rather garish and some of the hinges are really loose and/or too tight . The puzzle is really bulkey and heavy . So far , my daughter likes playing with this , but in my opinion , this puzzle is over priced .
 Some of these locks are enough of a challenge but others just fall open almost without any help at all . The chain one and the hook and loop one never stay locked for a child to unlock them . This is too easy for any children to do more than a few times .
 I expected what was pictured but should have read the description better - it 's actually quite small - a 2 inch oval that is about 1/4 inch thick - really small . ok , but not as expected .
 had it 10 plus days , been trying since day 1 to get a responce from bachman about bad power track , no luck . calls and e-mail no responce . buy this train for kids xmas , they can always play with the box.guess i can disassemble their EZ track and solder the connections to track as problem seems to be the connection from spades on track to the rails . just what i needed more things to do with the time i just do n't have .
 it was broken when i got it the transforn is too week and i can only use it for show .
 These fighting figures are difficult to place on their stands and once they are , they basically crumble at the slightest touch . They are also diffcult to wind back up . The manufacturers should have followed the `` Jurassic Park '' models for fighting raptors . Those were well articulated and really took a beating.Don ' t waste your money on this one !
 This lunch box was exactly what I was looking for but I was dissapointed when I opened it and it smelled of cigarettes . It smells so bad I will probably return it . I ca n't imagine putting my daughter 's food in it.I 've bought many things from Amazon including another lunch box and this has never happened before .
 We played this for about half an hour , then we were bored and quit . The instructions are too brief , and do not explain well enough how you play . The game provides `` factories '' and `` chunks '' in only one color each , so how do you know who bought a property ? And what is the rent ? It does n't say . How do you use the Satisfaction cards ? The instructions do n't say . How do you buy a mortgage and why would you want to ? It does n't say . How do you buy chocolate chunks and why would you ? It does n't say . Once you have four chunks on a property , you can buy a factory , but how do you get four chunks on a property ? It does n't say . Finally , we quit . This game is very pretty but without decent instructions , we ca n't play it . It 's going to Goodwill .
 This lunchbag is cute but when you have food -LRB- a sandwich and juice box -RRB- and try to hold the handle the bag flys open . the velcro is not strong enough to keep the lid closed . This would of been better if it was held closed by more than a piece of velcro .
 I uess this works on RC cards . I aksed for TS-27 Matt White -LRB- Flat White -RRB- I get a answer to this . heck NO WRONG . these people should read the details . I did not ask for RC paint . if I was I will beasking for it . Not so smart in customer service I seeI can not use this paint . Its the wrong paint for the wrong job.plastic kits do not use this paint . what is the seller thinking . Dose not know there own product ?
 The Card Tray does not rotate . I should have just bought a stationarycard tray . I feel like I got ripped off .
 This unit does not hold two decks on one side but it does hold two decks if you put them into both sides . Not the way one would use it .
 The playing card tray was fine but the revolving feature did not work . With one hand lightly holding the tray , I attempted to turn it . With my assist it turned but the screeching sound was unpleasant . I thought some 3-In-One oil might help , but there was no way to access the inner mechanism . I have returned the product and have decided to search for a revolving card tray locally .
 this keeps falling apart . after turning it a few times it breaks and we have to reassemble it.Would like better quality .
 ... for the revolving part ! It seemed like such a good idea , but in reality it has too much movement and it is not all the level . We used the empty card boxes on either side to keep it stable . It would be nice if I could take the bottom off entirely , but I have n't tried for fear I 'd just mess it up worse .
 The only way they swivel is if you pick them up and turn them . They DO NOT rotate . Very disappointed .
 This card tray came in pieces !! Due to bad packaging . Will not re-order from this outfit again .
 When I received the trays they were not what the picture showed on the website . When I contacted them they said that it was not the right picture and I could return them . This was not posiable because it was for a gift .
 a little dissapointed in the product . My family plays cards during the holiday get togethers , and this product was n't as sturdy as what I remembered using as a kid . The entire tray was unbalanced and the deck kept falling over because of it .
 Even though it was in its own box and the box was in excellent shape it was cracked and a piece broken when it arrived.I 've returned it with no problem , but still do n't have a tray holder
 My daughter was excited to get this recorder , but we quickly realized that it 's playability is pretty weak , especially for something that costs that much . You have to blow very softly lest it squeaks . Also , the two pieces come apart too easily , and the paint chips off easily as well . We got better quality and playability from a $ 4 plastic recorder we bought from a toy store .
 I purchased the Optimus Prime Fast Action Battler for my son . He has several of the other Fast Action Transformers and I was impressed with them . The Optimus Prime however is a terrible design . It does a poor job of transforming . The feet spring out in robot mode , and in the truck mode the feet springs are pushing against the truck hood which REFUSES to stay down . My son continually hands it to me to fix . Skip this version and buy one of the others .
 This transformer is no better than the cheap ones included with train sets . Actually , the insides are identical & the case & dials have been upgraded to appear `` HI TECH '' . I recommend spending more money on a more powered specced device . I was very disappointed with the power output & returned the 4 I had purchased .
 This is the second train controller -LRB- different manufactures -RRB- I have purchased with the same results . They work for a few days and quit . I ca n't seam to find one that is not made in China .
 Seriously . . Tic Tac Toe is nearly as exciting as this game . If you do n't believe me , check a * real * game review site like boardgamegeek dot com ! Run away !
 What a disappointment ! Be warned this fox is not as it appears in the photo . It is no where near as cute as the photo ! The head faces forward and can not be turned sideways , as it is depicted in the photo .
 The plush toy received does not appear like that in the photograph . I searched and compared a number of different red fox plush toys in order to find just the right appearance . This one has a sweetness in its countenance , however , the toy delivered looks nothing like the photograph . Very disappointed .
 The major problem withthis pool is the pump/filter system . Cartridge filters are inferior to sand filters to begin with , but this pump is too weak to circulate the water properly . It works fine if the water is clear to begin with , but if you leave for a couple of hot days and you come back to a green or cloudy pool , good luck getting it clean . You absolutely have to leave the pump running 24/7 and many of these pumps burn out in less than 2 seasons because of that . I would not be surprised if you have to shock the water 2 to 3 times per week , and that wreaks havoc on the vinyl . This pool is far more expensive and time consuming to keep clean than a regular above ground pool with a more powerful sand filter .
 Sounded like a fun toy . So , I bought two . I received them one hour ago , and have spent the last hour trying to assemble them -LRB- the first one , actually -RRB- . The instructions are unclear . The notation on the gun for assembly is confusing . I 've put together dozens of IKEA furniture pieces . But this item makes the worst IKEA piece feel like a piece of cake . Creative idea . But the manufacturers forgot that we are not all engineers . I still ca n't get it to fit together . No clear indication of alignment , etc. . I AM RETURNING THE PRODUCT . Come on ... it could n't have been that hard to ship an assembled piece , OR ... put a line down the alignment center so the customer did n't have to guess .
 This book in no way gives your child reading instruction . This book which is only about five pages of articles that your child then need to answer questions on . Starting with who when why etc. . The problem is the questions asked arent always in the paragraph wihch leads your child to make up and answer or give their interpretation which does not again give your child reading instruction . Comprehension maybe byt this is not what you are purchasing this book for . Waste of money and time since I had to answer most of the questions for my daughter .
 I bought this item -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- for my daughter to go with her Disney mix stick . It worked for literally 2 minutes and then the speakers cut out , never to work again . Thinking I 'd gotten a bad one , I exchanged it , only to have the same thing happen again . Still determined to make good on my daughter 's Christmas present , we bought a 3rd one , which also worked for about 2 minutes . The Mix Stick mp3 player worked fine with a Creative speaker system , so it was definitely the Jam Stand that had the problem . Obviously , there is a design flaw and I wonder if any of the Jam Stands that have been manufactured actually work .
 I love the MP3 player but Disney really went awry with the speaker system . It is definitely of low quality , hard to use and really bad sound quality . It sounds better when played very low but what kid wants to play music on low sound . It gets screechy and grainy sounding once turned up . Parents certainly wo n't appreciate that ! I would definitely search for a better speaker system that this could work with ! Also , you have to push the player pretty hard to get it into the speaker system . I see the potential for kids to break the USB port off when trying to get it in there . The only neet thing about this player is the colorful light show that displays as the music plays .
 I bought this for my 5yo , hoping to win back my own mp3 . The mix stick worked great for awhile , but it , too has cut out -LRB- purchased in July , quit by Sept -RRB- . The jam stand has never worked - same problem as noted by other reviews . My husband got it to play for a few minutes one night , that 's it . This is such a great idea , hope Disney will try again and get it right .
 I bought a Disney Mix Stick and Jam Stand for my son . While the Mix Stick is fairly easy to use , I had a hard time with the Jam Stand . It would work for a few seconds , and then the speakers would turn off . After some experimentation , I came up with several tips and techniques to get it to work more reliably :1 . -RRB- Do n't take the cover off of the Mix Stick - just plug the Mix Stick headphone jack into the Jam Stand , without exposing or plugging in the USB port2 . -RRB- If you want to recharge it , make sure the Mix Stick is turned off ; then take off the cover and plug it into the Jam Stand -LRB- both the headphone jack and the USB port -RRB- . After that , turn the Mix Stick on ; Wait a few seconds and then press the `` Play '' button ; Wait a few more seconds , then turn up the sound on the Mix Stick itself until the speakers and lights on the Jam Stand kick on . If they do n't , make sure the volume control on the top of the Jam Stand is also turned up.Note that this is awfully difficult to use for a product that is intended for children.Be advised that this is more of a `` toy '' than a serious speaker system . The sound is not all that good and the volume does n't get very high -LRB- though it is certainly loud enough to fill a small room , and it may be good for the kids that it does n't get too loud -RRB- . Overall , I 'm disappointed in this product . I really expected my son to love it , but he was quickly frustrated and lost interest .
 Even after reading all the reviews on the `` warped '' pieces , I ordered this house for my kids because it looked like much fun , and annoyingly , I also ended up with a badly warped base . Kids saw what was inside and now very disappointed . It 's going back .
 We 've had this for a year , and my kids rarely play with it . Everytime they set up the house , the furniture breaks . Whether it is the steps falling off , or the bunk beds separating , it 's very dissapointing for the kids . My kids are not unusually hard on toys , in fact very few things have ever broken . I bought this to be more gender neutral since we have 4 kids , but I wish I had stuck with the reliable Fisher Price plastic house .
 Every piece was warped . I was able to put it together , but because of the poor design , some of the pieces fall out . The directions are horrible , and none of the pieces are labeled so you do n't know what the picture is referencing as alot of the pieces are similar but different enough to cause problems . If you love your child and want them to be happy , get a different dollhouse .
 This was for one of our grand daughters . My son and I put it together for her . We were disappointed that two pieces were missing and that our son will have to contact Plan Toy 's to obtain the two missing pieces . This is a well-designed toy but Plan Toys should increase their back-check of the toy pieces before shipping .
 We purchased the Chalet without furniture because we own the Plan Toy Neo furniture sets -LRB- living room , bathroom , kitchen , dining room , bedroom , and children bedroom -RRB- . Unfortunately many of the upright furniture pieces do not fit because they 're too tall and hit the sloped roof -LRB- such as the shower , dresser , bookcase , vanity table , floor lamp , etc -RRB- . I would not recommend the Chalet unless you 're buying the set with furniture -LRB- where the pieces are probably scaled to fit the low ceilings -RRB- . It 's too late for us to return because we opened and assembled it . I wish someone had mentioned in their review and saved me the money .
 We ordered the first one and numerous flat sections were warped meaning it could n't be put together . One square foot section was warped more than 1/2 inch meaning when the screw was tight the wooden peg would n't meet the hole to hold it together . After a stern conversation with Amazon they agreed to send a replacement at the same price rather than at the $ 70 increase in price - how nice -LRB- note sarcasm -RRB- ! The second one has arrived promptly -LRB- thank you Amazon - no sarcasm -RRB- . The replacement has numerous warped parts and is as useless as the first , so is being returned.Either the quality checking at Plan Toys is very poor or more likely the storage prior to dispatch is less than idea result in the parts warping.We 've heard nothing but good things about Plan Toys and a local store stocks many of their products and visual inspection supports their reviews.We 've obviously been very unlucky and are now frantically searching for other options ready for our daughter for Christmas day.Given our experience I ca n't recommend the product , more so , because Plan Toys have not bothered responding to our contact with them , which has left a very bad taste in our mouths.Whilst there was some frustration with Amazon , mainly due to our frustration so close to Christmas , I know they 'll deal with the returns promptly and at least remove that concern .
 Our family has been fans of Plan Toys for a long time . We have several of their products , and my son has loved them . They are well-made , and have stood up to a lot of rough play.I knew that when my child was old enough , I would get him this dollhouse . The reviews were all positive , and I was confident that the Plan Toys name would mean a QUALITY toy . I was wrong.I ordered this at the end of November , and opened it on December 21 to assemble it for Christmas . Upon opening the box , we immediately realized that ALL of the flat wooden pieces were badly warped . My husband assembled it anyway , hoping that the screws would pull it together and it would be ok . It was n't . The house wobbled badly , and the floors were uneven.I contacted Plan Toys on December 22 , and was very pleased that they immediately shipped a new house to me , 2-day air , to arrive on Christmas Eve . It came this morning , December 24 . While my son took his nap , I opened it to assemble . And would you believe it has the SAME PROBLEM?So now I have no choice but to give my child a wobbly dollhouse for Christmas . This might have been ok for a $ 10 garage sale find , but not for a toy that was this expensive . I will be contacting Plan Toys on Monday , but I have little hope of a suitable replacement . After all , if TWO of these were damaged , it is likely that they have a major quality control problem with this product . What a disappointment , and a waste of money .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 This Product does not come close to the Jugs version of foam practice balls . The quality is horrible and was delivered deformed . Finally , The seller of the product sold it for $ 13.95 per ball . The Jugs were a dozen for $ 30 .
 I totally agree with other reviews that state that this line is cheaply made and not worth it . We bought the Crib / Changing Table and Armoire in the natural finish had had these issues :1 . The Changing table door does not close properly - although no one but my husband and I notice this .2 . We bought the Crib that has the solid backing and did not realize that the rail in front was stationary until 3 months later when my daughter was born - making it too late to return . I am only 4 ' 11 '' and putting my daughter in the crib is difficult for me . In addition the screws that hold the crib front to the side rail on the left side no longer catch . My husband had to get a separate metal nut and force it into the hole so that the pieces would stay together .3 . And this is the most frustrating of all . We had to return the Armoire 3 TIMES before we received one that was not damages - too much . There is still a crack in the back but I was due one week before the last one arrived and was not willing to deal with the situation any more.Bottom line - we are going to convert the crib to a toddler bed for my daughter and just get a new one for our next child - but this set really was a waste of money .
 We bought 3 pieces -LRB- in white -RRB- in the Madison line . There was something wrong with all three pieces . The changing table looked like it was dropped at the factory . One corner was mashed in , this caused the frame to crack in two places and one of the drawers to stick so badly that I had to take the back off to get it back in the tracks . I say it was dropped at the factory because the packaging was in an undamaged state . The armoire had a warped door , which after some fiddling does close , but the top of the door stick out about 1/4 '' to 3/8 '' . The crib , which appears undamaged did not come with any hardware , no bolts , etc. . We called the company and were told it would take 6-8 weeks to ship . Overall the crib seems to be the best built piece , but we ca n't really tell until we receive the bolts to put it together . The drawers on the changing table and armoire are very cheaply made and do not slide very well . We spent over $ 1200 on all three pieces and have problems with each . Spend your money on less expensive , but better made furniture .
 I have read some of the reviews and I agree with all the problems that the people are having , but the worst was when my daughter got her legs stuck in the bars . I awoke one morning to her my 1 year old daughter screaming at the top of her lungs and ran in to see what was the matter . When I got in her room I seen both legs stuck in between the rails . I ran over to her and struggled to free them . It took me about 5 minutes to free them and when I did I took off her PJs to discover both legs were dark purple . She must of stuck like that a little while before she screamed for help . I rubbed her legs till the color came back and seen she had some bruising just around her knees . I was very upset , but I was made to beleive that it was just a freak thing that could never happen again . SHAME ON ME ! My daughter is now 17 months , my mother in-law was watching her and while waking from her nap did it again with one leg . In a panic she could n't free her without dumping lotion on her leg . I am now tring to contact the company . PLEASE beware this can happen .
 We purchased two of these cribs in cherry wood before our twins were born.They seemed to be well made and sturdy heavy duty cribs in the store . We assembled it and used it now for one year . I started to notice the headboard seperating from the side panels around it . Where you can now see the unstained wood . It goes all around the headboard and it looks horrible . I have it on both the cribs . I then went to Babies R Us to talk to them about it . I noticed their floor sample had the same problem and when I brang this up to the salesman he said yea that crib has some sort of problem ... he said he had heard of others who had this problem as well . I called the manufacturer and they sent me 2 replacement headboards after receiving them and opening the box I was disgusted to find they were in worse condition than mine . There were big gaps between the pieces that should have had a smooth seam . I could not believe they would send me something that looked like it should be in the garbage . So now I am waiting to here back from the company to see what they will do to fix the problem . They will not acknowledge this crib has a defect . I noticed now that the matching armoir door is having the same problem . It really is poorly made furniture . Besides the problems with the mobile attatchement and bumpers and crib rails it is not put together well , especially the cherry finished pieces . I hate to think I spent all this money so I could convert these to toddler beds and now will probly have to go out and buy new furniture for my twins.Some lifetime crib ! I will post back to let you know how the manufacturer handles the situation .
 Hands down this is a beautifully crafted crib which promises huge savings on purchasing additional toddler , twin and/or full sized beds in the future . However , if you intend on using this 4-in-1 crib as anything other than a crib prepare for the ultimate let down and frustration.I have used this crib for my son for two years now and only complained about the difficulty in laying my son down without waking him up -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and can not easily reach over the railing to the mattress at its highest setting -RRB- . This was not enough of an annoyance for me to be disappointed in my purchase though.Now that my son can climb out the crib I feel he is ready for a toddler bed . Here is where I have major issues . The `` guard rail '' used in the conversion to a toddler bed is n't a guard rail at all . Look at the separate toddler bed made by Jardine and you will see that the guard rails come up pretty high at the head of the bed . This is not the rail you get . Per the manufacturer whom I emailed , the `` guardrail '' which comes with the crib is only there to keep the mattress in place . The included rail only comes up 1 inch above my Simmons Maxipedic mattress . So guess what , there is nothing there to stop your child from rolling out of the bed as mine did . Because all the separate guard rails on the market are made for twin sized beds on up , take up nearly the full length of the bed . Because of this I bought a fold down rail but had to raise the mattress back up to the highest setting so that it would fit properly . My son ca n't get out of the bed on his own.When I asked a rep from Jardine how I could purchase the side rails for the full side bed setting -LRB- which does not come with the crib -RRB- I was told to buy it from Babies R Us . Babies R Us told me I 'd have to purchse it from the manufacturer . I feel as though I were duped by this crib 's false advertisement . I would only recommned this crib as just that . A crib . If you are looking for a convertible crib this one is too much of a headache to deal with considering the hefty pricetag.BEWARE , BEWARE !!!
 Well I been having this cribs for ten months now and its about the third time that my daughter has gotten her legs stuck in between the bar the first time I figure ok it was a accident and she was 5months she was just learning how to stand so I blew it off ! my daughter was 6 1/months and again she got it stuck and had some black and blues now today she 10 months and she got her leg stuck again and this time while trying to get it out she happens to get the other one stuck to in the matter of seconds which was not cool when your trying to prevent the baby from leaning back while she was crying and screaming ... I know this crib is beautiful and ... good reviews about the looks and all but looks wont save you from making a trips to the hospital because the childs leg is broken and in pain . please let me know if you anyone gets in touch with the company because I ca n't
 Hands-down , this is indeed a BEAUTIFUL crib , very sturdy and good quality and all that , but it is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE for hanging items ! I have tried yet again to hang something on the rails and they are just too wide , so this being the 3rd strike , I wanted other future parents to know . We wanted this crib -LRB- I wanted it -RRB- b/c it is lifelong , but for the next couple/several years , it will be miserable !! I ca n't fault the toy companies , b/c the straps are pretty long , but almost NOTHING fits on the sides or front of this crib -LRB- we wo n't even mention the back -RRB- , like mobiles , play light sleepers , etc. . Your bumper wo n't tie on the back , either , and you had better make sure the bumper strings are at LEAST 6 INCHES or they wo n't tie on the corners . So , if you 're sold solely by looks and plan on NEVER entertaining your child in his/her crib , this is yours ! If not , good luck , and please post how you jerry-rigged it !!!
 I bought this in cherry because it looked beautiful but also because I was under the impression that it converted to a toddler bed , then to a full sized or day bed . It does not convert to a toddler bed at all . Jardine does not sell guard rails -LRB- they do sell a matching toddler bed with rails for the ridiculous price of $ 100 -RRB- . There are no guard rails available on the market that will allow you to use this as a toddler bed . Once your child is too big for a crib , you 're done with this piece of furniture . Also , no teething guards fit the crib properly and once your child starts biting on it , it will look hideous . Jardine 's customer service told me they never intended for this to be a toddler bed and I was out of luck . I even asked if they would discount the price of the toddler bed because of my dissatisfaction with the entire set and they refused . I have had this furniture for 15 months and have to either spend $ 100 for the toddler bed or just move to a new set altogether . This manufacturer 's products are not worth the money you will spend . It 's too expensive for something that is impratical and does not even look nice for very long . Also , the bumpers are a problem and if you use velcro you will damage the finish . Spend your money elsewhere .
 we 're starting to have a pretty big collection of geotrax items and I love most all of their construction quality but this one let us down , geotrax usually connect pieces together by a clipping system very solid and sturdy , small kids have difficulties putting them together or taking them apart , I do like that so there is no need to go help put it back together every other minute.but on this one , no idea why , they choose to change the system for a `` kinda fit in '' slide in , it keep detaching itself from the main circuit every time a car or train try to go through , it is very frustrating for my 3y old and for me ... beside that yes , sure , door open , track turn to put the truck into parking space etc , but overall frustrating , especially as I do n't get it ... why did they had to mess it up ?!
 Seriously , who invented this toy ? It looks like a mixing bowl with wings and two holes in the front . Give your kid a mixing bowl from your kitchen and save yourself $ 30 . I promise you your kid wo n't sit in it -LRB- although it does make a great weapon when thrown across the room , as I recently discovered when my 2 year old flung it at breakneck speed -RRB- . Makes a great step stool for toddlers to climb on to forbidden surfaces , too . As you can tell , I do n't care much for this toy . I am picturing the manufacturer of this toy laughing all the way to the bank !
 I bought these sandals to complete my soul reaper cosplay to a recent anime convention . They were cool and all , but they barely lasted . I missed a step going down stairs , slipped and the sandal broke ! Before I even registered for the convention ! I managed to EVENTUALLY tie it around my ankle to keep it on , but it did n't stay on well and was annoying the whole convention . If your buying this just for cosplay they work , but do n't expect them to last very long .
 I bought this for my 4-year-old . I had one like it as a kid and remember it as being mind-blowingly awesome . This one is not . It does n't focus very well , there 's no definition or crispness to what you see , which diminishes the educational value greatly , in my opinion . I wo n't send it back , because it was so cheap that postage will be half the price anyway , and at least I can console myself in knowing that when my kid loses interest in 3 minutes I did n't go under for this . Given that my kid is 4 , this is no big loss ... When he breaks it I will congratulate myself on the money I saved ! But the next go round I will definitely go with a more expensive product in hopes that it will be the awesome toy I remember .
 Microscope arrived DOA . Do n't know if it is shorted or a bad bulb . Nonetheless , any replacement costs would negate the original savings . Requesting an RMA .
 I purchased several $ 6 and less `` field microscopes '' off of amazon to test them against one another . My goal is to find one or two models that are suitable for a homeschool co-op class of 6-10-year-olds . This one failed right out of the box . It was the most expensive model , with the lowest magnification , a useless focus knob , a cheap build quality , and no batteries to power the light . I requested a refund 10 minutes after opening the package so hopefully the seller will oblige .
 I had one of these when I was a kid and enjoyed looking at everything through the scope . This one is hard to focus because it 's so flimsy and the light burns out almost immediately . Did not expect much for the price , but they might make adequate party favors for an older-kids birthday and that 's about it .
 Do n't waste your money . While works slightly , it 's really just a gum-ball machine quality plastic toy . Do better spending some more on a real quality item .
 The device looks fine , but fragile . . when I put in the batteries the comparment will not even close . I had one of these as a child and my son wanted one . I KNOW it was better back then as I used it for years . This didnt last the day . The batteries compartment split open as soon as the first battery was put in .
 It magnifies , it lights . For the price , it works . My complaint is that the LED is too bright . It makes it difficult to see/focus on anything because of the bright white glare that reflects off of anything and everything you try to focus on .
 For the price . Optics are cheap but look at what it costs . The controll are skittish not very smooth or respond well .
 I bought this product thinking it was just like one I used when I was teaching . The students of all ages loved it . However , this new incarnation is not as much fun . The LED light sheds too much light on the object viewed and washes it out . As a result , the object is not seen clearly ; instead it appears blurry . Rather than give it to our grandson who would be very disappointed with it , we put it away in a drawer and will probably never use it .
 I purchased these pocket microscopes to give to my grandchildren . I found them wanting in optical quality . Specifically , the ` scope suffers from soft focus and chromatic aberration . Perhaps it would be useful if you knew exactly what you were looking for and just wanted to verify the presence or absence of a given microscopic substance , property , or flaw . Not good enough for general exploratory or educational use . The narrow field of view alone would make it challenging for a child to understand what they were looking at.That said , the seller provided the utmost service in fully addressing my dissatisfaction . I will gladly purchase from this seller again . I will , however , try to make a better guess at what performance can be anticipated from a very low cost item .
 I bought this gift for a young girl wanting crafting supplies for Christmas from a local gifting tree . It just arrived and I am completely disappointed . Last night while walking through WalMart crafts department to add to her packages , they had every item in this barrel and I am SURE I could put it together for a fraction of the price they charge !! PUT ONE TOGETHER YOURSELF AND SAVE MONEY !!!
 The box is sealed up inside another box , so I had to open it to make sure it was ok . Very disappointed when I opened it . The bucket was only half filled and I knew something was wrong . It was missing 5 different things . Luckily I emptied everything out to double check . I would n't waste my money on this . I plan on returning and just going to a craft store and filling up a bucket by myself . At least I know everything will be in it and it will be a lot cheaper too !
 It is just over priced . I paid $ 30 plus $ 10 shipping for this . I could get these stuff from a local craft shop with half the cost .
 I ordered this for my 10 year old son ... when he took the toy out of the package , the supposedly interchangeable hands broke . I sent the toy back well over a month ago and have not received the requested refund yet . I dont recommend !
 What you see online is not what you get ! I ordered 12 different -LRB- scenes -RRB- puzzles and rec 'd 7 , the other 5 were duplicates . Now my emails are not being answered .
 I did not get a variety of scenes - two of each puzzle instead of different puzzles . That means it was n't as much of a value as advertised . RIP OFF ! Did n't get the puzzles pictured either .
 So , I 've played a number of games in the Empire Builder Series . This game seems to be a dead rip-off with new cities and some new resources.There are magical cities in the provinces , outside of Russia , packed with resources . Which just seem disproportionately wonderful . They are out-of-balance with the regular Russian cities . There are four resources that have two cities each is available in , one on each corner of the board , so there are way too many high pay-off contracts . Some of the commodities are just way too pointless . Empire Builder has resources with weight and bulk and value . Solid , reassuring . Russian rails has too many odd-man resources , but not enough of the basic resources that Empire Builder has that Russia surely must have used , but are n't represented . Cheese must be more important than chickens in Russia ... right?Empire Builder and Lunar Rails has resources in major cities that are almost entirely only available in major cities . Russian rails has different resources scattered all around major cities , including resources that are available in smaller cities . The major city loses its special nature . Its now just an inconvenient thing you have to build into to win . In Empire Builder , they are necessary parts of the resources supply chain . In Martian Rails , the majors seem to be somewhere in between Russian Rails and Empire Builder , but more mixed than Lunar Rails to be sure.I do n't like the balance of the game , the resource selection , the roughly square nature of the board . There is little I like about the game outside of its skeleton as an Empire Builder Series game . The artwork has a tacky iron curtain concept going on , which I also do n't feel warmly towards . Finding cities and resources is very difficult in this game . The most difficult of any of the Empire Builder Series.I suggest checking out other games in the Empire Builder Series . Buy this if its the only Empire Builder Series Game available .
 This cheap thing broke the second we took it out of the box . The light never worked and the platic saber part fell off while he was playing with it . He didnt care he just taped it up , but I would n't spend the money on it again .
 This toy did n't last 10 minutes . We gave it to our 5 year old for christmas . The second time he went to extend it , the lightsabor -LRB- red -RRB- part went flying across the room and almost hit our 2 year old in the head . He was n't even playing rough with it . I do not recommend for children .
 It has less quality than the cheap ones bought at an department store . I assume this is meant for an adult that only plans to dress as Count Dooku on Halloween and not for a six year old that will actually play with it .
 We had great difficulty finding a Count Dooku lightsaber for our 8 year old for Xmas , in the UK , so decided to try further afield . It may have been shortsighted on my part , but when I read the description and saw the total price , including shipping , I assumed that it would have been the same as the lightsabers my son already had ! But , this one is one of the cheap ones you can obtain in Toys R Us for 5.00 ! In total , including shipping , I paid approx 30 so am deeply disappointed ! When I contact the seller , they advised that the cost of shipping was the bulk of it and if I wanted a refund I would have to pay the return shipping costs so in essence it would n't be worthwhile . I may as well have flushed the 30 down the toilet.As this was one of our son 's Xmas presents , I am really sad that this product was n't what I thought it would be . I will think twice before buying from here again!Please read the description ` very carefully ' before buying !!!!
 I bought this for my nephew who turned 5 . When I recieved it , I was concerned that it had already been opened because the package was damaged . I 'm still not sure if it was previously used . We had a hard time trying to figure out how to turn it on . Once we did turn it on , you could hardly tell because the light was so dim . The only time you can tell it 's on is when you are in the dark .
 YOu 're supposed to be able to stamo and trace - the stamps only work with a film of orange plastic - and the faint image the stamp leaves fades in two seconds ... not fun , not workable as a pre-writing toy - there is nothing to do with it ! My 4 year old daughter has not played with it - even when I try to prompt her and play along with her . Not at all engaging . Wish I had never bought it !!!
 The plastic clings do not cling properly . The stamps fade after a few seconds . The crayons do not show up on the surface . Can not see the writing . Very disappointed .
 I bought this for my son just for the heck of it . Thank goodness it was n't a present for a birthday or anything because he used it once and it broke . No wonder it 's only $ 9.99 . I want a bow and arrow set that is good for a 5 year old but this one unfortunately is n't good for anyone .
 MY SIX YEAR OLD GOT THIS FROM SANTA FOR CHRISTMAS . HE HAD A WONDERFUL TIME WITH IT ... UNFORTUNATLEY HE ONLY USED IT THREE TIMES BEFORE IT BROKE . NICE IDEA ... NOT AT ALL DURABLE . I WONDER IF THEY SELL REPLACEMENT PARTS ...
 my son loved this toy . It was his favorite Christmas toy , but it broke a week later ! Turns out a friend of his got the same toy , and his broke too . Not very durable , fun while it lasts , and not dangerous .
 This product has changed substantially from when I was I kid . The product I remember was opaque and had a harder consistency , now is transparent and more liquid . The current product just basically sucks . The balloon breaks up easily -LRB- if you manage to make a ballon in the first place ! -RRB- , the goo is extremely sticky and messy . Do n't waste your money on this garbage unless the manufacturer has some sense and goes back to the original formula .
 **** DANGER **** HIGHLY FLAMMABLE **** HIGHLY TOXIC **** DANGER **** Besides containing ethyl acetate , ethanol , poly vinyl acetate , in the bulk of the plastic , these mixtures contain a large amount -LRB- 25 % -RRB- of ACETONE -LRB- LACQUER THINNER - the nastiest mother of ALL paint thinners ! -RRB- ANYONE INSANE ENOUGH TO DISPENSE THIS STUFF ONTO THE 3 '' STRAW AND HAND IT TO A CHILD TO PUT IN THEIR MOUTH NEEDS TO HAVE THE CHILD PLACED IN PROTECTIVE CUSTODY AND BE BARRED FROM HAVING ACCESS TO ANYONE 'S CHILD ! REMEMBER FIRE MARSHALL BILL 'S BURN SCARS ? IMAGINE THE FUN OF TRYING TO PEEL THIS ACETONE LADEN GLUE OFF YOUR CHILD 'S EYEBALLS ! OR RESCUING THEM FROM A MOLTEN PLASTIC FIREBALL ! OR SPOON FEEDING WHAT 'S LEFT OF THEIR BRAIN CELLS !
 My first experience was in reading the operator 's manual . The English translation of the instructions from their original language was at times humorous and quirky , but also confusing and difficult to follow . The quality control around the manual was the first of many quality issues.After preparing the craft and charging the batteries -LRB- for 3 hours -RRB- , I took an initial test flight to determine if the counter rotation needed adjustment . It did , but upon touching a screwdriver to the potentiometer , the plastic head fell off and to the floor . I was able to make the necessary adjustments by manipulating the potentiometer directly with a small tipped tool.I performed several test hops between 1 and 3 feet high , to familiarize myself with the controls . During the second hop a minor crash on the floor caused one of the posts that hold the cowling to snap off . I glued the post back in place and tried again the following day , but the glue never held securely . I may have to use heat to `` weld '' it back on.Next to go was one of the two tail fins . The fin was very loosely attached and was lost during a low level encounter with a bush . I am not sure why one fin is well attached and the other is so loose . Controlled Flight seemed to be possible with just one finNext , after a `` tip over '' in the lawn , the main rotor stripped free from its drive post . It would not reseat , requiring me to use more glue -LRB- and making future rotor blade changes challenging -RRB- . The quality of instructions also left a lot to be desired . First , there were no flight instructions for beginner rotor-craft flying - for a product aimed at age 14 + , this would seem important . The instructions warned of flight in high winds . Although `` high '' was not specified , I discovered that attempting flight even with a 1-5 MPH breeze made control nearly impossible . There may be ways to control the craft in this situation , but the instructions provide no guidance to the novice flyer , even for calm and indoor flying . Without roll controls , the craft moves in unpredictable directions that depend , in part , on rotor speed , requiring constant correction from the tail rotor . The tail rotor seems to run either too fast or too slow when attempting to hover . The angle of the tail is adjustable , as is the angle of the tail rotor . Both adjustments came loose during the first 5 minutes of test flight and without guidance on optimal positions ; I had to experiment with their positions.I am slowly getting a handle on how to fly the `` FLY '' , and I hope that I have experienced the worst of the quality issues . I do not recommend it to anyone .
 WARNING
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , and we tried it out today , it broke on the first try . He is going to try to fix it tomorrow . We would not recommend this helicopter to anyone , it is all plastic , made in China and the instruction manual has really bad English translation . Do your research before buying one of these , apparently there is a lot more to it than I thought .
 I purchased a Dragonfly Radio Control RC Helicopter Hughes 300 9093 as a Christmas present for my grandson . It arrived defective and never worked . Attempts to get the company to replace the item were very frustrating . I was being required to pay the return shipping for their defective product and was told that I &#34; might &#34; get a replacement in a couple of weeks if their staff felt that it was appropriate . This is the first really bad dealings I have had through Amazon . I am surprised that Amazon lets companies abuse customers in this way !
 ultra-cheap and shoddy toy . was in the garbage within a half hour . Here are some extra words so I can post this review without persistently being looped back to the same screen .
 This is called a '' 2 Channel '' helicopter , which means there are only 2 directions for the helicoopter to fly
 I bought this for my 13 year old who is getting into RC aircraft . He already flies planes and wanted to move into helicopters . They are very expensive and difficult to master . We thought this would be a chance to learn . I realize the price was low and did not expect alot but it should at least get off the ground . We tried all the tricks that we have learned about with `` real '' RC copters and nothing could make this thing get 5 feet off the ground . It 's only flight was into the garbage !
 This thing is n't enable to fly we did all that the manual say and even it did n't fly , the worst gift that I gave in this christmas .
 We gave this to my son -LRB- who was almost 3 at the time -RRB- for Christmas and within minutes he had pulled the clubs apart . Each golf club is 3 pieces of cheap plastic glued together with cheap glue . Once they were pulled apart we tried just fitting them back together . They did n't stay . We tried model glue , which is suppose to melt the plastic together , but that did n't work . Do n't waste your money on this . We 're planning to get either the Little Tikes or Fisher-Price set that are around $ 20 .
 granted it is only $ 7 , it is not worth the money . my daughter had fun with it , but i am convinced that some kids can have a blast with a spoon . it fell apart as soon as my daughter touched it , and not amount of glue could keep it together . i think we may still have the golf balls that came with it though . DON `` T BUY IT !!!!
 We received this toy as a gift for our two year old . It fell apart on first use . The clubs are all made up of 3 pairs which are hot glued together . Any sort of torque and they break . I tried superglueing them and then the plastic shafts started to break near the handle because plastic is so cheap and thin . Go with another set . This is not worth a penny .
 we bought this toy and it is JUNK !!!!!!!! it dosent work and when we got it to work , it wouldnt stop saying , careful , it might be hot !!!!! i finally got a hammer and smashed it to bits !!! so long defective toy !!!!
 this toy is really not good . I know cause I used to have one and it wood always be brokeded down . you guys reely shoodin ` by this toy cause its ungood .
 Okay ... So this model does n't have a grade rating because it would be lower than anything there is . It 's terrible . There are only 5 points of articulation including the neck . I 's incredibly cheap and totally not worth anything near what it 's priced here . I do n't think I would buy it at the dollar store , to be honest ...
 Upon using it the very first time , the plastic lever that works the suction cup broke . This made it quite challenging to turn the crank and hold it still at the same time .
 It seamed like a good deal , I have used the Victorio many times and decided to buy this one after reading the reviews , first time using it , the handle where it connects broke , right in the middle of putting through the apples .
 This machine I think would work great for juices , however for even tomato sauce or salsa FORGET it . Even with the Salsa screen it only lets out juices with seeds . Even scraping off the screen with my finger , the amount of pulp that it lets through is not even enough for the tomato sauce I like . It also wastes a fair amount of your tomato 's . My neighbor has one and tried to drill out a screen to 5/16 '' holes , but then it lets peeling 's through .
 I took all the parts out put it together and everything was just as pictured . Then I proceeded to put strawberries through so I could make seedless jam . It worked for about 10 mins then stopped turning . I figured it might be clogged so I washed it all out and tried again ... still no turning . Ca n't figure out what went wrong , but looks like it broke somewhere . Frustrating !!!! Very disappointed in it !
 Disappointed with this rather frail machine . It ca n't handle apples unless they are cooked to mush . The teflon washer bearing keeps getting entrained with the product .
 I have used this Roma Vegetable Strainer for making apple sauce twice . Previously I have used the Victorio strainer -LRB- very nice and sturdy , but no longer available -RRB- and Back to Basics -LRB- stronger than the Roma in my opinion , but not as good as the Victorio - it had a lot of parts to lose and was not rust resistant -RRB- . The Roma is easy to put together and seems to be rust resistant , but is weak , flimsy , unstable , and does n't hold on my counter well with either the suction or the clamp.Things I like about the Roma Strainer : * Pieces attach easily without nuts and bolts * Seem to be rust resistant -LRB- The Back-to-Basics strainer that I bought 15 years ago had some parts that would rust -RRB- * Plastic cone that takes the waste -LRB- seeds , core and skin -RRB- away is farther from the sauce dispenser , making it easier to have various shapes of bowls.Things I dislike about the Roma Strainer : * The suction cup does not hold on my smooth quartz counter-top . Nice try , but it does n't work . * I have a bull-nose -LRB- rounded edge -RRB- to my counter-top so the clasp does n't work very well either - it is n't long enough to reach around the bull-nose . So , it starts wiggling fairly quickly and is n't very stable , with no way to attach it more firmly . * The handle is much harder to turn than the old Victorio -LRB- purchased 30 years ago -RRB- or Back-to-basics -LRB- purchased 16 years ago -RRB- strainers I have previously used . As I turn the handle , the vertical support seems to wobble or bend a bit , as though it is n't very strong . * The handle seems a bit flimsy . * Turning the handle is stiffer with more resistance than with the other strainers I have used before . -LRB- You tire more quickly . * I have to run the waste product through 2 x as there is a lot of good applesauce that goes out with it.The materials and workmanship are poorer quality . Some of the features -LRB- fewer parts to get lost -RRB- are nicer . Overall , though , my experience is that it is not nearly as good or as easy to use as the other strainers I have used in the past .
 Instructions and hints and tips should be included . Make sure you core large tomatoes . Forget raw tomatoes , you need to heat or cook the tomatoes to get any sort of smooth results , especially with large meaty Roma tomatoes . Will be looking for a better method . Know they sell a lot of units probably because nothing else better is offered .
 I thought this was the answer to my home canning of tomato sauce , but all it did was make juice . I was very disappointed . The quality is typical Chinese junk . Do n't get it !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 We got this as a hand-me-down when our baby was about 12 months , and she had been practicing `` walking '' with holding to our hands for about two or three months . I found this to be her -LRB- and my -RRB- least favorite push toy compared to a doll stroller and a grocery `` cart '' -- she has trouble getting the wheels to roll smoothly in the house on rugs or bare floors , and outdoors it goes a little better . And while opening and closing the doors on the front is fun , and she likes to hide toys behind them , the only other thing she can do with her finger strength is spin the red/yellow wheel on the blue door . The bee is really hard to rotate and move , even for a grown-up , and ditto for the worm across the bottom . She can flip the butterfly from left to right , but with effort and she tends to lose interest quickly . Which is sort of how this toy gets used ... just for a few minutes every few days . It 's not a bad toy , and I 'm grateful for the hand-me-downs ! , but if I were spending the money I 'd buy something else .
 We got this walker as a gift for our 8-month old son . He is just learning to pull up and stand on his own so we were excited to get a walker as a gift . I have not compared this to other ones , but it 's not very stable . It can easily be tipped , especially when he runs into a door or something . If he pushes hard enough he topples over the front of it . He has also lost his balance and fallen backwards . I just expected it to be a little more sturdy like some of his other toys . I understand it ca n't be perfect and expect some falls , but it seems cheap to me . The little doors -LRB- mail slots -RRB- ALWAYS come off . Again , just seems cheap . He loves this toy , however ! He pushes it everywhere!One good thing is that the wheels can adjust so that it goes slow or fast depending on the floor or the skill of the child . That is really a good thing and has worked for us.Other than that , though , I 've been a little dissatisfied with it .
 We bought this days ago , and it is already going back . An impromptu stop at the store for a walker for my 10mos old to take on vacation so he would n't be cruising all the furninture at grandma 's house . After three kids , I was missing the old ones I had for the other two , but was tempted because of its simplicity and `` no battery '' thing ... let me break it down : * time consuming assembly , had to hunt down screwdriver * it tipped over immedietly as the baby pulled himself up , so it only worked when I held on to either him or the front of the walker , making this not an independent toy * within minutes mailslot doors came off * now have to hunt for `` mail '' so it can all go back to the store * the `` adjustable '' traction worked on some floors in our home , but not all of themon the plus side , it does n't run on batteries , is pretty basic and the baby loved playing with the mail slots while the doors stayed on . Either way , I am returning it and getting a different activity walker for him .
 This toy appears to be pretty neat , but alas it is not . My daughter was always trying to play with it from the front and would pull up on it to put the envelopes in the mailbox and when she leaned on it , the doors fell off , and she fell face first into it . One time she fell into it she got a huge knot on her forehead w/a nasty purple bruise . This toy went in the trash after 2 weeks . We are totally not thrilled with this especially being made by Little Tikes , which is a brand we have always trusted !! I do not recommend this toy to any child , no matter what the age - it is not safe !
 I bought this for my twin nine month old grandsons for christmas . The problem I have is that I can not get the speed of the wheels adjusted . No matter what setting I put them on the walker goes too fast and they fall . I find that they are always removing the mailbox doors . They also get their fingers caught in the doors . It is cute for the price , but I wish I had bought just a regular old fashioned walker like my children used thirty years ago .
 There are much cuter activity walkers out there on the market , but , they also cost more money , so you have to decide what is important for you in a walker . Personally , my son only used the walker through his cruising to walking phase . As soon as he became a confident walker the toy lost all interest . I put it away in the `` baby '' things and was satisfied with the job it did helping him gain confidence in walking . That being said , if you want a toy to leave out and have your child play wiht after he learns to walk , this is not the toy . The mail slots come off way too easily and are boring . The mail pieces always wind up lost in the sea of toys and parts in the house . The accessory toys -LRB- bug themed -RRB- on the walker are way too hard to manipulate , plus never made much sense to me since the theme is a mailbox , what are the bugs doing on it ?! You have to choose for yourself what you want in a walker and then go out and buy for those needs/wants .
 This toy falls over every time my nine month old tries to brace himself to stand up and push it . Also , the mail slots fall off constantly . Overall , this toy is dangerous and a waste of money .
 We bought this toy for our 10 month old who was starting to cruise . Unfortunately , this toy did not instill any confidence in our son . Everytime he tried to pull up using the toy it would roll away from him causing him to fall . When he was already standing and tried to walk holding on to it , it would scoot away from him - again causing him to fall . The doors do break off easily . This toy has gone in the garbage as I do not feel it is safe enough for any child to play with .
 When I bought this walker I did not realize that the rear wheels are not on an axle and therefore do not spin easily -LRB- they are secured with screws -RRB- . The wheel control is on the front wheels , so you would think that the rear wheels would spin easily . They do not , and will seriously scratch your hardwood floors . We had our floors refinished two years ago and now , due to this toy , they will need to be refinished again . This is a very poor design . And , as others have mentioned , the doors come off very easily . My son likes playing with the doors , but gets frustrated when they keep coming off . The other toys on the walker do not interest him at all . I will say that the walker is sturdy .
 My son received this for his first bithday and has yet to get any good use out of it . It has no balance capability , so your child is always at risk of falling back . Also the door flaps are poorly made and always falling off . Basicly I do n't recomend any one to buy this toy . I would have been really upset had I purchased it my self .
 I bought this walker , and after putting it together I immediately had misgivings about it . It did n't seem very stable , and I was right . When my 9 month old son tried to use it to pull up it flipped over backwards . Luckily , since I had my suspicions about it doing just that , I was standing right behind him and able to catch him.In addition to tipping over , withing 1/2 hour he had the two `` mailbox '' panels pulled off the front of the activity area.I 've already disassembled the walker and put it back in the box ; it 's going back to the store .
 I got this as a gift for our daughter when she was around 10 months old . All the other reviews are right - the doors break off WAY TOO EASILY ! But our daughter really liked it , and for that one month , she used it as a walker to help her walk.Now she uses it with her playhouse , and sticks all kinds of things into it . She is now a year and a half and though it sits along the wall , she still uses it with her other toys . When her friends come over , they always want to play with it for 2-3 minutes , and then they move on . The other noise-makers on the walker keep little 1 year olds interested for a little while as well.I think it was a great gift , but I would not have bought it . 2 stars for durability -LRB- due to the doors - they are still somewhere around the house -RRB- .
 My mother bought this for my 11 month old son who is a late walker . The doors were constantly falling off and there is not much else to do if there are no doors . Also , every time he would try pulling himself up the whole thing would tip over . If we would lift him so that he could walk with it he would either fall backwards with the whole thing falling ontop of him . Or the front wheels would go flying forward and he would fall forward . Even when he was playing with the front toys it fell on him . The only good thing was that we called little tikes to complain and they were very nice and replaced it with a different toy .
 I have tile floor and this walker was so terrible , I threw it away ... If you have carpet I guess it wouldnt be so bad but the speed control wheel did nothing . On the slow one it just drug accross the floor and left scatch marks and on any speed the thing was too light weight in the front and tiped over . As I said I have tile floor and every time she fell she would fall sideways and land on her head . VERY VERY VERY DANGEROUS !!!!! Do not buy if you dont have carpet .
 the doors on the front fell off ... then they pinched her fingers when she tried to open an close them .
 THIS PRODUCTS DOES NOT HOLD UP , IT FALLS A PART FROM GET GO . NOT REALLY SAFE FOR TODDLER LEARNING TO WALK . SORRY BUT TRUTH . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED SUSANNA/NANNA SC
 My sister purchased this for my little guy for Christmas and it is not a good toy . It is a good walked , BUT the compartment doors on the front just fall off when you open them . I would not recommend this toy .
 After researching several walkers online - I chose this product because of the adjustable wheel speed . I was very disappointed . After spending 20 minutes assembling all the parts with screws and a screwdriver -- my daughter pulled off the doors on the front-in about 1 minute . Next-she tried to stand up to walk and it fell right one top of her . I had to hold it still while she stood up-but it still was too light weight and tipped to easily . Also the smooth plastic wheels slid right across the rug so the speed adjustment feature was mute . The toy was so boring that within 5 minutes she was off doing something else . Needless to say I was disappointed and will be returning it immediately .
 Like other reviewers , I thought the only good thing was the speed control on the wheels . Unfortunately , my box was missing the screws to attach the large blue handle . The exposed sides were dangerous , and my daughter pulled the lids off then used the spaces as stairs to climb the toy . Of course it could n't support her weight , so she fell over . I removed it quickly after that .
 I bought this for my son because he is walking along furniture and I thought it might help learn to walk . I loved that it said it had adjustable speed , but on our carpet the wheels do n't turn at all it just glides over the floor just as fast . We have also had the mail door problem . The worst thing about this toy is that my son was playing with the mail slot while I was putting his laundry away and I heard this awful screaming . He got his little finger stuck in the side and had his other hand pushing the mail door shut with all his body weight , by the time I got to him and released his finger it was white , and then bruised shortly after . I removed the doors and put them away so he ca n't get them , but he has n't touched this toy since . This has been a total waste of money for our family .
 I was disappointed in the design . Little Tikes usually makes such great things . My son started playing with this at 9-10 months and even then he could pull the doors right off . It was not very good if they were intended to be used as mail slots to learn how to put things in and take them back out.I agree with the other poster that he was not at all interested in any of the other toys on it like the caterpiller or little bugs . My son did walk at 10 months and has not stopped to rest since . He only pushes this on occassion.Like I said , we received it as a gift but I would never buy this one on my own .
 We were very displeased with this product . The pieces come off way too easy and the worst part about it is that when baby starts to tumble backwards the toy comes with ! My daughter also can not use the toy to pull up on either . We got a much better playskool one for $ 5 at a yard sale . Sorry I wasted my money on the other one .
 This walker is very lightweight my son picked the whole thing up instaed of trying to push it . Even with the brakes on the plastic wheel just slide right across the floor leaving baby face first behind it . Do n't waste your money ... go with Fisher Price .
 This is only good if your child can stand up on his or her own . It is so light and narrow it tipped over backwards when our daughter tried to support herself with it . By the way , putting it together is no fun !
 I have always loved little tikes products but this one reallydisappointed me . I bought this for my 9 month old as he waspulling up and walking along furniture . The first thing I noticed was how unsturdy this was . It was very unsteady and tipped over whenever he tried to pull up on it . It really needs to pull apart more to give it more balance . Anyway , I took it outside and figured it would be safer in the grass . He was really able to scoot around with it outside and I did n't worry too much about it tipping over since he would land in the soft grass . He was really attracted to the spinning wheel and played with it constantly . However . it did n't take long before he popped both doors off and once he realized he could , that was all he did with this thing . The doors come off so easily it is ridiculous . Every day I would be putting the doors back on and he would be taking them off . He finally decided that he would just take the door with the spinning wheel on it wherever he went and the heck with the rest of it . Summer has come to and end and so has the little tikes walker . I picked up the walker then the 2 doors -LRB- when I found them ! -RRB- and threw the thing staight into the garbage can . I 'm not sure what became of the mail pieces . . I think the dog got those!Do yourself a favor ... pass this one by .
 The two pieces on the front will not stay on . And my friend has a different one and it looks more durable .
 My daughter loved to play with this toy . The only problem was the doors come off way to easy . The first thing she would do when she played with this was take the doors off . They need to do something to secure them . It also tends to tip back when she tries to walk with it . I think your better off trying a different toy if you are looking for something that will help your child walk . Ours now takes up space in the garage .
 Too unstable - it tips when they pull up to stand . Also the plastic flaps , which my son would normally love , came out to easily to be any fun .
 This is a terrible toy for a child who is learning to pullup and walk ! It is too light in the front , so when they try to pull up using the handle , it tips over on top of them . Also , the two little mail doors are the pop-in-the-hole type , so when my child leans on them trying to look behind them to see where the mail went or pull up on them , they fall off and she ends up falling and busting her head ! Also , the three plastic `` mail '' cards are not attached and are always lost . After a week of watching it fall apart and taking care of numerous boo-boo 's from her falling so much , I put the toy away for good .
 I bought this for my 10 month old daughter as she had been cruising for about 11/2 months and I thought she would enjoy having something to practice walking with and push . I 'm not happy at all with the durability . She is constantly pulling the mailbox slots off -LRB- they come off VERY easily -RRB- and has squished her fingers in them on more than one occasion . Once she pulls them off , she likes to stand in the opening thing which looks really cute but it 's really dangerous as I can just see her tumbling backwards . She is n't interested in the toy things - the catepillar is too hard to move back and forth . Overall , I wish I would have bought one of the Fisher Price walkers - they seem much sturdier and do n't have parts that come off so easily.I would recommend you shop around before purchasing this one .
 We received this as a gift for my third child . The older two used a wonderful one that gave out after the second one and unfortunately , they 're not made anymore . This one only has two advantages over the old one
 My husband and I bought this toy for my 8 month old daughter . We liked it because it was the only one on the market that had '' cruise control '' and we thought that would be important since we have hardwood floors . We spent almost an hour putting it together and then we let the little one try it out . At first she was so excited to play with the toys . But as soon as she opened the mail box and started to climb up . The the flap popped off and she fell on the front of the walker busting her lip . Needless to say it went back to the toy store and we bought the playzone activity walker . She likes the colors , sounds and sturdy craftsmanship better than the little tikes .
 While in the sit down position playing with this toy , my daughter got her foot stuck inside the corner of the blue handle opening . It might seem hard to believe , but she had her ankle wedged inside where the blue handle tapers down to the walker . I immediately threw the walker in the trash . This will never happen to me again . Luckly I was right there to remove her foot , and it was not easy ! I was very scared her foot was going to be broken . Can you image your baby with a cast on its leg ? Its just not worth it .
 i bought this toy for my 7month old son who was standing and walking while holding on to things but this toy was a total waste of money . he did great walking while holding on to it for a while but if he pulled back on it both him and the toy would hit the floor and then after he started walking at 8months , he could rip the covers off the front way ... too easily and once he realized that they would come off so easily , he continuously pulled them right off and walk around with it in his hand while never bothering with the rest of the toy so it was pretty much useless after that .
 I bought this toy for my twin boys ' first birthday . As everyone has said , the doors come off VERY easily . I am sick of picking them up off the floor . It also falls over backwards very easily . It falls over backwards onto my sons when they try to sit down holding onto the handle . One of my sons likes to touch the bee on the front while he is holding onto the handle standing behind the toy . It falls over backwards on top of him !! This toy is not very sturdy for small children trying to learn to walk . I expected a lot better quality from Little Tykes .
 I purchased this toy for my 9mo . son and he has had nothing but accidents with it . The doors on the front are very easily removeable leaving a step for the child to step up and climb on top of the unit causing the unit to topple over child and all . The doors need to be permanent fixtures on the unit . The unit also is called wide tracker activity walker . This unit is n't any wider than the traditional activity walkers previously out on the market . I personally have n't been pleased with this purchase .
 DO NOT BUY this walker . My son uses it to help him walk , but he is more interested in pulling the doors off and throwing them all over the room . The fact that everything comes apart distracts him from the real purpose of the walker ... to help him take steps on his own ! Instead he sits down to pull off parts .
 We bought this walker on sale when my daughter was only 2 months old . Now at 9 months , she is walking well on her own with no thanks to this walker.The brakes on this walker are all but useless - the wheels just do n't like to go , period . In addition to that , the toy is so lightweight that pulling up is impossible because the baby will end up falling backwards -LRB- in my case , always falling on her head instead of landing on her butt -RRB- . As far as the doors go , my baby thinks that it is the greatest game in the world to take them off and have mom replace it ! And she has n't even begun to figure out how to put the `` mail '' in the mail holders on the side.This is a really cute looking toy , but the functionality lacks .
 We bought this for my 10 month old daughter . Where do I start . The brakes do not prevent this contraption from slipping and sliding sideways and forward so every time she hangs on she slides face forward on the ground . Now she is afraid to walk with it . She will try to put the envelopes in the mail slot , which just like the others has broken off countless times and she has cut her face from falling forward . Dont leave your child alone with this product .
 I have this for my 12 month old son . It is not sturdy at all . Do n't buy this with the idea that it will help balance your child and assist in walking . It is so flimsy that it tips over anytime my son tries to pull himself up.The only thing he liked about it is the plastic envelopes that he could remove . He lost interest in this toy in about a week .
 We bought this item for our 10 month old 's First Christmas . At first he loved walking with it but he soon became distracted by removing the front two doors . He then only became interested in trying to sit and stand inside the area the doors were removed from . I think the doors coming off so easily is a dangerous feature . My son leaned on one of them and it snapped off and he fell into the walker and scratched his face . I personally think it should be recalled . The bugs in the front are very hard for a small child to manuever . I am going to look for a better walker .
 MY SON GOT THIS AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT WHEN HE WAS 7 MONTHS OLD . RIGHT FROM THE START HE WAS PULLING OFF THE MAIL SLOT DOORS . I 'D PUT THEM BACK ON AND HE 'D TAKE THEM RIGHT OFF . SO I FIGURED I 'D PUT IT AWAY UNTIL HE WAS STARTING TO WALK . NOW THAT HE IS , THIS TOY IS STILL USELESS . THE WHEELS HAVE A LOCKING FEATURE , BUT WHETHER IT 'S ON OR OFF , THE WHEELS DO N'T SEEM TO MOVE WELL , THEY JUST DO N'T SEEM TO GO AROUND . AND AS FOR THE BEE AND THE WORM , IT 'S HARD TO PUSH THEM TO PLAY WITH . I HATE THIS TOY AND WISH I NEVER OPENED IT .
 Use your twenty bucks as payment toward a better toy than this . I have many problems with this `` walker . '' First , it is not a walker . If my son tries to pull himself up on it , it topples over and falls on top of him . It 's constructon is chintzy and too light . My son can pick it up.The instructions consist only of pictures and are hard to understand . As others have written , those front doors come off very easily . My 7 month old can pull them off with ease.Also , the manufacturer instructions recommend the toy for 9 months and up whereas the box recommends 6-36 months . Which is it?The `` parent-controlled '' speed settings can be just as easily controlled by the baby , which makes this toy dangerous . You never know when your child has been playing with the speed setting , and before you know it , they 've changed it , try to walk , and end up flopping on their face and splitting a lip when the walker gets away from them.There is not even that much for baby to do on the toy . The toys are simple and unappealing . The only allure is for him to try to pull himself up on it or use it as a stepping stool , both of which are dangerous.I feel taken advantage of . Little Tikes has made us believe that this is a real toy that will keep our children occupied through various stages of their development . But really , it is a waste of time , hard to assemble , unentertaining and dangerous toy . It hurts me that its sale has been so popular , and that is only because of the low price and the deceptive information on the box that make this walker seem like it is much more than it is .
 My mother got this for my 9 month old baby when she started to show interest in walking with support . We went home that night and put it together . It was easy to assemble and I thought it would be a cute toy for her . I was wrong . That morning we showed it to her as soon as she got up . I noticed how light weight the toy was and how easily she could lift the back wheels off the floor when whe was pushing it . We had to walk with her and hold the back wheels down . In her room she pushed it up against the wall and I thought she should be ok because now that it is stationary she would play with it . Well , she got behind the toy and lifted it up , the wheels buckled under and she flipped right into the wall . I realized that the wheels sit out in front of the activity board and when she lifted it up , there was nothing to stop it and she went over the top . We immediately took it back to the store and bought her another toy to push -LRB- the red car with the shape inserts on the front and the back legs can convert to a seat for when she is older . She loves this ! -RRB- . I did contact the company about this wide tracker activity walker and they were very responsive . I do not recommend this toy , but I was pleased at how the company handled my complaint .
 This is a very dangerous toy . It tips over when the baby uses the handle to pull up . It is completely unstable . Do not buy it unless you want your child to fall over backwards and hit her head very , very hard .
 This toy is really unsafe for the baby . It has easy access front doors and when doors are off it creates a look a like step in the front of the walker . My baby thinks that she can climb on it . Couple times I catch her standing on this look a like step and trying to climb over the walker . We are lucky she did not hurt herself .
 I bought this walker for my ten month old and 2 mins after we put it together , the doors are pulled off . They do n't stay on and the `` letters '' then just fall out and it 's very hard my son to turn it . I packed it up and brought out my daughter 's old fisher price walker , much better quality !
 WE bought this for our daughter to play with when she was learning to walk . THe mail is difficult to put into the holders and it frustrated her . The little drawers that open up to put items in fall off the cart ! After using it a few times , the bottom one fell off completely , causing a huge temper tantrum of frustration . IT does adjust in its speeds -LRB- ie it gives more resistance for those that are still unsteady -RRB- which is nice .
 I didnt like this toy at all . As all the others say , the plastic door on the front come right off . My baby enjoys putting the letters in , but they slide right out . Very poor construction .
 I bought this toy with the hope that I could encourage my 9 month old to start walking . He pulled off the pieces and scattered them everywhere . For 1/2 the money I found another similar toy that works just as well .
 We bought this when my daughter was ready to start walking . She was able to stand by herself , and sometimes would make a step or two . So we thought it would help her to learn walking , however this toy did not help at all . The tires are plastic , so they slide very easily , which means a child has to run very fast in order not to fold down , because as soon as a child presses on the handle , the walker starts sliding forward like it 's on ice.The leters and other `` fun '' features of the toy are ok , and my daughter played with them a little , but she was not really excited about the toy .
 I purchased this toy for my son Kaden when he was about eight months and starting to pull up and take a couple of steps . I looked at many walkers , and say that this one won one of those parent choice awards and thought that it would be a great choice , plus price wise it was one of the less expensive and I loved the idea of the door , because my son is obsessed with opeining and shutting things . This toy was an utter disaster . It was a pain to assemble it all in the first place , and it is is so dangerous because everytime my son would lean on one of them , seeing as he could n't stand or walk really well by himself yet , the door would pop off and he would fall and hit his head on it . The doors are now in the bath tub , and it is rarely played with . The only positive thing I have to say is that the speed control is good and the white frame does have a thick chunky style that makes it sturdy . All of the other add ons including the bugs and doors are just horrible , and the mail just falls right out of the slots . I ca n't believe Little Tykes puts its name on this toy . It is absoulutley my most disappointing toy purchase to date.Do yourself a favor and buy the new Leap Frog walker . I wish I had , but I saw it just the other day and they did not make it when my son needed one .
 I just watched my 10 month old daughter topple over with this contraption on top of her . From the moment we put this thing together my wife and I were concerned about it . If you have hardwood floors be prepared to chase your child around as the walker simply slides uncontrollably across the floor . My biggest criticism is that the weight distribution is totally screwed up . Presumably , this walker is being used by children who are learning to walk . When our daughter pulls herself up on the handle , there is not enough weight in the front to prevent the walker from tipping over . I 'm no engineer , but something about the design is all wrong . Ours is going in the trash .
 I was really disapointed in this toy . I have had NUMEROUS little tykes products over the years -LRB- my oldest 22 , youngest 8 mths . -RRB- and I expected the same quality . . but was let down with this toy . When my son trys to pull up to this toy , so he can walk with it , it flips over backwards with him , and he falls hurting himself . The little snap on pieces on the front just pop right off with little effort . This was a waste of money , fortunately it did n't cost to much .
 Just put this together for my 7-month old who is starting to stand and cruise . Like the other reviewers , I was shocked at how easily the doors came off . He tried to stand using one hand on a door , and it came off and he fell . This is going back to the store !
 My daughter likes to play with this toy and walks ok with it , However the handle is constantly coming off/apart and the other parts come off easily too . When she gets the front panels off , she immediatly starts climbing up it . She doesnt really use the bugs that move either . I 'm not very satisfied .
 This product is just awful . My son -LRB- 10 months -RRB- rec 'd it as a Christmas gift and it stands there empty all of the time . The doors fall off . The sticker inside says `` removable door for easy acess '' . What a joke . I bet that sticker was an after thought when they realized how bad of a product it really was . I am sick of putting this thing together 10 times a day . When my teenagers were young , I trusted the name `` little tikes '' because their toys were usually better than the others because they seemed to be more rugged and used heavier plastics . It 's a shame how they have changed . I am very dissapointed . - Lisa
 It 's cute , it holds my 11 month 's old attention for a brief period . She loves to place the mail in the slots . The slots do not stay on they do fall off quit easily . But they slip in pretty easy too . It 's a great push toy . Do n't expect much . It is pretty flimsy . The bright colors are attractive though .
 This walker is not very sturdy . It tips over easily . The toys on the front are not easy to use or very engaging .
 It was easy to put together . I just wish it would stay together . The doors on the front for the pretend mail are worthless . I wish this toy had more activity things for the child to be impressed with , because I was not ! Get another walker toy , I would not recommend this one .
 As other users have stated - there is not enough weight at the base of this toy to keep it grounded when a child is using the handle to pull up . It does fall on the baby when he falls using it . This toy is being thrown away at my house - my morals will not allow me to sell or donate it risking the endangerment of another child .
 This toy is not recommended for babies learning to walk . It is flimsy and when my son falls backwards it winds up falling on top of him and frightens him , sometimes even hitting his face . There should be more weight to the bottom of the thing to help keep it stable . I wish I knew this before I purchased this item . Instead of assisting my baby with walking , it hurts him .
 This push-toy is nice when pushed . But the doors come off very easily and once they are off , my daughter climbs into the shelf on the front of the toy . That is very dangerous ! Plus , the busy-box features on the front are lame , and the `` letters '' are a waste , they just wind up scattered all over the house . I wish we 'd gotten her a different walker .
 this is a terrible toy ! Like all of the other reviews say the mail doors come off way to easy . Both of my boys would try to walk with it but the toy would not stay up and they both just fell on there backs . And then within 2 days the toy would just collapse ! Once I walked in the boys bedroom just in time to see one of the boys standing on the toy where the doors are supposed to be lifting himself up to the crib and almost falling . I just with I could return this toy . What a waste of money and it is too dangerous to donate .
 I bought this for my son when we was 9 months old -LRB- he had been walking around the furniture for over a month -RRB- . My main complaint about this toy is that the doors come off very easily . Garrett loved the letters and opening the doors but as soon as they came off he was scooting them around the floor . I think he used the walker feature 2 or 3 times . I returned it after a few weeks .
 I bought this for my 10 month old son . It is pretty sturdy , however , the doors as well as the envelopes that come with it are lost somewhere in the house ! The doors do come off with little or no effort and thus making it possible for my son to climb onto it and stand , which makes me very leary to turn around for a moment , because it looks like he will tip over . He played with it for approximately 30 minutes and his 4 year old brother like to use it to try to run over him and the dog with it ! I like the speed control of the wheels , but would be better if the wheels clicked or made noise of some kind . It does n't teach you anything at all ! Keep on looking unless you are prepared to keep putting on the doors and not let them climb on it !
 Not worth the money . There are better walkers out there . I agree with some other posts that the little doors or whatever you call them come of way to easy . I am sick of picking them up off the floor . I got this because my son loved the walker a friend of mine had for their baby , so I figured they were all alike and bought this one . I was wrong . He hardly touches this one , but loves any OTHER walker he comes in contact with . Not enough integrated toys on this one to make him happy - especially once the doors fall off .
 This walker is unstable and falls over when my baby tries to pull himself up . It also collapses when my baby tries to walk with it . It is probably the worst one I have ever seen . Save your money , and save your baby from a horrible fall . Do n't buy this walker !
 I bought this walker whe my son was standing up on his own and trying to learn how to walk . It was too dangerous for him to use before he could walk because it would tip over whenever he leaned on it . Now that he can walk , it is too dangerous for him to use because he tries to climb on it and it tips over . So I would not recommend this toy .
 My son tried to pull himself up with the handle of this toy , and as the toy tipped backwards , he fell backwards and hit his head on the floor . He did n't want to give up though and proceeded to try again . Same result , except for the fact that we caught him this time . This walker tips backward . Did n't work . Returning it .
 This walker is okay . I like the fact that you can control how fast it can go with the adjustment on the wheels , but the darn doors do n't stay on -LRB- do n't know where they are at this moment -RRB- and the mail envelopes are with them too ! It does n't tip easy at all , very sturdy . But , would be nice if the wheels clicked or made some noise while in motion . My 11 month old son enjoyed this toy for approximately 1/2 hour and my four year old loved to try to run over his brother and the dog with it ! It does fold down easily , but overall , I could have spent my money on another toy that keeps an interest a little bit longer ! There is no learning or teaching of anything with this toy .
 This walker was purchased for my 9 month old little girl as a gift . The minute I put it together it started falling apart . The mailbox doors never stay on because my daughter is always taking them off . One of the doors are missing now as well . The other little bugs on the toy she never touches because they are to hard to move . However , she does like to run around the house pushing the cart , then she falls over on her face and the toy comes tumbling down on her . -LRB- So much for the `` adjustable wheels '' -RRB- I do not feel this is a quality toy , there are better and safer walkers out there .
 I bought this walker after much debate over the fisher price one . The only reasons I decided on this one was because it said you could adjust the speed of the wheels , and because we have purchased many `` Little Tykes '' products in the past and had been happy . WELL ... You ca n't adjust the speed of this walker because it just slides on the floor . And Those Stupid Pieces Of CRUD Mailbox doors keep getting pulled off . I have twin girls and after they would pull off the mailbox doors , one will stand in the dang walker while the other one pushed it ... can you say `` emergency room here we come '' ! Neadless to say-I have now put this one in the closet and went to buy the Fisher Price light and sounds walker ... much better !
 I bought this toy for my 8 month old son who is learning to walk . It was not a good buy for me . It is made cheaply and is not worth the money I spent on it . Not only do the doors come off but the slider toys do not slide well . The speed control on the wheel does not work either . Beware of buying this toy !
 Once our daughter figured out how to remove the mailboxes -LRB- very little pressure -RRB- , she started standing in the activity walker . We have taken this toy away from her because it poses such a danger .
 I bought this walker for my daughter loving the idea that the `` speed '' was adjustable . My daughter is almost 9 months old , and is ready to take off `` cruising '' ; but we just do n't have much for her to cruise around , so I thought that if this walker was slow enough for her , it would be a great beginner walking toy for her . I got it home , put it together , and she loved it instantly . Especially the spinning flower . BUT , when she tries to hold onto the handlebar and go , it falls on top of her ! The legs are set way too close to the body of the toy , so it gives absolutely no balance whatsoever . Unless your kid is so secure on their feet that they never wobble , this is not the toy you are looking for . I took it back immediately , within an hour of purchasing it .
 Yes , unfortunately I have to agree w/what a lot of parents are saying ... my 101/2 month old daughter who loves to `` cruise '' is not that interested in this other than to take off the doors -LRB- which come off WAY too easily -RRB- and then she stands on it which seems incredibly unsafe . This is not a good choice .
 I was sooo excited to see this product and thought it would be perfect for my baby girl . So when grandma brought it home , we were thrilled and tried it out right away ! When it is folded down on the ground , she loves it ! All though the little doors just snap right off , she 'll just play with the door , too . But she 's learning to walk and thats the part I liked best , until she actually started walking with it . She lost her balance and fell backwards and the toy went backwards with her and smacked her in the face !!! This happened everytime she tried to pull up on it as well . So I have put it away in the closet for now . So be careful not to let your little one use this toy on hard surfaces !!! They might crack their head and smack their face at the same time !!!
 Not a very good toy for a young child . It is too lightweight and it tipped over backwards everytime my daughter tried to walk behind it . This caused her to bang her head on the floor many times . Also the doors on the front come off very easily , so my daughter uses it as a step to climb on and even used it to help her climb up onto the couch .
 I purchased this toy for the sole purpose of helping my baby to stand and then walk . He can stand if he pulls up on a couch or similar.Unfortunately , this product is so light and flimsy that it topples with the smallest amout of pressure . There 's no way my baby can pull himself up on this toy unless I hold it , and then what 's the point.In addition , I agree with several of the other parents ' comments about the flaps being EASY to come off and then a hazard . My son loved -LRB- in the 1 day we owned it -RRB- to pull off the flap with the spinning disk and then promptly got his hand caught and pinched in it as he tried to lean on it.He did love biting the plastic envelopes , oh boy.I returned this product .
 We just purchased this toy a few days ago . The doors on the front are detachable and they detach way too easily . My son was pulling himself up on the toy and the doors fell out and he bumped his head on the toy . Now he has a big shiner on his head . I am so upset that Little Tykes did n't know better , it is very dissapointing . Dangerous toy !
 My son who is now 15 months old got this when he was 8 months old and just learning to stand and `` cruise '' . My son still uses it , and loves to push it around . However , this item was purchased new , and since day one , the mailboxes have yet to stay on . They keep falling off even with the smallest amount of pressure ... so we just now leave them off because frankly , they 're useless at this point . The workmanship is poor . So in essence , this toy is just used to push around the house ... and little else . I hope other people who have gotten this do n't have the same trouble ! I 'm just glad I did n't shell out my own money for this !
 My husband choose this activity walker because of the speed control feature thinking it would be safer on hardwood floors . I expected a Little Tikes product to be sturdy , but I am very disappointed in this one . My nine month old pulled the mail doors off within the first minute he began playing with it . I am also concerned with the safety the back wheels . The back support is very unstable and appears as if they might snap off at the least amount of pressure . I would not recommend this activity walker , there are much sturdier and safer choices than this .
 Like nearly ALL of these reviews , I was really excited to buy this product for my 1 year old who is just beginning to `` cruise '' . Not 5 minutes after I 'd put the toy together , she had crawled up on the green mail flap , it snapped off , and she fell to the base . No split lip , but a flurry of tears . I ca n't believe how poorly-made those doors are ! An infant can pull them off ?! I agree with one of the reviewers stating that that alone should be reason for a recall . As well as this , the toy -LRB- when collapsed -RRB- is not flat enough to provide a sturdy base for a budding and unstable new walker to play on . Very disappointing .
 I bought this walker because it looked nice and sturdy for my 11-month-old , who can not wait to walk on his own . He rarely uses it as a walker though . He 's more interested in pulling the doors off the front of it , and on more than one occasion has used it as a climbing tool . Once he even fell and split his lip open . The doors on this thing should be attatched better , and barring that , the toy should be recalled .
 We bought this one for our son because we liked the option of being able to control the wheel speed -LRB- our two year old learned on the Fisher Price model -RRB- . While we were pleased with the speed control button , the front pieces fall off so easily that our little guy falls repeatedly while trying to play with them because one light touch makes them fall off . And , frankly , it adds one more thing that I 'm constantly putting back together during the day !! Hope that Little Tykes redesigns the front to fit a bit more snugly . Otherwise , we 'd recommend it .
 This is a tough one . Overall I would rate this toy as fair . It 's not terrible and my daughter , when she was stable and could walk with a walker , used this and did fine.But the doors on the front are a PAIN . They have fallen off at least 100 times and for this reason alone , I would say get another walker . It 's just not worth the minor irritation of having to constantly put them back on when there are many other walkers that do n't have this issue . We moms have enough little battles to fight every day than to have to `` put back '' pieces that should not be falling off every single time the little one gets his/her hands on it . My son uses it now and it 's just the same thing . Sorry - not worth it .
 These were cheap , flimsy and poor quality . I wish I had n't bothered to buy them .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 This is just as flimsy as the less expensive models . No bag included for stones and hinges broke off the first week .
 How can it be so difficult to get a decent mold and at least assemble the parts without gaps and seams showing?The poor sheep is so deformed it barely stays on its feet . If it was n't for my animal crazy grandson sitting next to me when I opened the package and latched onto these creatures I would have sent it back with an appropriate note of what you can do with these poor excuses of animals.Shame on you for selling such junk !
 Bought all 3 sets -LRB- jungle animals , domestic pets & farm animals -RRB- based on the raving reviews but only to be disappointed ! Thank goodness though I bought them on sale , it 's definitely not worth what they are charging for ! Poorly crafted , the bigger animals -LRB- dog , gorilla , horse , cow -RRB- all appears to be `` decapitated '' - the sewn line right around the animal 's necks ; Mr. Giraffe occurs to have a severe hemorrhage - rather unpleasant ! . Where the sewn line met , edges are jagged , bad paint job -LRB- lead based paint ? -RRB- not that realistic as some reviews claimed.My 18 month old son did have a blast with them -LRB- bravo for those jumbo sizes -RRB- ; however to an animal friendly/loving/savvy parent , it 's rather disturbing to have to explain to the young child why the cat and the dog -LRB- catzilla & dogzilla ? -RRB- are much bigger than the cow!Paid almost 3 figures for all 3 sets -LRB- total of 15 animals -RRB- . Look around - I found same quality , tag smaller animals for a fraction each at Walmart . Only set-back with those from Walmart are that there is only limited variety of animals . Ugh , we could have had a safari of 90 animals at that price !
 I was expecting solid sturdy plastic animals but these are not them . My daughter received them for her second birthday off her amazon wishlist . Now what we have them I wish I had never put them on there . They are hollow plastic and all of the large animals have rings around their necks where two pieces were put together . The quality of the rings varies wildly . On the pig it is barely noticeable yet the head of the goat is attached very poorly . If this had not been a gift I would be returning it .
 I read the reviews before I purchased this item for my one year old 's birthday . A lot of them claimed that the product had a terrible odor ... they were right ! I am going to try soaking them in water & bleach before I give them to him and hope that helps . They are a great size and I know he will love them , I just hope I can get rid of the smell ! I hope it does n't mean they are unsafe for children ...
 We bought this set because our boy likes farm animals.Upon receiving them , we opened the box and it stinks from chemical off-gassing . The paint they use is cheap , and several brush ` touch-ups ' have been done to it.The paint does not seem safe , and I would never trust this product to be non-hazardous for my kid to put in his mouth . That is NOT going to be a possibility to worry about , because these are going straight to the trash . Be warned.The chemical stink also stays on your hands after handling them . Disgusting.Besides the scary chemical issues , this set is ugly . The molds are very low quality . The paint bleeds into the contrasting colours , and the animals do n't stand up on their own.To conclude , I would feel like an immoral person to donate this toy . It belongs in a land fill , and should never have been made.Please do n't buy them . I am contacting the Consumer Product Safety Commission about this product , as I believe it is unsafe .
 Pros : - larger size toy animals , which are hard to find-not `` cartoonish `` Cons : - as other reviewers mentioned , the cheap quality of these do NOT justify the high price-these have thick seams around the necks-strong plastic smell-made in China -LRB- if that matters to you -RRB-
 These are made of cheap plastic with paint smears . Not only that , but there was a REALLY strong chemical odor when I opened the box/interior bag . Without any indication of what these are made of , I felt uncomfortable giving them to my toddler to play with , and likely chew . The cleaning instructions say to use a dry cloth , which is a ridiculous requirement for a child 's toy . Do n't waste your money . I was unable to return this item as I had already opened the box and interior bag before finding the issues noted above .
 I ordered the Jumbo Farm Animals , the Dinosaurs , and the Jungle Animals . The Dinosaurs were the only ones worth the money . The horse and the Elephant -LRB- Jungle -RRB- do not stand . The legs are not all the same length , so they tip over . My 2 year old son loves playing with them , but I just do n't think they were worth the money . I was definitely disappointed . Like another reviewer mentioned , the animals all have rings around their necks where they were molded together . The size is good , but the quality is bad .
 I loved the set of Jumbo Resource Animals my daughter had so I ordered the zoo , jungle and farm set for myself -LRB- $ 59.97 ! -RRB- I got 2 bags of dime-store toys worth about $ 3.00 per bag . Now I find out I have n't returned them in time so I 'm just out the $ 59.97 ! I was n't home to even see what was going on until just recently-is there any recourse ???? LaLa
 While these animals are inexpensive , the quality is cheap . Would be nice play / learning toys , but the wafting smell of cheap plastic scares me as any toddler will put them in his mouth .
 This cap gun looked nice and seemed well constructed , BUT it would not advance the roll of caps . Therefore , it could not be used as a cap gun .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I have been waiting since November 15th -- was to be delivered before December 1st . This is the 12th of December and still have not heard from the seller . The seller E-Mail address does not work !!!! No contact what so ever from the seller .
 I was disappointed in the actual appearance of these blocks for my son 's 2nd birthday ... small and `` boring '' . Wish I would 've searched more for larger blocks that had more inspiring colors / prints on them ...
 I was very disappointed with this toy . The quality was terrible . The neck was very flimsy and it did n't hold the head up . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 If these blocks have a prop 65 warning -LRB- known to cause cancer -RRB- does n't that mean they are dangerous ? Check info on item . No one else seems to have noticed this.Ive noticed many melissa and doug items here on amazon have the prop 65 warning and it makes me wary to purchase them .
 Do not buy products for your children from this Melissa and Doug outfit . I made the mistake of thinking that because I was buying from them via Amazon and because the block sets I was buying were traditional and had been manufactured for years and years that I would be receiving quality merchandise . Big mistake . Within five minutes of setting the blocks in front of my grandchild , she was getting red and blue dye from the blocks all over her hands and clothes . If the paint used on these blocks has not been sealed properly -LRB- and who knows what is in it -RRB- your child could be poisoned within minutes of playing with them . We did n't even open the other box of alphabet blocks I bought which had been given to another child as a gift . All this rubbish is going straight back to Melissa and Doug or Cheap and Nasty -- whatever they call themselves ... with a request for a complete refund You can not manufacture and distribute cheap and/or dangerously painted toys to children and expect to be in business long .
 These building blocks are way too small - you ca n't build much of anything with them unless you stack tons of pieces on top of each other carefully ... which is impossible for a toddler , and my assumption was that this set was meant for younger kids . A toddler ca n't do much with blocks that are 1 inch x 1 inch square . Another negative is that the blocks are super lightweight - you need some weight in a good building block in order to balance things when you 're stacking them . My son initially tried to play with these , but he quickly lost interest after every tower he built containing more than three 1-inch blocks fell over . The color is nice , but the paint has begun to chip after minimal use . I 'll be ditching this set and getting something larger and more heavy-duty . I would have expected better quality from a Melissa & Doug toy .
 I was extremely upset when my son dumped these blocks out on Christmas morning . First off , about a third of the box was filled with sheets of styrofoam , was that to make me think I was getting bigger blocks ? Why not just make the box the size it needed to be . Second , the blocks were not uniform in size . Such as , some square blocks are smaller than the other square blocks . This makes it extremely difficult to build anything that will actually stand for longer than a few seconds . My 31/2 yr old gets very frustrated with these blocks . I will be looking for a replacement set from a different company .
 The pieces of this set are much too small . I bought this for my two year old grandson . Much too little for his little hands . He does n't play with them at all . Really disappointed .
 The wooden blocks that I just ordered and received are not at all what I had hoped they would be . I worry about the paint quality -LRB- made in `` China '' -RRB- and the size of them is not what I had hoped . I wanted to add another set to the set I currently have -LRB- purchased 20 years ago , and are like new -RRB- made by My Child 's Destiny ... sorry Melissa & Doug , but I am going to have to return them .
 For those of you that find this piece of information important to your buying decision , I thought I would pass this information along to you .
 Too bad it is made in China like all their other toys . I used to be loyal and willing to pay more ! Give me back the old M and D days .
 I was wanting to supplement my dwindling set of blocks and these looked like just the right thing . I was careless in not checking on dimensions of the blocks . These blocks are from 1 '' to 3 '' and about four times smaller than the set I had . I did n't even open the cellophane wrapping but will donate them . I was mad at myself for not being more careful .
 This is a durable , quality toy . Colors are vivid and the paint endures constant falling/smashing . However , pieces are too small for any child less than 4 ; not because they can not hold it but because they do not provide adequate stability when the child tries to build something . If the pieces are not leveled perfectly , they fall apart with the slightest touch because they are too small , narrow , and LIGHT . And if your child is less than 4 years old , s/he probably will not have the patience to built up anything that falls apart constantly . Overall , toy has very good material quality , but I would go for sets with bigger pieces if the child is not 4 or older .
 I was very disappointed by this purchase as the blocks have a very strong smell from the paint . I got a headache from it and did n't let my child play with them afterwards . I expected more from this company .
 I have purchased several M$ D wooden toys , and they are all of good quality . So I was disappointed what I opened the box
 I would n't recommend this . I totally agree with Tracy 's comment . They are way too small . I thought the price was great but when I saw them in the store I was so disappointed .
 Although it was my fault for not reading the age recommendations , this set would not even be fun for a 3 year old . I thought by looking at the pictures that this was a traditional set of blocks that you can build nice big castles with . I opened the box saw how small each block was and packaged it right up for return . Plus I read the other reviews about the paint fading decided this was n't worth the $ . Returning this week .
 I was going to give these blocks as a birthday gift , however after I received them I realized I could not . The blocks are very small . The packaging is very deceiving making it look like there are more blocks .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 This thing , is now regular gundam model kit that you do it yourselfIt sells only 15 dollars in Japan , why you sell it for more than 30 dollars ?!
 I am disappointed in these blocks . They are much smaller than I had anticipated ... definitely a choking hazard for smaller children in the house .
 The blocks were a lot smaller than I was expecting . Some could easily fit in a little ones mouth . I do not let my youngest play with the blocks without adult supervision , for fear of a choking hazard .
 The box says that assembly is frustration free . This was anything but that . The assembly was a total nuisance . The instructions were poorly written , and some of the parts did not seem to fit together well . It took over 11/2 hours to put together and I have requested a few replacement parts which I hope fit better than those supplied.I am skeptical of the longevity of this product .
 First off , the two main pieces of the body are molded by some machine which leaves little pieces of hard plastic rattling inside both bodies . If you dont mind the bike rattling like its broken then this is not a problem ; otherwise you need to shake the pieces out of each of the parts of the body , kind of like getting a pick out of a guitar . I took off the flag cover part to do this . It was a long and tedious process.Secondly , the instructions have a list of required parts
 Do n't buy this bike unless your son is over 48 inches tall . Roughly 4years of age.My son was at 90th percentile in height at three years old . That makes him 39 '' tall . With the backrest on the lowest setting or closest to petals , his feet barely touches the petals with his legs fully extended and ca n't pedal bike . If he were to pedal the bike straight he will need an additional 3 inches in LEG length not 3 inches in overall height . Also when you turn the bike the pedal on the outside of turn moves even further away so he now needs an additional 3 to 6 inches of leg length to reach pedal . I estimate my son needs a minimum of 6 inches in leg length to reach pedals or 10 to 12 inches in overall height .
 Got this today for my 3 year old son . There is no way this is made for a child of 3 , even though the box says it is for kids age 3-7 . My son wo n't be able to ride this for at least a year.Super cool toy , and it seems sturdy enough , but honestly , by the time my kid is big enough to ride the darned thing , he will be riding a bicycle , not a toddler 's trike.Massive disappointment for my son who picked it out , and for my husband who wanted his kid to have a big wheel `` like Daddy used to have '' . Yeah , except Daddy was n't riding it around when he was 15 , which seems to be the age this monstrosity is built for.Now it just sits creepily in our house with nobody to ride it reminding me of The Shining .
 Got this for my 5 year old . The front tire just spins !! Do n't waste your money if you live on a dirt road or anything that is not a concrete driveway . They have to pull on the handle bars but this makes the tire spin . My son will not even try anymore . I had great hopes but was really let down .
 My son is almost 4 and is the tallest in his class -LRB- by far -RRB- and is BARELY able to reach the pedals . The seat wo n't fit properly into the holes and he has bruises all over his back after riding for a short time , even with a towel behind his back . The screws holding the flag tore out within a week .
 The kids loved it however the adjustable seat does not stay in the holes and falls out while being ridden . This is a definate hazard ! We ended up placing lg . Rubber bands around the pegs And this helps to keep the seat in the holes but I 'm really disappointed and would Not Recommend for this reason
 I have mixed feelings on this bike.The manufauctures age recommendation starts at 36 months , so we bought this for our daughters 3rd birthday . Before I go any further , let me start by saying my daughter is VERY tall for her age -LRB- 95th % -RRB- . She was so excited to get this but was quickly let down by the fact that she could not reach the pedals . Being handy , by husband & father-in-law made pedal extenders and she could still not reach the pedals . Now , over a year later , she is now 4 and 42 '' and can BARELY reach the pedals enough to actually pedal it -LRB- that 's with the pedal extenders we made that are 3/4 '' -RRB- . IF they adjusted the manufactures suggested age , I would still only give this 3.5-4 stars . Given that it has hardly been used in last year , I am not thrilled at how the plastic front wheel is already starting to crack . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because both of my kids -LRB- younger one is 14 months -RRB- do enjoy sitting on this while pushing the bike backward with their feet on the ground.I would only consider this bike if your child is at least 43 '' tall .
 I just got this for my son because his Original Big Wheel finally broke down . That being the very best riding toy * ever * , it was difficult to replace . You can no longer buy a quality version of the Original Big Wheel -LRB- company went out of business and new company producing is making a cheap/bad version ? -RRB- , so we got this . It looks cool , and the rubbery front wheel is great . Also love the flag . Bad things
 make sure to check all the parts before assembling . I did n't , and when I got to the final step it was missing a part . Other than that its a very sturdy trike . . I returned it and did buy another one .
 Nice but found the same bike at Walmart for $ 49 . So disappointed that I paid so much more . Wish I had shopped the price around .
 This product is JUNK !!! Made of all cheap plastic , not durable at all . My 4 year old wo n't ride it nor will any of his play friends . Total waste of money . If u want this item u can have the one I bought for free , really !!
 My 3 yr old loves this bike . He races around and spins out by quickly turning the handles - this is heart stopping the first time a parent watches . This down side is that he gets bruises on his back every time he rides it . I was very alarmed the first couple times I saw the bruising until I figured out what was causing them -LRB- not the nanny ! -RRB- . At 39 '' tall he can barely reach the pedals at the shortest seat setting . I think he is leveraging off the top of the backrest to get momentum and causing the bruising . I would n't not recommend this for kids until they get taller and can leverage with their legs better .
 We bought this for my daughter 's 9th birthday . Yes she is tiny . She loves it ! My only problem is that we have one pedal that is wanting to come off . Other than that it has been well used !
 I bought this for my 3 year old son who has always been considered tall for his age and he still ca n't ride this darn bike because his feet ca n't reach the pedal when he tries to ride it . The description of the bike says for 36 months but my son is now 3.5 years old and still ca n't ride this bike . Very frustrating ... plus he says the seat hurts his back . Very disappointed in overall purchase of this bike .
 Other than a VERY uncomfortable seat , this product was great for my 2 young sons ... for the first year that we had it . Shortly after the 1 year mark , the back tires just split down the middle and fell apart . I called Radio Flyer , who told me that it was out of warranty and there is nothing they could do ... I could pay for another wheel if I wanted to . WHAT ? I paid almost twice as much -LRB- compared to an original Big Wheel -RRB- for a product that I thought was made by a company known for durable products , and I barely get one year out of it ? The Big Wheel that we had previously lasted longer than this . I suggest spending less money and buying a Big Wheel . At least when you have to replace it , you wo n't be paying as much . Thanks , but no thanks , Radio Flyer .
 The manufacturer misaligned the metal plate on the wheel bar , so I was unable to put the wheel on at all because the little plastic fitting did n't go on it . Overall , I was expecting higher quality because of the name , but it 's a piece of junk . The entire thing is plastic , no real treads like advertised . The old ones from when I was a kid were much better and had more tread . After 11/2 hours of trying to assemble this thing , having taken it apart to see where I went wrong , I realized it was a manufacturer 's defect!To make this so much worse , this was my daughter 's `` big '' gift from Santa , the one she wanted the most . Now I have a big gift for her brother , and nothing for her . How sad is that !? What a terrible experience . I would recommend getting the Original Big Wheel over this any day ...
 Santa gave this toy to our daughter on her 3rd Christmas -- big mistake ! It 's been sitting in the corner collecting dust , because , even on the closest seat selection , her feet ca n't turn the peddles . At 31/2 and 3ft , 2 inches tall , it will be at least another six months , if not longer , -LRB- and she 's tall for her age -RRB- , before she 's able to even ride it . while it may be exciting at a taller age , she is asking why Santa gave her a toy she ca n't use yet . Grrrr .
 We bought this for our son 's big Xmas gift -- after three hours of trying to get it together , we realized it was n't going to happen as it was defective ! The metal plate was n't built correctly . This was a big disappointment overall .
 I wanted to get this particular tricycle because of the solid-wheel design -LRB- my son could n't get his fingers caught in the spokes -RRB- . The flag on the back of the bike is attached with screws . 2 of the three screws backed out the first day we had the bike . 1 stayed partially in the plastic and the other fell completely out . My husband is super good at assembling things , so I know it was n't an assembly error . This is obviously really dangerous for a toddler and I would n't recommend it .
 I bought this for my 5 year old son , after he outgrew his first `` big wheel '' type bike . I am incredibly disappointed and am going to call Radio Flyer to see if they 'll do anything for me . The seat does NOT stay on at all , it pops out constantly . The seat is also very uncomfortable for my son -LRB- when it stays on -RRB- and it hurts his back , so I have to drape a small blanket over it just for him to be able to ride . I 'm really disappointed because I was thinking this would last him the next few years ... we 've only had it a week or so and do n't want it !
 We were disappointed that it did n't have a hand brake as the big wheel does . It was hard to put together . May have to order a couple parts due to installation problems .
 Dear AllJust a little to share with people who may be intersted in this item . I bought this item because my son always asking for a bicycle . So we decide on purchasing it for him before his second birthday . The color is very nice , durable and have that pimp my ride look . Long and short my son ride this bike every day , its his new best freind on November 06 , 2009 he was riding it in the yard when the back part of it i.e. the rest for his back fell out he lost balance and drop back ways on his back burst his head leaving a hugh bump in the back ... My problem is that the back rest is not properly made to fit into the holes . I am aware of the issue the 1st time i pushed him myself , but never remember to mention to his grandma that whenever he is riding please make sure to be close to him , so that this incident could be prevented . Other than the back rest is not properly made if the child is big enough and can manage without the rest then he or she will be fine ...
 This is a pretty solid bike . It is a shame the pedals wo n't stay on it ! They fell off after only an hour . This is also best for older kids . It was way too big for my 2 year old . Seems that if they could make a better design for the pedals and lower the price a bit it would be better .
 This classic big wheel is so much fun for my 4 year old boy . However , the seat back is poorly designed . The design of the big wheel causes the child to lean back but the seat back is WAY too low . My son spent an hour riding his big wheel last night at a neighborhood party . He woke up this morning complaining that his back hurt . He has several deep bruises from leaning against the seat back as he was riding . He loves his `` motorcycle '' but is now scared to ride it . I would not buy this product until the design is changed !
 I bought this for my nephews 3rd birthday , thinking `` Well it 's a Radio Flyer , so I 'm sure it 's excellent quality '' ... Boy was I wrong . I do n't even know where to begin ... the plastic is cheap probably PVC based crap , yep pretty much the stuff they use to make milk containers out of . Brand new out of the box and the stickers are already peeling off . The inside of the toy had plastic bits shaking around . To assembly the toy you need four wrench 's -LRB- two sizes - one to hold one end and one to tighten , both on different size bolts -RRB- , a phillips screwdriver and a hammer ... so you need 6 tools to assemble a toy ... I use less tools to change the oil in my car . Above all else is the total disappointment you feel when you realize something you had as a kid which brings back so many fond memories has started using it 's name to sell crap manufactured in Asia . Profits before people ... pretty sad ... I just hope my nephew likes it anyway .
 We bought the radio flyer big flyer May 2011 for our twin grandsons ' three year old birthday . They could not reach the pedals with the seat all the way up . They are now fast approaching four years old and still can not reach the pedals . Any suggestions ?
 I bought this for my 3 year old son , but unfortunately he could n't ride it until months before he turned 5 -LRB- and he 's in the 75th percentile for height -RRB- . He rode it all morning in a parade on the 4th if July and later when we went swimming , he had 3 bruises on his back . We could NOT figure out why ... until we realized they were in the spots where the hard plastic screws together on the back of the seat . He had complained a little that morning , but we did n't realize what was happening . We bought him a bike that afternoon and threw the big wheel in the recycling - no way I want another child using this product !
 This trike is for at least 4 year olds . The pedals are way to far for my 31/2 year old to reach . She is frustrated trying to pedal it and has given up quickly . And when the steering is turned , the distance is even greater . I tried taping some cardboard to the pedals to raise the height , but even with that it 's too far away ! It seems Radio Flyer is trying to widen their customer base by lowering the age for this toy . If your child is below 4 years old , it will be a useless toy for them . Also , the flag was torn out of the tiny screwholes the first day .
 My son was so excited to get this cool-looking trike for his 4th birthday . For looks alone , it deserves 5 points . However , it does not move . The front wheel , which propels the trike , just churns , but does not grip , since it is made of hard plastic . So my son pedals , but he wo n't get anywhere . We tried it on concrete , asphalt and grass . Unless you are going downhill , it did not budge . The only upside
 This toy was purchased for a 5 year old boy who loves mechanical stuff and while at first he was interested , he only plays with it when his father can help him , Dad does most of the work putting it together - perhaps when he 's older he can do it by himself ? One or two of the plastic pieces broke by the 2nd use .
 When the battery pack got so hot that it started to melt , I returned the toy for a replacement . I got the replacement and put in 3 new name-brand batteries and the same thing happened again just second time we used it . My son noticed that the battery pack was getting hot , so I opened it up and nearly burnt my hand on the batteries . The batteries were bubbling and the plastic outer covering was melted . Keep in mind this is a brand new item after I returned the first one for the same problem . DO NOT BUY ! If you do , make sure you take out the batteries after every use or you may find your house on fire !
 Dad had to assemble this toy , it is fragile , but our 4-year old was fascinated with it . When It came apart , he was frustrated . Better for an 8-year old , at least . It is quite cute . It has about 6 lights that are part of the assembly , but 4 of them were `` burned out '' -- too dim to see . The others were very bright . A pricey toy to have come with burned out lights !
 We ordered this for Christmas , but the motor did not work . The toy without the motor is useless . Companies need to have better quality control .
 This toy is great in concept , but the actual toy needs some definate readjusting . It is somewhat difficult to get the pieces pushed on all the way , but even if you do get it all put together it still may not move . We still have not adjusted the gears correctly so that ours will actually move ; perhaps , it does n't . The other BIG problem is that if you do get it together , it is not easy to get apart again . Therefore , I do not see a child wanting to take it apart much and create many creations -LRB- The whole point and learning value behind it -RRB- . My child has completely tossed it aside , even though he was thrilled in the beginning to receive it . He loves to build , but this toy is too difficult and frustrating - even for me . I started to pull it apart and after getting several pieces off my fingers were sore . I too put it away . Oh well , I will chalk this one up as me getting so excited about a concept that I did n't listen to reviews .
 This toy has real potential to be fun and educational . My 7 year old son was excited to open it for Christmas ; however , it is super frustrating . We followed the directions exactly and the gears keep jamming and so the creations wo n't work properly . It 's no fun to spend time building something that wo n't work and just leaves your child frustrated and upset . I would n't recommend this set .
 My son really enjoyed this toy , but after just one month , the truck started to overheat and would not work . There was nothing we could do to fix it , and I no longer had my receipt or the box to return it . The idea for this toy is wonderful , but it is poorly made . I would not reccomend it .
 We have the Tonka Town Police Station , and based on it 's construction , we wo n't get other Tonka Town pieces . It has a lift to bring the car to the top of a corkscrew ramp . The lift is tight at the top , my 3 year old has a hard time getting it all the way up . The ramp tracks do not snap tight so the elevator and the ramp come apart at least every other time , maybe more often . Also , the packaging is some of the toughest to get into , it took a lot of time to get this unpacked and assembled - only to have to continually reassemble.The cars are cute , but there is no enclosure , so they wo n't store with the track . Storing the playset itself is a problem as it has to be handled with care to not fall apart.The Tonka Town idea is a cute concept , a track is included which I assume allows sets to be connected , although who would buy another after having one ? Because he enjoys it when I play with him and literally hold it together we are going to try model glue to see if we can secure the parts . If it did n't fall apart and cause frustration the play rating would probably be fair . Also , the manufacturers must have assumed kids lack imagination as it comes with a built in story -LRB- the truck leaves the garage without paying and the police car chases him down -RRB- . In general it is a disappointment because it is a cute idea we want to work and when I was growing up I thought Tonka stood for tough and durable , but this set is flimsy and frustrating .
 I am so diaapointed in this toy its unreal . I recvd it as a gift for my sons 1st birthday and held it for the past two years until he turned three -LRB- as the reccomended age is 3 + -RRB- I finally let him have it today and boy we were both disappointed . It took ages to even try and snap together the cheap plastic pieces and when it seemmed like i finally had it -LRB- and had my 3 yr old clapping for me -RRB- its fell apart on the very first try . I was then unable to put it back together again . I am going ot try and take it back to toys r us but as i dont have a receipt at all ill see what happens .
 My son loves the truck and talking garage from this set so I could never return it . However , the pieces for the ramp will not snap together so it is impossible to play with that part . It would be a great toy if they put a little more time into its design . I thought at first perhaps mine was defective but after looking into other reviews it looks as if it is a poorly made toy . I think it is a great idea , the colors are wonderful and fun , the talking garage makes my two year old laugh and laugh but I can not reccomend it to others since it is impossible to play with the entire playset . It is surprising coming from Tonka who I trusted to be more durable .
 My husband and I bought this toy for our son for Christmas . WHAT A MISTAKE ! Although he likes Chuck , he would really like to be able to push him around more than watch him go in circles . He likes the boulders too . This toys is designed TERRIBLE !! I spend more time putting it back together than anything . The kids in my house range in age from 11/2 -7 and it falls apart on all of them . I would not reccomend spending -LSB- money -RSB- on this toy . You can get a lot better for your money on other things . I wrote a complaint to Hasbro we will see what they have to say for themselves . I would have returned it for a refund , but my son does like chuck and the boulders so I ca n't . I will NEVER by a TOnka Town toy again . What a rip-off
 do n't bother with this toy . it does not stay together long enough for play . because we bought it at full price , we gave it a good go , but just could n't get anything to work or stay together . toysrus was wonderful to exchange it for us !
 Please ... save yourself the money and DO NOT purchase this toy . It looks really cool , but within minutes of assembly it will fall apart and leave you with a fussy , frustrated child . Since my husband usually does the `` assembly '' work on our son 's toys , I figured I did something wrong putting it together ... NOPE ... It is just that cheaply made . Too bad . My son likes the idea of it . I have reassembled this toy a dozen times in a few hours and I am ready to return it ! The model I bought is actually the Police Station version and it sounds like they all have the same issues .
 What exactly is Chuck supposed to do ? After watching commericals and looking at the box in the toy store , I thought the truck would actually stop different places
 What exactly is Chuck supposed to do ? After watching commericals and looking at the box in the toy store , I thought the truck would actually stop different places
 This product was not at all what we had hoped for our one year old granddaughter : The handle is wobbly and the toy is very lightweight and tips easily . When an adult tries to push the car using the handle , the child has the steering capability instead of the adult and as a result , the car can go in circles and not where the adult intends to go . Since the long handle was supplied , it is assumed the manufacturer meant for an adult to be able to push and guide the car . However , if you tip the car back somewhat so that the wheels leave the ground and the adult can steer , the green stop at the back scrapes the ground , thus making steering of the car by an adult impossible . When using as a rocker , it rocks only slightly , not at all as a rocking car as is promoted . On the plus side , the sound effects are diverse and enjoyable . All in all , I am sorry I continued to search to find a distributer and ultimately ordered the Chicco 4 n 1 for our granddaughter . It is the most disappointing toy I have purchased for any of our grandchildren . Chicco Customer Service did not respond to complaint letter several months ago other than to say it was forwarded to another department .
 There have only been a very few things I regret buying my son but this thing definitely tops the list . At first glance , I was very impressed - a harness to keep him from falling off and a long handle I could use to push him along . I quickly learned that the handle is a joke - the only way I could `` steer '' this thing was to lift the front wheels of the ground and push my son around while doing a `` wheely . '' Moreover , the handle is flimsy and it felt like it was going to snap . Being resourceful , I decided to use it in `` rocker '' mode instead but it does n't even remotely rock . The only redeeming quality is the `` activity center . '' My son loves it and always runs over to push the buttons .
 This is a truly great looking product . You can tell that the designer spent a lot of time thinking of features that would make this toy attractive ... to parents . By trying to give multiple uses to this ride-on , Chicco made some big sacrifices . First , the handle is not sturdy enough to push the toy once the child is sitting on it . Assuming you manage to get the thing moving , then you cede control of your destination to your child as there is no way of steering this great piece of engineering . Second , the `` electronic activity center '' is one of the few pieces that will quickly catch your child 's attention . Within minutes your child will learn how to detach it and throw it to the ground.In summary , if you decide to buy this product and somehow decide to keep it , wear comfortable clothes when your child decides to start playing with it . You will have a pretty decent workout between trying to steer while pushing , and picking the `` activity center '' while pushing/steering . I was a big fan of Chicco products until I bought this item . I had to return it as soon as I could . Too bad , my son was having a great time playing with the box !!
 My 11 month old son really liked to ride this car . But it 's very unstable and tips easily to the side . He fell very hard to the side right in front of my eyes , it happened in a split second . He hit his head and face on the floor and got a big bump on his forehead and a bloody nose !
 Recently I purchased this 4 in 1 Ride on Car . I loved the features like how it can be 4 different types of a toy , and that it has buttons for different noises . Unfortunately , I am not very happy with a few of the features and plan on returning it . ** The first problem is a safety one . My 1 year olds feet slip off of the little feet area and have several times got caught under the car and dragged . The first time it happened , I did n't notice right away and the pavement friction was so much that his `` feety '' pajamas he was in started to rip on the feet . I noticed when he cried and I had to remove his feet from under the front of the car and put back on the foot holders . ** The second problem is the screw on the bottom has come out . Luckily someone noticed and I screwed it back in . ** The third problem is when I try to push my son along in a straight line the car constantly turns left or right . There is no feature to lock the frontThis toy is an award winner , which surprises me . I do not recommend .
 This ride-on was a gift when my son was 12 months old . It is VERY unstable and not durable . The only feature my son was interested in was the removable dashboard which plays music and makes different sounds . If you 're willing to spend extra money , I highly recommend the Radio Flyer sport coupe . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This looks like a great push/ride toy , but it 's so light and flimsy , it 's more of a hazard . We bought this when my daughter was 9 months , thinking she 'd grow into riding it , but it turns out , the best part of this toy is the controls that play songs and noises . First , the control `` center '' is not secure in the car - my daughter pulled it out and threw it across the room day one . Second , you can not push and guide the car , it 's too light , and only steers from the front . Last - and most important - if your child is not stable DO NOT let them in the car alone ever - it will tip when they want to get out , causing them to get caught -LRB- it happened once , and she was n't hurt thank god -RRB- . Now that she is 16 months - she likes to push it around , and play the songs - but that 's about it ... I 'd consider this an OK toy , but nothing great .
 This ride on car was a gift for my daughter to give her something fun to play with outdoors . I was hoping for something that I could take her on long walks with and that she could learn to steer and drive one day . Unfortunately , this was n't the case and I was glad to see from the other reviews , that it was n't just me having these issues . First , our car did not come with a seatbelt or strap . As my child was 9 months old at the time , I worried about her falling out of it even though she had good balance and control . When she tried to climb out of it , it could easily tip over . Once she grew and could steer this thing , she would turn in circles . The adult handle on the back does n't help you steer ! Instead , I had to hunch over and constantly turn the wheel to actually get us to go somewhere . I always end up with a backache after using this . My daughter does like playing with the music buttons and thinks it is fun to drive . I am looking for an alternative to this . Will be getting rid of this toy in the next garage sale !
 My son received this a gift , even though we already had a similar toy . We put it together when he was 9 months and he immediately tipped the thing over just by standing next to it and holding onto the side bars . We put it away for a month , and brought it out again . It has tipped with him in it , standing near it , and while pushing it from behind . And yes , I was using my brain and sitting near him to catch his fall . I 'm sorry but if you have to literally be holding your child and the toy together , it really defeats the purpose . You might as well hold him by the middle and practice walking that way . The radio/sound part of the toy is loved , but does not even snap in . It did at first , but came crashing to the floor on the first tip over and has n't fit right since . The snack tray on my Chicco travel system stroller had the same problem . While all I have are negative comments about my 11 month old using this toy , my 3 year old LOVES it . I do not think it is built to be stable enough for the age listed on the box . Sadly , it will probably be sold for $ 5 at our garage sale next weekend .
 I bought this on a whim at a toy store without checking the reviews first - what a mistake ! My little guy is nine months old and 21 lbs . and he was able to tip this over while he was riding in it . I was right by his side , but he tipped it away from me and was on the floor in the blink of an eye . It 's also impossible for an adult to steer , as mentioned in the other reviews . I really liked the idea of it being 4-in-1 and having the bars on the side , but in my opinion it is not safe .
 This product is unstable and tips over quite easily . Our child leaned to one side while seated in it and the car completely tipped over smashing his head to the ground . Our child is within the age and weight range specified by the manufacturer . I would not recommend this product and would further recommend that this product be taken off the market . Hope this review helps someone else protect their child from injury . RAD , Parent and Physician .
 My husband and I bought this car because it looked fun and because we thought it would last a while because of the different configurations it could be made into.Boy , we were wrong ! She did not like being in it at all , no matter which configuration we put it in . In , fact it seems that for a child her age/size the seat was too wide to be comfortable because it spread her legs so far out.Plus , like other reviewers said , when we tried to push her in it she held on to the steering wheel so that it was always turning and it made it hard to push her around . It 's an illogical design.After a few days of my daughter not liking it , we took it back to the store and bought the Step 2 Push Around Buggy . She loves that one ! It 's really comfortable for her and she can easily hold on to the fake steering wheel . I can push it more easily because she does n't control the steering . The Step 2 version does not have several configurations , but it 's more durable and sturdy and my daughter loves it so much I think she 'll get a lot of use out of it for a long time .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 i bought this because i wanted a Airhog Havoc copter , i was sent a cheap knock off that was not Airhog brand.i hit the floor one time and would not trim after that.Your not getting whats pictured.you get a less quality productthan what you order .
 Got this `` helicopter '' for Christmas for my son . Out of the box you could see it was cheaply made - its mostly Styrofoam.Charged the battery for an hour - followed all the directions - the thing flew in circles for about 10 seconds and crashed . You have no steering control and the battery lasted about 3 minutes.I would recommend the old wheel and rubber band over this . Do n't waste your money - luckily I did get mine back -LRB- less shipping of course -RRB- .
 My son loved his Heli . So much that when it broke after his given as a gift in Jul 07 , we got him another for Christmas . I guess we should have kept the old for spare parts because the tail rotor broke ! I would NOT buy another !
 I purchased this Copter at the State Fair for 13.00 and I had fun with it , but the internal battery malfunctioned in two days or after 20 charges . Also , it would not move forward , other than turning in a left circle . It was fun while it lasted and I babied it , but it broke unexpectantly and you can not replace the internal battery .
 The floppy little mats slide on carpet . They do n't stay put . The kids had a good time with the game , but it 's a bit pointless . It says to step on shapes and animals , but it 's not educational other than that . I was unhappy with this purchase even though I got it on sale .
 I ordered this for my son expecting an army vehicle . No where in the product description did it say that this is a model vehicle , and a poorly constructed one at that . Once we got over our disappointment that the product was n't what we thought it to be , we set about putting it together . The pieces are by far too small , it is very hard for adult hands to handle and.assemble . all the pieces are the same color , so the finished product lacks.dimension or realism . No stickers for decoration either . After about 4 hours and only having a few pieces of the hood assembled , we made the decision to throw away and go buy another , more kid friendly model . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this product unless it is your exact desire .
 Quality is poor . Stickers used for images used on porcelin . For these reasons , I do not recommend . Although it is truly a Disney product .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I teach elementary school and the students love to play mancala . I needed to replace some stones so I ordered these . UNLIKE the photo , the stones are of various sizes . Many of them are too large for any of my mancala games . They are also too large for little hands . I can use them for other counting games . However , given a choice , I would not order them again .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 This is NOT a Russ Berrie George of nice , soft plush . It is not 12 inches , but 13 when you read the tags . It is a cheap knock off of really BAD quality . I 'm not sure that the picture is even the same product . I returned and found a different source .
 We were very disappointed with this toy when it arrived . We sent it back to Amazon for a refund.It 's hard to tell from the image on Amazon , but the toy that arrived was very poor quality . The `` fur '' of George was very shiny and not very soft . The stitching and overall `` weight '' of the toy seemed low quality as well.I hate to write this in a review , but when we took it out of the package , my wife and I came to the same conclusion . This toy seems like something one would win at a carnival . `` Plush '' is not descriptive of this toy .
 this was a present for a nephew . it doesnt seem like the quality will hold the test of time . we shall see . the part that really upset me was that it was suppose to be delivered by a certain date -LRB- eta -RRB- and it didnt make it by the eta . i know it was just an estimate , but we were leaving out of town the day after , and i was counting on it . i was very disappointed .
 I was disappointed that he has no tail - comes apart easily . I 've already head to sew up the back of his head . If I had known he did n't have a tail I would n't have gotten him .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 Orion is a top notch importer of excellent budget telescopes . In general , there equipment and customer support is unparalleled.This telescope is an exception to that rule!The mount is too small and unstable but more importantly , they built a barlow lens into the focus tube to increase magnification of the spherical mirror . This means that they have already decreased the light output of the scope to 1/4 of what it could be because of the higher magnification.Also , the quality of the mirror and barlow is poor , you will NOT receive clear or quality images when compared to another 4.5 '' telescope.If you are looking for a small reflector in the $ 200 range , instead go with Orion 's SkyQuest 4.5 '' Dobson
 Ordered this item because my son wanted it for his 3rd birthday , we placed our order on 1/3/2013 and we were gaurenteed the item would be here by 8pm on 1/14/2013 , my son 's birthday was the 19th so we should have been all set . Well at 4pm on 1/14/2013 I recieved an email that the item is out of stock ... so now I will have a disapointed 3 yr old on his birthday ... the kicker is I could have ordered this from another company if they notified me sooner than the day it was supposed to be here !!! The toy is great -LRB- our speech therapist has one -RRB- but this company BLOWS !!!!!!
 Pokemon Play It ! is a pc demo version of the Pokemon trading card came , circa 1998 when the card game exploded into popularity . It 's a short demo that shows you the basics of playing the game , and lets you do a few practice matches against the computer . If this had been expanded to a full game , it would have been great.Pros : * Cheaper than any real cards . * Nice graphics . * Good tutorial for beginning playersCons : * Just a demo . * Can only play the computer . * No real challenge . * Shows the game as it was back when Wizards of the Coast started the game . The basics of the game are still the same , but much else has changed .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 I was disappointed . Just did n't find it very funny , so I returned it . But I suppose it 's a matter of opinion and to each his own .
 The case is flimsy and there are no sticky feet to prevent it sliding off the desk when I slap it.Further , the messages are hackneyed and show very little creativity .
 I ordered this for a friend at work , was very disappointed . I still have it . I did n't give it to her for Christmas ... still have it .
 The picture shows the button looking like the `` easy '' button from STAPLES . When i got the item it was a totally different item . It was black and looked nothing like the `` easy '' button as advertised . It was a totally different item : - -LRB-
 what a rip off . dont waste ten bucks on this . piece of garbage , cheaply made and very small . dont know if the others are any better but definitely dont get this one .
 Button breaks really fast . Cheaply made ! Would have been great if it had lasted longer!Would have been great if it had been made better .
 I ordered two of these . One is OK and the other did not work . I opened up the battery cover and found one of the batteries had leaked , coating the contact spring with gunk that would not come off . How ironic ... I guess I can push the button on the one that works ...
 Funny little toy . Great for conference calls.But , will not work when you try to put new batteries in , so it looks like it will only work as long as the original batteries hold up , at least in my case . Tried multiple replacemnents .
 The packaging arrived with cracked plastic and the battery was dead . I replaced the battery and wrapped it up -LRB- it was to be a stocking stuffer for christmas -RRB- , and by the time it was unwrapped 2 days later , the brand new batteries were dead . I understand it 's a cheap product , but c'mon ... it should at least work for a week before breaking down . -LRB- The one or two lines I heard immediately after replacing the batteries were funny and my dad would have really gotten a kick out of the toy , if it had worked ... -RRB-
 I ordered 4 of these for Christmas gifts and when they arrived all the batteries were dead . . buying the new batteries addedexpense to the gift . . They are very cute and a great fun gift , but embarrassing to give a gift that does not work . .
 It 's a well made product that will last the user for a long long time , but this particular model was n't among the best as far as the actual phrases it says are concerned .
 I have a Bulls ** t button , exactly as pictured when I bought the product . However , a different version of the button arrived today and I am very disappointed . It has some different phrases and a different voice than the one I currently have.Don ' t want to go through the return process but needless to say I will not be purchasing from this Amazon store again unless this is resolved .
 This was suppose to be a gag gift for a co-worker . Cheap , simple . Now I have to compromise the unopened box as a gift to buy and replace the batteries ! Pathetic . Really . In fact , I 'm so irritated about it I 'm writing a review before I even hear if the gag sounds good .
 I purchased a few of these for gag gifts and after receiving them thought they were monotonous . Not offensive , just monotonous . The Magic 8 Ball is more entertaining and funnier .
 I was kind of expecting the same kind of thing that you get with the Staples `` That was easy ! '' button but the stuff that comes out of this thing when you push the button is n't just `` BS '' , it 's a bunch of goofy/corny expressions .
 I was expecting the button like the &#34; Staples &#34; button to simply say the &#34; BS &#34; phrase when you hit it ... this one talks in a Texas accent and says all of these different phrases that I guess is funny , but this is not what I wanted and was not stated that it would have all of the phrases in the review . Definitely will not be purchasing or recommending this to anyone . The only thing I could do with it was use it in a white elephant gift at Christmas .
 Order came in on time . When I opened the package it was dirty looked used and was stapled to hold it together . Product did not work , had to send it back .
 This was an absolute waste of money . It did n't work , so it was basically a plastic button . This was worthless junk .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 I bought this Kon plush a few months ago through Amazon and within a few weeks of buying it , the button came off and an arm ripped off . Thankfully , someone sewed it back together for me . The material is cheap and does n't feel that soft . Kon 's arms and legs look loosely sewed together and they will break very easily if someone were to pull at them . Overall , I bought it because I am a Bleach fan but the quality of the plush could be better ...
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 I bought this because I liked the fact it was made in Vermont and natural . However , it is over simplified to the point of being very difficult to navigate.When I play with friends we prefer to use a board that is color coded and has directional arrows . Thus , my board is admired for its appearance , but it is not used to play the game.People have even suggested taking a Magic Marker and writing on the board.I would not buy this board again nor give it as a gift .
 My daughter received these skates as a gift from a great aunt on the other side of the country . They seem to be nice quality skates , but a little narrow and my daughter has average width feet . However , the first time she wore these skates , there was obviously something wrong with them as her right foot could n't stand up straight in them . We checked and one blade was on slightly angled . I called the manufacturer and they said without a receipt , tough luck.I do n't want to call her 70 year old great aunt and tell her I need the receipt , she would be upset -LRB- and that assumes she even kept it . -RRB- I just wanted the company to stand behind their product and fix an obvious defect . I will be purchasing a new pair from a different company . I am really disappointed in Riedell , I guess I was hoping an American company would have better standards.I 'm sure they are just trying to protect themselves from someone who bought a used pair and is trying to return them , but even if that was the case there is certainly something wrong with this pair and I believe a company should replace defective products .
 My grandson liked this toy but it 's construction was not worth the price . I liked that the handle folded down to store flat , but when you pull up the handle , it was n't completely stationary making it wobbly and hard for him to push smoothly . It kept catching on little ruts , causing the front wheels to stop and the back wheels to go up in the air .
 When I purchased this item for my 2yr old son the price was on $ 6 & I am positive it wasnt worth it.Now theyve increased the price to $ 12 . Makes no sense to me . The toy was broken within a couple of hours.of.my sn pushing it thru the grass ! Guess I shouldve went with the little tykes mower to start with !
 This product is a basic plastic toy . In my opinion it 's pricey and can be found much cheaper in local stores .
 This lawn mower is hard for a 1.5 year old to push in grass , even mowed grass ! It is also cheaply made . I feel as though if try and show her how to push it on the grass I will break it . Nothing else seemed to get good reviews either , so I guess we are stuck with this toy . Luckily it was only 11.79 !
 We 've got 4 boys and as each of them entered toddlerhood we got a new push-along mower . But this one has to be the most cheaply constructed mower ever made . Talk about flimsy ... We took it out of the box yesterday and we were sorely disappointed with the quality . I do n't even thnk it would take my toddlers weight leaning against it . It looks and feels like it would be the one needing the support , not my son . It is made from 1 piece of pressed plastic and is hollow underneath - really thin . We boxed it up and it goes back tomorrow . Do n't buy this one - get a more durable one than this .
 My son has had this mower for 2 years . The wheels fall off all the time , and he CAN NOT push it in the grass . It 's fine for playing indoors when he was younger , but now that he wants to `` help Daddy '' outside with the lawn , its a pain ! Please consider this when looking to purchase this item .
 This toy arrived broken . Unfortunately I did not examine it carefully , so that was my own fault , but when I did and my ability to return it was 2 days beyond the limit , I realized that this is a toy that could never hold up to any sort of toddler use . It is made of the flimsiest plastic on earth ! The handle has a little mechanism that is supposed to snap it in place during operation . On mine it was ruined just from being folded -LRB- as it 's supposed to -RRB- during shipping , making the toy impossible to use . Even if it had not been broken , I would have been ashamed to give such utter junk to my child ! It 's dime-store value . Really , it 's rare that I come across something this shabbily made !
 I purchased this for my soon-to-be 4 year old and my 2 year old . I ordered this one instead of the Fisher Price Bubble Mower , which was more expensive . When I received it , I was so disappointed . It is so cheaply constructed . Others have said it is durable , but we 'll see . I have some really tough little boys , so getting this thing to last will be a challenge . I now wish that I had paid the extra bucks for the Fisher Price .
 This mower upon opening was not impressive by any means . One of those items that if I would of seen it in real life I would not of got it , but it does serve it 's purpose . I thought the string part was a real string , but its just a plastic part the kid can pull up on . It goes a whole 2 inches up . I was wanting a string that my kid could pull way up -LRB- like on the big mower -RRB- other than that it is ok . Cheap but has n't broke yet . I wish I would of bought a cooler one , but oh well
 The handle is at a bad angle and my 2 year old has to have the front wheels completely off the ground in order to push it . . It is VERY Cheap looking , sounding and operating . Wish I would have gotten the more expensive ones ...
 This is not a toy , it 's a prop for a garden center . Our 1 year old grandson cant even hold on to it without the handle bending . Its thin and flimsy plastic . Only one of the four wheels turn . So buyer beware , you get what you pay for . Should not be advertised as a toy .
 We gave this to our grandson who is 18 months old . It is cheaply made . Not what we thought it would be . I probably should of spent a little more money to get a name brand .
 The string is fine for the first day . But it really loses its bounce . I would say im a 4-5 player , Ive played in tennis leagues . The second day of using these strings , im swinging hard at the ball but there is no transfer of power . Its like im using a wooden paddle . I ended up just giving away these strings
 Bought these dolls for my niece to play with in her dollhouse . They were the ugliest dolls i have ever seen , The clothes on them were junk .
 From the description , I thought they were more dolls to fit in the doll house . I needed 2-3 inch dolls . These are too big ! I returned them .
 We bought this to go with a large dollhouse . The faces are not very friendly . They are small . My daughter has not even wanted to play with them since `` santa '' brought them on Christmas .
 I did n't really like it . It was n't a fun doll . I also have the asian Melissa and Doug dolls . They are much much better . This one does n't even cut it .
 I was about to purchase the African American set and noticed the difference in price compared to the Caucasian and the Asian dolls and it is the most expensive . I am unsure the reason this seller is selling each doll at different prices when they all have the same functions and features . Race should never be a factor in price .
 I was really disappointed with these dolls . I ordered them to go with the Kidcraft Savannah Dollhouse . First off , they were smaller than the description . They were so cheap - the material they are made out of reminded me of the Gumby toys , only they 're not as easily bendable . It 's impossible for my 4 year-old to pose them for her dollhouse . Although she likes them , I wish I had purchased Barbies instead .
 I bought these dolls to go with the KidKraft Georgia Peach Dollhouse and was very disappointed in everything about them . They look cheap , they do n't move , their clothing is glued on , and their hair -LRB- after a couple of weeks of play -RRB- is a huge rats nest . I am with most of the other reviews in that I would have just ordered Barbie 's instead had I known that these dolls were such a rip off . I ca n't even believe that they are selling them like this.My daughter still plays with them , but gets annoyed and asks for help every time she tries to sit one down at the table or on the couch.I would recommend NOT to buy these and find something else !
 I bought these dolls despite the negative reviews . It is so difficult to find dollhouse dolls -LRB- we have the KidKraft Savannah dollhouse -RRB- . I knew there 'd be a good chance I 'd be out searching for dolls AGAIN , and I am . One of the earlier reviewers compare the dolls to Pokey & Gumbie . That is a very accurate comparison . That is my biggest complaint -- not very bendable . I also want to warn buyers that these dolls are quite small . If you have a dollhouse that will fit Barbie-sized dolls , you will be disappointed with these.I guess I 'll be visiting Mattel 's website in an effort to find my daughter a couple Barbies who are conveying a positive message ... do n't get me started !!
 daughters were hysterical on xmas . Got these for their doll house . Does not look like the picture . Their clothes are about 3x bigger than the dolls in real life . Also , they are not like regular doll house dolls . They are stiff , have NO joints ... they are softer plastic though so u can kinda try to &#34; pose &#34; them . they slowly go back to their normal pose though within minutes . very hard to pose , does not stand either , and parents cant hold baby like pictured ! VERYYYYYYY upset .
 I generally love Melissa & Doug toys , and this set of little dolls looked so beautiful I just had to splurge for my youngest daughter . They are beautiful , but I was extremely disappointed in the quality of the clothes . The seams are poorly sewn and if you want to take them off and on more than once or twice -LRB- with extreme care -RRB- they begin to fall apart . The pants do n't stay up to begin with , the little jackets do n't even have one tiny snap to keep them on , and they have an unfinished appearance in general . It 's too bad , because they appear to be so nice .
 This item is not labled correctly . Go by the picture . If you want Victorian clothes , pick something else.The dolls themselves are good . They are bendable . For my purpose , they are fine . I am using the entire family to help with the size and scale of other minitures . Nice for the price .
 These are the worst toy dolls ever ! They do n't bend at all ... they ca n't sit down , can only stand & lay down . You ca n't play with their clothes b/c they do n't come off . You ca n't play with their hair either . The bendable set by PlayWonder is a lot of fun & usable .
 This product may look fun but it is basically a couple pieces of plastic with scraps of fabric glued on . i would never recomend this product and i doubt that these were really hand painted .
 We were disappointed with this product . Your home thermometer will have as many features as this . The rain gauge is just a little cup , it 's not nearly as nice as the ones at the dollar store . It can tell you temp & humidity , but the wind speed is not even close to being right . My son was excited to take it out on a very windy day , the tv said gusts up to 40 mph and this registered them as 6 mph . bummer .
 I did n't expect to assemble this product from scratch . The photo shows it complete and ready to go and I feel thats completely misleading to the consumer . Not sure if I will return it on the simple fact that I feel I was mislead or suck it up and put it together after all I ordered it because I need it !
 I wanted to finish my collection of 6 '' Star Trek captain figures , but this captain towers over my other action figures , so the display does n't work . As far as I can tell , there is n't a short Archer , and I did n't really like that this was labeled as 6 '' when it was really 8 '' but then I knew it was n't made by the same company , but you know , hope springs eternal . I really do n't know how durable it is because no one plays with it , it 's just for me .
 I do n't expect a children 's toy to last for months . However , the moment I opened the packet from mail , I could see wooden chips falling off from some of the letters . Plus , the blocks are not painted , they are just stickers , they come off easily.Luckily , Amazon offers free returns , so I am returning the item .
 I purchased this puzzle for my 4 year old and my 2 year old . The puzzle is great if you do n't mind searching for the pieces all the time as they ` set on top ' of the puzzle and do n't really sit down in thier places . Only about 1/3 of the piece actually fits down into the space . It is very easy to knock off pieces already in their place when working the puzzle . Also , some of the letters have to be turned around to fit properly . For example the letter O , I , H , S , X , and Z . IN ADDITION TO ALL OF THE ABOVE , some of the pitures could have been better thought out . W has a Wagon behind it but it also has a Horse . It is something I would send back if it was n't so much trouble .
 Small , flimsy , coated with sticker paper . After only a week the coating peeled off . Wanted to send it back , but it was too much hassle to pack it and take it to the UPS office . I dumped it and bought a different , sturdier one . The pictures behind the letters are really poorly laid out/designed and almost incomprehensible . The letter &#34; A &#34; is an airplane with jet engines , and the letter &#34; J &#34; is jet plane !? Behind the &#34; L &#34; is a ladybug but also a beetle ... Behind the &#34; S &#34; are two shoes that look more like boots than shoes ... Behind &#34; W &#34; is a horse and a carriage -LRB- wagon -RRB- . My 18 months old twins already know the alphabet and they love puzzles , but with this one they get really frustrated because they know it 's the right letter they are trying to fit , but the &#34; flipable &#34; letters like Z , X , H , I , S are so poorly crafted that they fit only one way ... Lately , I really get disappointed with the quality of Melissa and Doug toys ...
 I almost always thoroughly read reviews before purchasing a product , but this time I did n't , and I certainly paid for it . I am pretty sure this is n't a real Melissa and Doug product . First , the name of the product looks to be handwritten on the board . Second , the letters are thin , and not the usual thickness that most M&D puzzles are . The pictures behind the letters are rather odd , and not very bright or attractive . The entire puzzle just appears to be really cheaply made , and I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before the letters become damaged .
 The letters are basically cardboard , not wooden , and they fall off the board very easily . I love the Melissa and Doug chunky puzzles and I would love if they made an alphabet one . This unfortunately is not like the chunky puzzles at all . I would not buy it again .
 My daughter loves this puzzle , but I 'm annoyed with it.My daughter is 20 months and we bought this as a hands-on way to learn letters . She likes this puzzle more than she likes her Melissa and Doug animals puzzle , possibly because it has more pieces . She picks a letter , I tell her something like , `` H is for HATS '' and she finds the hats and tries to put the letter in.This is the part that annoys me
 This is very poor quality . It is cheaply constructed , and when it arrived to our home , the base was warped ! The pieces have to be shoved into place . Not good for a child trying to match , believing she 's done so , and finding herself discouraged that they do n't fit ; therefore must not actually match ... I would n't purchase this item again .
 This puzzle looks good , however I have several complaints .1 -RRB- Two of the pictures under the letters DO NOT have items that start with those letters . The Q has a picture of a bird , I am assuming someone thought was a Quetzal bird , however it is NOT . It is a Hoatzin . Also , the W has what someone thought was a wagon under it , however it is an odd sort of chariot -LRB- two wheels -RRB- / stagecoach cross and not a wagon .2 -RRB- The quality is lacking . The board is not flat , very warped , and the pieces are very thin .
 I wanted a simple alphabet puzzle for my daughter , and I settled on this one based on cost . I have been very disappointed .1 -RRB- The puzzle is very thin and the letters easily fall out , which is very annoying because it has 26 pieces .2 -RRB- I would say that the images are poor choices to represent the letters no consideration to phonics was made . It 's hard to tell what some of the images even are .3 -RRB- Some letters are not accurately cutout on my set . In particular , the `` N '' looks like and `` H '' and the `` Z '' looks upside down.I think this puzzle is worth more like $ 5 instead of $ 10 . I think I would have been satisfied had I only paid that much .
 I was SO HAPPY when these recorders arrived because they are simply gorgeous !!! However - unless you plan on putting them on display in a glass case - dont bother buying this . the paint chipped off immediately after after the kids began using them . The next day , the recorder came apart into 3 pieces . after the kids dropped the instrument a few times , the wood split in various places and the 3 pieces would not fit securely anymore . a total disappointment .
 I was sent the wrong product . When i called to inquire , they tried to tell me they sent me the right product . I requested a curved rerailer for HO and they sent me straight for N. they had record of the right product , but it never got in the box . Not sure what happened but to get it by christmas i had to take off work to get the right product .
 The Enterprise line should have been soooo much better . If done correctly AA would still be making these figures and would be able to give us the rest of the crew . Likeness is good -LSB- as they were scanned ... but still not dead on -RSB- , articulation is there but block by the rubber pants that is covering the lower half of the figures . This rubber does not pose well , nor do the figures really sit well either . Once again figures will not always stand on there own -LSB- no peg holes or stands to help keep this inflexible guy on his toes -RSB- .
 On first use would not hold air . Brought it on vacation and could not use . Have owned these in past and they were fine .
 about what I expected . Overpriced and not as good as swimways product from Sam 's Club last year
 I dont know how the little freak did it , but my son got about 3/4 of this whole freaking action figure in his mouth , and choked on the stupid thing . i burned everything star trek in my house , and then broke into every house on my street and did the same to their stuff . dont buy this if you have moron children
 I have 3 kids under 5 . We 've had this toy for 4 years , and they do n't even bat an eye at it . We 've tried everything to draw attention to this item , but it is either too advanced for even an alphabet-loving 5-year old , or it is boring . I thought it was fun , but my kids do n't agree .
 this pipe is labeled to fit the revo 3.3 but it dose not fit at all . waiting for the seller to return my review . this is a lot of money to be spending on something that dose not fit
 First , technically this model is n't really 1/350 scale . It 's actually closer to 1/380 scale . It 's right between the 1/350 Tamiya and the fairly good 1/400 Heller kits.The other reviews say this kit is poor . It was actually designed as a pond sailing ship . So , it has various unused gizmos that would automatically control the turrets provided there were a small electric engine inside of the boat . So , this kit was never updated and the modeler will have several unused parts.This kits is plainly dreadful . Tamiya makes a1/350 German Battleship Bismarckthas is grade A. Revell makes a more accurate version of1/350 Battleship Bismarckbut this is one time where the price difference between Revell and Tamiya comes out in favor of Tamiya.But this Lindberg kit is bad , just bad . The guns have fantastic gaps in the turret face . The superstructure is wrong . The secondary guns are incorrectly made . The only good thing on this kit are the Arado sea planes and those are incorrect . But with some work they can be corrected.I would give this kit to a 12 year old if they want a model battleship . They could build it in an afternoon and have sham battles by that evening . However , an adult should just spend the extra $ 30 and get the Tamiya kit . Also , you might want to surf to Gold Metal Models and get their photo-etch kit . You 'll end up with a show winning model if you follow the steps and then pick up some tips from Steel Navy.com.But this Lindberg kit is just obsolete junk . It you 're over 13 years of age this will end up being a waste of time and money .
 The Barbie Grand Piano was the only gift my daughter asked for for Christmas from Santa . On christmas eve , when we put the toy together , one of the legs immediately broke off . We attempted to fix the leg so that my daughter would at least be able to play the piano on christmas morning , but it only lasted about two hours after she sat down at it . She was very dissapointed that Santa had sent her a broken piano , and then when we tried to exchange it at the store , there were none available , and still are n't , almost a month later ... Needless to say , santa is not exactly top on my daughter 's list right now !
 We purchased this piano for our 1 & 2 year old as a christmas present . It lasted three weeks and the legs of the bench broke off . The piano itself is also not very sturdy . They loved the piano , it just was not made sturdy enough to withstand the use of busy toddlers .
 I was very disappointed when this toy arrived . It was meant to be a gift for a child I babysit for who loves whales , but after opening it , I decided to throw it away instead . When I picked it up , it was VERY sticky . I had to peel it off one hand with the other and literally shake it off when I wanted to put it down . It left a sticky residue on my hand , and when I picked it up again to put it back in the box , it had managed to find every speck of dust or strand of hair and picked it up . It was so sticky , I could n't even pull the stuff off ! I tried rinsing it in water , which did clean it off , but it was sticky again as soon as it dried.It is impossible to keep the toy or your hands clean when playing with this . It was really disappointing . It 's just NOT a well-made toy .
 I do n't hate this kit . Yes , Trumpeteer 's 1/350 HMS Hood Battleshipand Airfix ` sAirfix A08202 1:400 Scale HMS Hood Warship Classic Kit Series 8are far better models . Indeed , at less than $ 40 the Airfix is the best for a fairly large scale value for a Hood model . Trumpeteer 's 1/350th scale Hood is a modeler 's joy but at a price of over $ 130 it 's a little on the pricey side.This was first produced from moldings dating back to the mid-1950s . That said I 've been to modeler conventions where the ship has been built into a fair model , some show winners . It has potential . While Lindberg 's 1/380th scale DKM Bismarck is an absolutely rotten model -LRB- I 'm not giving you the link to that dreadfull kit -RRB- the 1/380th scale HMS Hood is n't that bad.First , the ship is an easy build . So , if you gave it to a 12 year old kid the kit would get done and they would have a good model . It would be a thing of pride and get them started in the hobby.Second , for adults this is n't really a bad kit . Gold Medal 's photo etch railings will work just fine with this kit because the 1/350 is n't that much over scale for 1/380th scale . The modeler will have to improve the tri-pod observation towers . If some work in done there it will really improve the model . Water tight doors will have to be scratch built . Next , take the time to properly document , mark , and drill out the port holes . My biggest complaint with the kit is the pom-pom anti-aircraft guns . I could not tell what type of machines they were and a good modeler can scratch build a few set with ease.Now , the hull has a flaw . HMS Hood did have some anti-torpedo bulges . This kit does not have them . So , you can either live with it or just spend the $ 7 extra and get the correctly made Airfix -LRB- formerly Heller -RRB- model.The 15 '' gun turrets are not too bad . The turret faces are closed and if you make `` blast bags '' out of tissue and white glue they can look quite good . Next , invest about $ 4 dollars and buy a small hand held drill and make tiny holes in the barrels . You 'll need the drill to bore out the portholes.HMS Hood had a wooden deck . So , paint the deck wood . The hull is easy to paint because there are no torpedo bulges . I just painted the hull according to the box , painted the bottom red , used a black decail to the black strip between the grey and red parts of the hull , and followed the instructions . It does help to go to steelnavy.com and get helpful hints.Is this kit good ? No . But I ca n't fail this kit . First , it builds into a somewhat fair model . I ca n't hate it for that . Second , with a lot of work it can actually be made about as good as Airfix 1/400 HMS Hood . That takes a lot of scratch building but it can be done . That former Heller kit is n't perfect either.So , if you want to give this model to somebody for a present then do 'em a favor and give them the nice Airfix kit or just go the extra nine yards and give them the Trumpeteer kit . However , a teenager or a weekend modeler will like it and it does build into a fair model of the HMS Hood.Grade if put together by a good modeler
 I ordered four of these toys for gifts they were nonsense they came in pieces how the hell can a child set up such small pieces and its christmas they would rather just start to drive the toy instead of going tru all this time wasting anyway money wasted i would really love to ship them back to the supplier for a refund be aware they dont come assembled and they are very tiny pieces ...
 I ordered this product for an american gladiator style afternoon of fun with my best friend . I really should have taken the other review seriously . . The inflatable `` balls '' that slide onto the poles were easy to inflate , and slid on quite easy as well . . Once we began , the inflatables kept sliding off , and were easy to basically push off with the other jousting stick . One of the jousting sticks broke in half , after one hit . . It was fun while it lasted , and that didnt last to long . . Limited fun , but fun . . Do n't look for this to be a long term toy . . maybe for really really young kids , with no type of strength ...
 There were no instructions in the box to begin with . This item broke as soon as it was blown up and used for the first time . The round circle popped a hole in it . Plus , the blow up pieces kept falling off the `` sticks '' that are used for battling . My daughter almost hit my son with the end of the stick when that fell off .
 Tons of fun for about 10 minutes until the pole ripped the plactic and deflated . Then it was n't much fun !
 quite hard to build -LRB- we needed it for a project my son did at school -RRB- ; really small parts ; some of the holes are not where they are supposed to be ; a zillion pieces ; in the end we managed - with some ingenuity and with leaving many parts aside - and it looked like a pretty nice ship once we were done
 This TV was not what I had expected . When it arrived , it was packaged well but had a damaged exterior plastic piece on the side of the TV.The TV also has a light on the front of it -LRB- power indicator -RRB- that is on even when it 's pluged in and not acctually turned on.This TV obviously has problems but it 's not worth returning to Amazon.Plus , just days after I purchased it , it was marked down $ 20 cheaper ... Figures !
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and was super excited ... we got it two days after Christmas , and it is styrophom ... and doesnt even include a remote ... so now im going to be out more money for the extras that it doesnt include ... this sucks and i am no longer super excited ... but am extremely pissed
 I purchased this for the beads . The hemp that came with it was enough for 3 projects . I found many of the beads to look extremely cheap . I only wanted to use about six of the different designs . The design instruction booklet was easy to read but in no way helped in showing knots . Thankfully , I learned off a you tube broadcast and was able to teach myself .
 The microphone stand broke literally the first time my daughter touched it . She tried to move the mike to sing into it and it snapped off . She loves the toy , especially the mike . I have n't tried to return it or see what can be done yet . Not looking forward to that process based on the reviews I 've read here ...
 I bought this keyboard along with the little tykes drum set for my 4 year old for Christmas and let me say what a mistake . The keyboards microphone broke within an hour of him playing with it and the darn thing just keeps falling apart . The drum set is even worse . The tamberine snapped off . The drums broke . I am really diappointed with these two products . Really think twice before buying . You are better off spending the extra money and buying a creal keyboard or drum set .
 I 'm glad to see that my children are n't bad destructive kids , as it looks like our keyboard was not the only one broken by the end of christmas day . I bought it for my almost three year old son and he was soooo excited to play it - he sat right down and played and sang . The older kids got ahold of it . The stand does n't stay together , the microphone stand and connector to the keyboard broke . The seat is okay , and they keyboard itself is working standalone . I 'm going to see , since there are so many bad reviews , if i can take it back - fortunately I kept the boxes and receipts!I normally give musical instruments a high educational value , but since this one is so bad , I only gave it a 1 . I see that they do n't carry this anymore ... The older kids built a steeplechase in the kitchen and used the keyboard parts as jumps , so I guess it provided some fun !
 We have only had it for a few days now and the keyboard never properly attached to the legs . The seat keeps falling off its legs and the microphone is broken . Do n't waste your money .
 My 21/2 year old loved this toy . Within 2 hours on Christmas morning the microphone broke . I called customer service and I need to send them a photo of the part that 's broken but I have a feeling it 's going to be the same thing when I get it back . It was made poorly . My little guy still likes it but I 'm just annoyed that it broke that quickly . I think I 'll take it back and get something that is made better.Also , the sound control is awful ! When you turn on the demo play it blasts the music . He came running in crying because it hurts his ears . The volume can be turned down but resets itself after every demo play . Really annoying and scary.Don ' t buy this toy . We 're probably going to take it back .
 My 3yr olds broke this toy the by the end of christmas day . The microphone stand snapped off and the seat doesnt hold up to movement while sitting on it . You 'd think the manufacturer would realize 3-6yr olds dont sit still .
 I purchased this keyboard for my 31/2 yr old for Christmas . She loved it . She played with the keyboard and loved the music . . of course after 5 minutes , she went to use the microphone and it broke off . The manufacturer should really rething the construction of that microphone , it is so flimsy and the piece that broke off was sharp . I boxed the keyboard up and returned it to Toys R Us the next day ... They were out of stock so I could n't get another one ... but after reading all the reviews , I 'm glad they did n't have any ... I 'm going to look for something that will last more than 5 minutes .
 I bought this toy for my two year old twins and it broke within one day . The microphone broke so we glued it and then the stand broke . The idea for the toy was great but it just needs to be made a lot stronger .
 I too have experienced almost all of the same problems as the other reviewers . Our microphone is useless on the stand , it creates horrible feedback and can only be used if not anywhere near keyboard . Which is good since the microphone stand broke off . Also the keyboard itself can be used attached to the legs as a piano or off as a keyboard . Mine keeps coming off the legs with even a little pressure from my 22 lb 2 year old . Also the supports at the bottom of the legs come out so easily that my daughters take them out all the time . So much that they have cracked the plastic around the holes they fit into . This piano also has a default volume that is way too loud . When first turned on you have to adjust the volume by pushing the down arrow several times to reach an `` acceptible '' volume . Overall , I think this toy is very unsatisfactory . For something that is meant to be for a preschooler , it is definately not sturdy enough . Even if your child has the softest of touch . My kids still enjoy playing with it , but I am definately not happy with it overall .
 I bought this thinking that the reviews would be wrong , but much to my disappointment the speaker stand broke on mine as well . The toy itself is great , has great sound , keyboard is fun , lights up ETC , but horrible construction.The plastic is cheaply made , and even when properly put together it is wobbly . My son loved it -LRB- we had it for 2 days !! -RRB- and I just wish that they would have put more time/money/energy into childproofing this product.Overall good idea , bad construction .
 I understand the idea of only spending $ 30 on this item but I found several features to be unsatifactory . For one when you turn the piano on it automatically starts at the highest decibal , second the microphone gives off a loud sceech if it is near the keys and I have a tall 31/2 year old and there was no adjusting it for it not to screech at his height . Last the microphone was poorly constructed . Ours as well broke within hours of putting it together . I 'm very disappointed because it seemed like it could 've been a lot of fun .
 Like others said the microphone stand broke very easily and the whole toy is not durable at all . The legs and the stool do not stay together whatsoever . My son has to sit with it on his lap to play it . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 Do not buy this toy . At any discount . Period.No company should ever see a dime for such a shoddy product.Like most other `` complainers '' , my 21/2 year old broke the mic stand within a half-hour after assembly . The microphone emits almost constant feedback which is n't helped by positioning alone , might be electrical problems on top of audio feedback.It 's a shame really . My daughter is so excited at the idea of a `` piano for her size '' . It was her favorite toy this christmas.I think anyone else who has had bad experiences should contact Little Tikes . The real maker of this toy , Kid Station , somehow hoodwinked Little Tikes to distribute this thing . Normally , Little Tikes toys are built solidly and we bought on this reputation . It takes many toys to build parental trust ... it only takes one to ruin it completely . I 'm much more leery to buy a Little Tikes product now ... Stay away from this item .
 Very poorly constructed even if it was only $ 30 . The first one worked for only a few minutes then would not power on . I also had the pleasure of dealing with the crappy customer service people not one but twice because the second one we got made a continuous horrible screeching as soon as we trieed to put batteries in it . My son 's birthday present is sitting in the spare room waiting for us to get one that works . Happy birthday right ! Little Tikes may lose business from us in the future because of this and the hassle we have had to deal with .
 Obviously the reason this item was such a good price is because of it 's poor quality . A child small enough to use it ca n't sit close enough to the microphone without it making a horrible squealing noise . Essentially if the microphone gets anywhere near the keyboard itself it makes an awful -LRB- unbearable -RRB- noise . Do n't bother spending the money on this one ... you 're better off spending a few extra dollars to get one that 's not so annoying .
 Ok , forget the collapsing microphone ... I can deal with that . But this toy was barely a month old when the electrical system died ... and I now have a large yellow paperweight!Worse yet , after 20 minutes on the phone with the most inept excuse for a customer service department , ever , I discover that1
 The microphone stand broke at the joint the first time a kid over the age of three touched it . I would rather visit the dentist for a root canal than have to deal with Kids Station customer service again . There is no way to order the part online or over the phone - requests have to be sent in in writing , even for non-warranty replacements . The customer service department is unhelpful and extremely hostile . Little Tykes should seriously consider refusing to license any more Kids Station products until A -RRB- they become durable enough to withstand kids playing with them , or B -RRB- Kids Station gets their act together regarding their customer service.The microphone stand is poorly designed - it has ratcheting teeth that tighten to the point that a 5-year-old girl attempting to adjust the microphone stand managed to snap the stand in half before the teeth ratcheted .
 My 3 year old son received this toy for his birthday two weeks ago . He and my 11 month old son had great fun with it for about 2 days until my 11 month old grabbed the microphone and it snapped in half leaving a VERY SHARP piece of plastic sticking out from the keyboard . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Like most others here the microphone broke off on the first day when my son and a 3 year old were playing with it . On the second day , the speaker cuts in and out and it wo n't play songs anymore . He had fun with it for about 4 hours . A total piece of junk . Look at other keyboards . We bought this because it seems to be the only one with its own stand .
 I see we all have this in common . Ordered from Amazon and immediately the stool was missing . Put it together easily . On day two my five year old snapped microphone stand . Around day six my three year old collasped it and I ca n't get it back together . And then the microphone pulled out around day nine . The bill came around day fifteen .
 Like so many of the reviews written I have the same problem . THe mic piece broke right away and trying to get a replacement was a NIGHTMARE !!! Kid Station was very unhelpful and rude . Customer service / non-support did not care either way if the product was returned or not . I actually called little tikes to complain about them . The Key board itself is cheap , plastic is flimsy , the stool is not sturdy the music is way to load , and the mic holder broke right away ! biggest waste of $ 30 . The only reson why i rated this toy a 1 star was b/c there was no way to rate this a BIG FAT ZERO star !! save yourself the hassle and do not buy this toy ! buy anthing else but this !!!!!!!
 My almost 2 year daughter recieved this as a gift . This is the worst piece of junk we have ever recieved . We have been through three of these now . All three have had the same problems . This toy is made of cheap plastic . The microphone stand has been broken on 2 out of the three . They were broken before we even got the thing out of the box . All three times we have put the thing together for my daughter to play with . All three times it works for about 2 minutes . Then you have to bang it to start it again . The first one the drums never did work . The second one the lights did n't work and now our third one nothing works unless you bang the crap out of it . Then it only plays for a couple of minutes . -LRB- ... -RRB- This toy is going back to ToysRUs again and staying there . I am not exchanging it again . I would not recommend this toy to anyone . .
 This toy would be great if it would stay together and not fall apart everytime my kids play with it . We have two of these !! The microphones broke within a month of getting them . I would NOT recommend buying this toy .
 I feel the need to write a review for this item . Not only did my microphone stand break off but the stool keeps falling apart . This is not just a cheap toy , it is UNSAFE ! My daughter could easily be seriously hurt by hitting her head on something any one of the countless times the stool has fallen apart . I wish I could give this toy less than one star .
 My daughter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- , and 2 nieces -LRB- ages 1 and 3 -RRB- each received one of these toys for Christmas . All three of these toys broke within 5 minutes of being taken out of the box in exactly the same spot ~ The arm that holds the microphone onto the keyboard snapped at the base . I think this was poor craftmanship for a child 's toy . It should n't be so fragile .
 My 3 year old son received this last Christmas and in a matter of hours the microphone stand was broken . Dealing with Kids Station was not fun . Received a new mircophone stand finally but it did not fit in the hole . Had to put the keyboard against the wall so that it would not fall over . A year later the toy is in the landfill somewhere . Even if you pay $ 15.00 for it , it is a total waste of money . Very disappointed in Little Tikes to put their name on something like this .
 My wife and I purchsed this toy for my 2 year old daughter and she loves it . I would have given this toy four stars expcet for the fact that , like other reviewers , it is poorly made . The Microphone stem broke -LRB- I did that -RRB- and I called Little Tikes for service . Little Tikes referred me to Kids Station . Little Tikes does n't support it , even though it 's name is on the toy !!! What a con game !! Kids Station was even worse . Needless to say , after two phone calls to Kids Station , I still have not been able to order the replacement part . Stay away . Two big thumbs down to Little Tikes and Kids Station .
 Very chinzy and cheap pieces . i had to glue pieces together to keep them from falling apart . also , the battery door has a teeny tiny screw thats virtually impossible to screw and unscrew for battery replacement . YOu almost end up stripping the head of the screw trying to do it . the keyboard is the only part thats half way decent .
 I do n't think this toy could have been made any cheaper . Ours is cracked in several places , even though it 's hardly been played with ... My kids really are not hard on toys , and are destroying this one . We also had bought the drumset from Little Tikes , but returned it , because it broke before I could even assemble it . Disappointing . This keyboard just does n't live up to my expectations from Little Tikes products .
 Agree with all other reviews . Kid enjoys the keyboard but also gets frustrated when the glued together mic stand breaks again and again ... the mic itself only works intermittently ... this also causes frustration . This would get a 1 star but because she enjoys it for the brief moments that it works and before the mic stand collapses , I am generously giving 2 stars .
 We bought this for our son in August as a Christmas gift . We put it away until then . On Christmas morning , our son was so excited when he opened it . When I was putting it together he could n't wait to play with it . I got it all together and turned it on only to find it had no power at all . Tried many brand new batteries but nothing . The look on my son 's face made my heart sink . He was so upset . We called Kid Station and asked them what we could do about it . They said the warrenty had already expired . They told us we could ship it to them and they would sell us another one for a discounted price . So , we would have to pay for the shipping of this one and pay for another one including shipping . It 's not even worth it . So , my advice is to not buy this product . If you do , make sure it works as soon as you buy it .
 My daughter loves to play her cousins piano so we thought this was a great gift . From the moment we put it together it has been nothing but problems .1 st - the microphone attachment broke within minutes of puting it together .2 nd - the microphone jack broke , so she ca n't even use the microphone anymore .3 rd - It 's dangerous . It keeps collasping when she plays it . She ends up on the floor on top of the keyboard.It is so frustrating and I do n't even want her to try and play it , because I know what is coming . Winthin minutes she is crying in a heap of piano mess on the floor.I expect more from Little Tikes . I would n't pay a $ 1 for this item .
 We got this toy for my 3 year old son . He loved it ! The lights are cool and the different tempos and stuff it has is cool . But like most of these reviews the microphone stand broke after only a few days of using it . I also called customer service and was told to send a request in writing . I could barely understand the guy I talked to and he was pretty short with me , would n't even let me make sure I had written down the address correctly . The rest of the toy has held up good but my son loves the microphone and that is why we got this particular one . My son is n't even rough with it and it just broke . I would n't waste your money on this . It is n't worth it . And I do n't agree with the person who said you get what you pay for . This SHOULD be better constructed considering that Little Tikes has their name on it .
 My daughter received this as a Christmas present , and by 3:00 that afternoon , the joint on the microphone holder broke . I was very dissapointed . You would think that the manufacturer would have enough inteligence to realize that kids toys need to be durable ! I 'm not really sure what they were thinking ... or if they even were . I would not reccomend this keyboard to anyone .
 This is fun and a good idea , but the quality of the stand and the plastic is very poor . It fell apart the first time we had it up , and while you can put it back together , unless you want to be doing it every ten seconds , it is n't worth it . The keyboard itself is fine . The microphone overpowers the keyboard music and has no volume on it , but the keyboard does . The microphone stand is really cheap plastic and broke right away . I would suggest buying a cheap keyboard and microphone and just using it on a table instead , or if you buy this product , do n't expect to use the keyboard stand for long , but it can work without it .
 My son -LRB- 3 -RRB- loves the toy but it is not safe , breaks real easy and half of the buttons do not work . Its a shame because my sons loves music . I just wished they would have made a better product .
 My son received this for his 3rd birthday and the microphone broke off within a week . I called customer service and was told I needed to contact the outside distributor who manufactured the toy . Once I called them , I received the worst customer service and was told I needed to write a letter to the warehouse requesting a new part . I was told that I would have to pay for the part and that it was not even certain that they would have the part in stock . For as much fun as a keyboard is for my son , I would not recommend this particular model . It is truly not worth the hassle .
 This toy is cheap , easily breakable and DEFINITELY not worth the money . Little Tikes should be ashamed to put its name on it .
 My daughter was very excited to have a keyboard like mommy 's ! She absolutely loved it ... however , there were some flaws . . after recieving it as a christmas gift we found two of the keys did n't work ! I said to myself if another one goes it is going back to the store ... i was really disappointed that this toy carried the little tykes brand b/c it was not their usual upstanding quality ... educcationally wise , it is a great toy -LRB- if it were to last -RRB- ... it encourages kids to be themselves ... i searched and searched for this toy for a year and a half for my daughter , finally found it , paid 30 bucks for it ... i do n't know about you but 30 bucks does n't grow on trees in my house and consider this toy a waste of money due to the fact it does n't last ... i was even online trying to find another but thought to check the reviews first ... i am glad i did ... it does n't seem like anyone had a good experience with this toy therefore i wo n't be spending more of my hard earned money on it again . . i actually thought that it was just our keyboard that was having issues ... hope this helps whomever might want to try it ... excellent idea for little ones but not worth the money !
 My 3 year old only had the toy a matter of hours before it fell over and the microphone stand broke . Wrote company , which is n't Little Tikes , for a replacement . Received it but it did n't fit . Also you had to put the batteries in carefully otherwise it did n't work . Worst toy that we have ever bought .
 We have had this piano for a few months before it just stopped working . My girls are not very hard on toys . So , when it tipped over on very soft carpet and stopped working I realized it was a piece of junk . The microphone attachement also snapped off when my 3 year old rotated it . We originally had another piano in mind to purchase but Toys R Us was out of it and the sales person recommended this one since all the other parents were buying it . We decided to buy it since most Little Tikes products are great . This one certainly is not .
 This piano looks adorable . Unfortunately , the microphone attachment broke within the first week . Also , the legs of the piano constantly come apart . Perhaps you could try superglue , but I do n't think that would work for very long either . It is certainly not as durable as most other Little Tykes products . I recommend you continue to look at other options . My children never play with this and it was a waste of money . Poor quality ; Poor sound ; Does n't function that well . Very frustrating . Another item for the garbage !
 The mic stand broke just as predicted and then shortly thereafter the batteries seemed not to work . After changing the batteries several times the keyboard still did not work . I had this piece of junk 2 weeks before I tossed it . I wish I would have kept the packing material and reciept then I could have at least got my money back !
 This product is not manufactured by Little TIkes , but a licensed product from Kids Station Toys . The quality is poor and Kids Station customer service is atrocious . I will not buy another Kids Station products in the future .
 This toy was a lot of fun for my kids and my nephews while it lasted . The microphone broke off then one day it just stopped working ! I changed the batteries but NADA ! What a piece of trash now ! But we had fun with it while it lasted ... which was n't long ! *** FYI -- I emailed the company and they sent me a new one ... the microphone and stand quickly broke , but it is still working . Be very gentle with the stand if you purchase this toy !
 Wow , was I surprised when I got on-line to purchase a new mike stand , which broke almost immediatly , only to find everybody else had the exact same problem.What a rip off.Also , poor quality sound - too scratchy and loud . I really wish we 'd read the reviews on this toy before buying -LRB- we saw it in the store and fell so in love with it we bought it before doing our homework -RRB- . Mistake !
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas . It was great for 4 months -- she loved it . Then it just died . When I called for assistance I was told that the warranty was only for 90 days and I 'd have to pay to have the toy shipped to them as well as any parts/labor etc. -LRB- approximately 10 - 15 dollars for the part alone -RRB- I ca n't believe that they feel they -LRB- Kidstation -- not Toys r Us -RRB- can charge close to $ 40 for a toy they can only warrant for 90 days . Should n't we be getting better quality?For as much as my daughter loves this toy , it 's killing me to not get her another one but I refuse to buy anything else manufactured by Kidstation.And on top of the poor quality of the toy -- the customer service rep was rude as well .
 How I wish I had read the reviews ! The keyboard does not work . The microphone does not work . The microphone stand broke as did one of the legs and the stand falls apart with the slightest pressure .
 My son received this keyboard for a gift . He also received another one that is one of those Wal-Mart , Kid 's Connection , cost effective/cheap products . Wellll , within two hours of having it assembled , like most everyone else here said , he 'd broken the microphone stand . He was n't being rough , just adjusting it !! The cheap keyboard has entertained him just as much and is more durable . Shame on Little Tikes !! I 've always been such a fan because of the quality of the product . I figure if the microphone broke that quick , the legs wo n't last long either , so it 's going back ! Also , once assembled , you ca n't disassemble without breaking the plastic on the legs . BOOO ! Worst gift of the year award !!!
 My husband and I bought this for my son , age 2 , for Christmas . He really likes it . It is a great toy for him and has many features . I do agree with a lot of other reviews about the quality of this toy . It stinks ! My son has already broken the microphone stand . It is made of very cheap plastic , not sturdy at all . Not something that I would expect from little tikes either . I do n't care if it was 30 bucks or not , it should withstand childsplay ... its a toy !! Great product , poorly made . Little Tikes should consider choosing another company to make this product . Overall I do n't regret purchasing this because my son enjoys it , I just would have assembled the microphone differently so it would n't have broken so quickly . There is other keyboards out there , and I would consider shopping around because they are similar and all offer about the same amount of features , but maybe better quality .
 This is the worst little tikes item I have ever purchased . I do n't care if it only cost $ 30 . With a name like little tikes you expect a lot better quality than this . We own many , many other tikes product and were sorely disappointed by the cheap construction . The mic handle broke the very first time my son touched it . Do you know how frustrating a broken toy is on Christmas morning ? Try explaining to your child that you have to go back to get a new one .
 UPDATE -LRB- 12/15/2009 -RRB-
 My goddaughter received this for her 2nd birthday and while the kids enjoyed it immensely , within 24 hours the microphone was broken . This should have been a sign , but it did n't deter us from buying one for my daughter -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- since she enjoyed it so much . We were extra careful with it but while the microphone did n't break off , the entire unit has stopped working . Initially we thought it just needed new batteries , but once we replaced them the thing just died . What a shame . It was a blast when it worked even though it was poorly constructed and quite flimsy . But now that it does n't work at all , I 'd have to say it 's a piece of crap . Sorry .
 Christmas gift for my kids . Had seen them playing a similar toy -LRB- different maker -RRB- at their friends house . When shopping saw this one , and hoping the Little Tykes reputation would give me a better product , I bought this one instead of the other brand . Boy was I wrong ! The second day the microphone arm broke . a month or so later , one of the bubble shaped light caved in . My kids were n't being too rough with the toy , they were just playing like kids would . I am disappointed that the quality is not up to what I usually expect from Little Tykes . If the pieces were n't broken , my kids would still be playing with it . But , they do n't like it the way it is .
 As with a couple of the other reviewers , my kids 2 , 3 and 8 yrs . old all loved it . I expected it to be much sturdier because of the Little Tikes brand , but was sadly mistaken . The keyboard and microphone stands both broke almost immediately , but we kept using it because the kids enjoyed it . It was also a grandma gift , so I did n't want to return it . I was very disappointed in this product .
 This item was purchsed for my sons 3rd b-day and it broke the next day . The plastic that it is made from is so cheap and flemsy . I did not expect it to be so having the Little Tikes name but apparently they did not manufactor it . I fell somewhat decived by this . I thought I was buying a product with the little tikes quality I have come to expect . It was a complete rip off . Pleae do not waste your money !
 My daughter was very excited when she opened this gift . However , when she tried to play it , the microphone gave off loud and annoying feedback when placed anywhere near the keyboard . She used this for maybe 30 seconds then never went near it again . When we tried to disassemble to put back in the box for return , the stool broke . This is a horrible toy .
 I have to agree with others on this one . The microphone broke off leaving 2 sharp peices of plastic ! We returned this ! Thank goodness the garbage truck hadnt come yet to pick up the box ! Do n't buy this !
 THIS IS JUST LIKE THE LITTLE TYKES DRUM . BREAKS AS YOU ASSEMBLE IT.STOOL COMES AS PART -LCB- CHILDREN LIKE TO USE THE PARTS AS SWORDS -RCB- MICROPHONE WILL NOT STAY ON.I WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS TOY .
 This toy was a total waste of money . Worked a very short time before it started eating tapes . Batteries are hard to fit in also . A waste !
 I purchased this cassette recorder for my daughter 's third birthday . She was excited by how colorful it was and the microphones . While she unwrapped her other gifts I placed the batteries in what should have been a screwed on compartment for the age range of the item . I placed the tape in and within five minutes of the tape playing it ate the tape . We could not get the tape out at all so I am returning this item , especially after reading a review with the same problem . I was trying to save money by purchasing this item and I guess I got what I paid for .
 The product is very durable . That 's a good thing since it has an incredibly poorly designed base that causes the recorder to tip forward with the slightest shake or bump . The recorder sits on a tripod of legs - two out the side and one in the back that allows it to lean back a little . But it does not lean back far enough and is very front heavy , so it tips forward very easily . If you leave it on a shelf or piece of furniture , you will find it lying on the floor with the battery compartment popped open and batteries all over the place . And never put it up somewhere where it will fall on your child as it will cause injury.My advice to potential buyers - buy something else . My advice to Little Tikes - try actually testing your products before putting them on the market .
 I wanted a tape player that my son could use to listen to music and sing along into the microphone . His voice comes out so quietly you ca n't even hear it . It wo n't stand up on it 's own , so you have to lay it down on the ground to use it . We were just listening to a tape on it and it suddenly stopped working . We 've only used it a few times since it 's such a bother . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought this thinking our son would have a lot of fun listening to music without having to handle CD 's , but the casette door does n't always close on the first or second try . The microphone barely picks up his voice and the tapes he makes are fuzzy and not clear . The tape that came with it is sometimes garbled and slows down and speeds up , even with new batteries . Although our 3-year-old does play with it , I do n't know how long that will last with the fuzzy sound and not able to hear his recorded voice . I definitely would not recommend this recorder . I rated this toys educational value at 1 star , although it put three stars .
 My daughter and I played with this toy for only half an hour before it started destroying all of her tapes . She is very gentle , and handled the tape player very carefully . I managed to salvage her favorite tapes , but the tape player is beyond repair . What a rip off !
 Got this as a birthday present for my 2 year old boy . The microphones do not work . What a pain ... so I went to exchange it at toysRUS but they wo n't exchange without a receipt . So now I have to contact the person who gave it to us as a gift to see if she can give me the receipt to exchange the toy . After reading the reviews ... I think I just want to return and get some other toy .
 I bought 1 , and after 1 or 2 days it broke and I returned for replacement . The replacement broke in the exact same way as the original . With this problem , this item should be pulled from being sold . Do n't waste your money or time on this one !
 We bought this for my son thinking it would be fun for him to pretend with the microphone and we can make little recordings of him etc. . What a waste of money - it does n't even work . Yes , you can play the tape that comes with it but that is n't what we bought it for , if we were interested in that we would have bought a regular tape player . The microphone is the PITS ! It could never pick up my sons voice or even my voice for that matter , you have to speak directly into one particular spot on the microphone and then at best it plays back as a barely audible muffled sound , SO dissapointing ! We thought the one we bought was broken so we returned it and got another , same exact problems . Junk !
 This toy does not stand up . It does n't have good sound quality and it really is n't worth the money . Find one that does n't keep falling forwards . Sorry , thumbs down . My son does n't even give it a second look now .
 Immediately , one of the microphones lost it 's cap , DC converter I purchased will not run it , batteries do not fit in compartment correctly , and although it worked seemingly fine for about 3 days , it now is eating tapes like my three year old goes after cupcakes and the rewind button is having issues with staying on it 's sharp metal post ! I am sending this back first thing tommorow and going on a new mission seeking a new WELL MADE unit . Very disappointed . Shame on Little Tykes for selling such an inferior product ... Amazon , pull this off your shelves , it is junk and I know you think better of your customers than that .
 We purchased this cassette recorder for our two little girls . They had so much fun with it the first few days , though it kept tipping over . When a cassette tape was inside it was heavy in the front and kept falling down . That was alright , we just laid it down on the speaker to play . It was dropped and the battery door fell off . Then just by lifting the recorder the battery door would fall off . So I went to get some tape to secure the battery door when I noticed one of the springs that holds in the battery -LRB- and supplies current -RRB- was missing . So the recorder after 4 days did not work . If the spring had not falled out it would have needed tape to keep it functional . Not a very good quality toy . I would suggest another brand .
 This toy topples over VERY easily -LRB- It has three legs -RRB- . This toy lived three months . A plastic piece inside , connected to the play button , broke . Now the toy is useless because the mic only works if the play button is depressed . I think they made this toy unstable and of poor quaulity so that you have to buy a new one in a few months . This brand should not be trusted . Any toy company that would sell something this unstable and this wanting in quaulity for children should be boycotted ! They have their wallets open and their hearts closed .
 While my two and a half year old loved this item it is not a quality little tikes toy . After just a month with an adult using it the toy ate the tape . When I called to have the tape replaced I was directed to a company in association with Little tikes to get the replacement part . They want a letter sent to the corporate office in order to receive the tape . I was also told to return the product and not use it . Do n't waste your money . This is not a quality Little tikes toy . Shame of it all is my son loved singing into the microphone .
 I bought this toy for my son , who is younger than the 3 + age requirement , but is smart enough to run a leap pad so surely he can run a tape player . My largest complaint is that for a children 's toy it should be able to handle a few knocks . Within 5 minutes of my putting in the new shinny batteries , the tape player fell over -LRB- it does not stand well because of its base -RRB- and all the batteries fell out as well as the tape . My son did love the microphone , but you practically have to eat it to get it to pick up your voice . Also , this may be a battery saving device , but the micrphone would n't work unless a tape was playing . The directions said you could use the microphone by `` turning it on '' without a tape , but ours apparently did not have that feature.Overall , I think that since all children -LRB- and adults from time to time -RRB- drop things , a toy 's battery section should be screwed on . What is the point of giving a child a toy if every 10 minutes he needs the batteries reloaded .
 My daughter got this as a gift and absolutely loved it ! She loved having her own music and signing into the microphones ! She was only able to use it a few times though . It kept eating tapes . I was able to remove most of them , but then while she had a brand new tape in it ate it so bad that I could not get it out . I was very disappointed and so was she . I was able to return the player but was not refunded for all the tapes that got destroyed .
 Besides the sound quality mentioned , ours broke within a month . My daughter enjoyed it while it lasted , but now it does n't even attempt to play a tape . Hoped it was the batteries , but was n't . Now we 've decided to buy a cordless microphone that she can use with any tape/c . d. player .
 My son received this as a gift and he was SO excited . He was playing with it and dancing around when all of the sudden it broke . How long was he playing with it ? 3 minutes ... just enough so that he cried his eyes out when we could n't get it working again . BIG ZERO .
 It was a sad Christmas morning when my 5 year old granddaughter opened this gift . The CD compartment would n't stay closed and we went ahead and fixed it with tape so that she could enjoy the player that day . I took it back the next day and found out I was n't the only one returning it for that reason . I managed to find it at another store , opened the box inside the store only to find that it had the SAME malfunction !!! I will NOT be purchasing another Little Tykes .
 My daughter got this for Christmas and loved it . After 2 days of sporadic use -LRB- this was at Christmas so she was playing with all of her other toys too -RRB- the microphones quit working and then the CD quit spinning . It 's not really a Little Tikes toy and after MONTHS of trying to get this replaced through Kids Station we finally got a new one today . I opened the box to find that the on/off knob is n't even completely attached - it just spins freely without doing anything . They said they 're sending a new one out but , by now , this toy has caused far more disappointment than joy for my little girl and has cost me several hours trying to get the issue resolved .
 I bought this for my daugther and it stopped working after a day . It played one day and all of sudden it stopped for no reason I can figure out . I called Little Tikes to see if there 's a known issue and if it can be fixed and was informed that it was not a product made by Little Tikes . It 's made by Kidstation and they `` just '' borrow LT logo . I was given a toll free number for Kidstation and of course it a number that 's no longer in service . It appears that this item may now be discontinued since I ca n't replace it .
 Visually appealing BUT little to no battery life . Uses 6 C batteries a day ! Cheaper to get your toddler satelite radio ! No adapter included and I have not been able to find one that will work . If you buy this you and your child will be very disappointed .
 Broke quickly . Do n't even know what 's wrong with it but within an hour , it was done .
 Although this still remains 1 of my daughters favorite things I will NEVER buy another Kidstation product again . I thought I was buying a quality LT 's product until it broke 3 weeks later . I could n't return it to TRU because of their strict policies . After going back and forth with Little Tikes it was discovered that Kidstation was allowed to put the LT name on some of their products -LRB- for a fee of coures -RRB- . and LT 's would/could do nothing for me . After an unsuccessful 7 month battle with Kidstation and their excuses of the parts out of stock . I got the BBB involved -LRB- it really worked -RRB- and finally after a total of 10 months received a replacement . The Kidstation reps. I dealt with were rude , iggnorant , un-knowledgable and very un-helpful . So please , all of you out there looking for quality , safe , reliable products for our precious little ones read the toy boxes to ensure their are in fact made by who you think they are . And SHAME ON LITTLE TIKES for not trying to assist . KUDOS to the Better Business Beaura for immediatley getting ontop of the vendor and ensuring I received a replacement .
 I bought this for our 4 year old son for Christmas . We could not get it to work . The cds we put in would not play . He was so disappointed that he could play with his new toy that Santa had brought .
 This product stinks !!!! I ca n't believe I even have to give it a star . My mother-in-law bought this for our daughter and within a week it was n't reading CDs , I then returned it to TRU and bought a replacement one online , well would n't you know it would n't even work out of the box , so I had to hustle back to TRU to return it and ca n't even get my money back for shipping - not only was this a HUGE disappointment , but I would have hoped for better service not only from TRU and Amazon , but from the manufacturer . You are better off buying a much better system with a name you can trust . As for Little Tikes , stick to making plastic please .
 My son got this toy as a Christmas gift last year and the mics worked but the cd player did n't read - so we got another one and the cd worked and the mics did n't . Finally we just threw the whole thing away because it was broken in 2 weeks anyway . -LRB- With very gentle use ! -RRB- Do n't waste the money - buy something else .
 I am assuming that this is the new and improved version of what I bought . I usually find little tykes to be a reliable brand , but be forewarned this toy is not actually manufactured by little tykes it is manufactured by kid station . I bought the predecessor of this toy , which only had one microphone which broke about two months after my son recieved it as a birthday gift . I called Little Tykes who referred me to the other company . They promised me a replacement mic in six to eight weeks . Ten weeks later I contacted them again to be told that they do n't order replacement parts at that number . I had to write a letter and explain my situation and then I MIGHT get a replacement in a few weeks . Meanwhile my poor kiddo is singing his heart out into a broken mic and waiting for the mailman to bring him a new one .
 We purchased this slide last summer for our 4 children . None of them weigh over 50 lbs . After a few days of use it started getting water inside but still inflated okay . They enjoyed a full summer of fun last year . Unfortunately this summer we were only able to play on it a few times . The inner liner deteriorated and the outside liner began to rip at the seams . We contacted Little Tikes who told us what patch to buy and so we patched it in several places . It worked for one day then the slide did not blow up fully anymore . The kids hit the ground when they tried to slide so we had to throw it away . It was a waste of almost $ 400 . Needless to say we were all quite disappointed . Also , just to let you know , the slide was always properly taken care of and stored properly . I hope this helps someone ! Definitely save your money , there are better slides out there!CandaceMadison , MS
 After 3 months of using this slide maybe 8-9 times it would n't hold air anymore . We only found a couple of very small holes and patched them but still the slide would n't hold a child . After major investigation we found that the inner lining of the fabric in the doorway had shredded . Air was escaping because the vinyl lining underneath the fabric was ripped . These were n't little tears , it was unfixable . Little Tikes customer support said `` too bad , it 's past the 90 day warranty '' . I 've always loved Little Tikes products but this was a major disappointment . I ended up getting some vinyl at the fabric store and gluing it over the doorway fabric . We were able to use it today , thankfully . The kids love it , it 's very fun , but it 's not very durable . I agree that it 's a pain to put away . It takes in alot of water and takes forever to drain out and dry out . I would never recommend this product to anyone .
 This slide was Awesome when we purchased this less than a year ago . This year , it does n't hold air or the weight of my little ones . It is sad as we had planned an outdoor party with their 7 yr old friends and now we have no slide . This product was purchased after researching others for their durability . Little Tikes is supposed to be a good quality manufacturer - Not so with this item AT ALL . This was not a cheap purchase either as we paid close to $ 300 for it last summer and ca n't use it this summer . Please , I advise not purchasing this for your kids unless you do not mind throwing away your money . This is NOT a durable item for your family . This will not hold up .
 While this slide is a lot of fun , there are major drawbacks . It is very time consuming to dry , deflate and put away . Also very heavy , so that it pretty much takes 2 people to do this . The worst thing though , is the lack of durability . We developed a split in one of the seams last year after only 5 uses and then at the end of summer , the slide developed multiple holes - too much to effectively repair . i WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE OF THE POOR DURABILITY .
 We bought the slam n slide for our two kids to use during the summer . Probably used it about 3 times a week , completely taking down and putting it back up each time and it lasted for only about half of the summer . Once it got water inside , it was impossible to dry out and then the two layers came apart and ripped across each of the outside walls . The first couple tears or holes we fixed assuming it would last a little longer , but it was short lived . The hoses all cracked at the joints and I had to patch each joint with a hose clamp to make it work.It was fun while it lasted now the new version is smaller , made of the same material by the same manufacturer and costs $ 100 more . Definitely not worth it if you consider value for your money .
 Not worth the money $ $ , it is the equivalent of Elmer 's Glue in a different bottle ! This is not special foam glue .
 The Toy dosent even stick together i mean , When you finsh building something you pick it up and it falls apart and the magnetic is not even that strong of quality , you should sell your product for much cheaper
 My daughter is 12 months old and the first time she played with the bus she got very frustrated . The problem is ... the little people in the bus are difficult to get in and out because the carry handle is in the way . Other than this , the toy had a lot of promise .
 Very frustrating because it is hard to get the little people under the rail to set into the shapes they are suppossed to sit in . Therefore it frustrates my son , heck it frustrates me !
 very hard to ride & it 's not all that .
 This is a great concept . I thought my two year old would enjoy riding a scooter like her big sister and the picture looked very durable . However after assembling this toy we were bummed out , the parts are really much thinner plastic than I thought . The wheels are TERRIBLE , they have no traction at all and do not roll very easily . My 4 year old can hardly get this thing to roll , the wheels sort of rub on the sides of the toy . It is the way it is made . Anyway my two year old just opened this two hours ago for her Birthday and we are heading to toys r us today to return this item . I do n't think I have ever written a review or returned a toy . I am really pretty easy to please but this is bad enough I had to share . When we asked my two year old if she wanted to try it again she said `` no sank you '' and went to play with her old toys . I will be interested to read more reviews on this in the future .
 I bought this toy for my daughter for Christmas when she was a little over a year old . She is now 19 months . She got on it a few times but it was too hard for her to push around and got bored unless I pushed her on it.The music box never stays on it for very long because it falls off too easily . The wheels have no traction and when she is old enough to get the concept of a scooter I think she will be too big for it . I bought a trike from Costco for $ 15 and she has more fun with that .
 This toy was the biggest waste of money . I bought it for my son 's 2nd birthday . We put it together and - like all the other reviews I 've read here - the wheels do not turn ! So much for riding or scooting on it ! The only thing left to do with this toy is to play with the little box that makes noise when you push the buttons . Well , like I 've also read in all the other reviews - it fell off ! Now the little box is somewhere in the bottom of his toy box ... . outta sight , outta mind . Now , what is left to do with this $ 35.00 ride 2 roll scooter - besides throw it away , or sell it for $ 2 in the next community yard sale ? hmmmm ... Thanks playskool !
 My 20 month old daughter recieved this scooter for Easter from her grandparents . They were being helpful by putting it together at home before giving it to her . When she sat down she became very frustrated by the fact she was n't going anywhere . She had the right idea , but the wheels do n't move easily . The scooter part was evan worse . She pushed her heart out to barley move . It was a great idea , but not made very well . Since we did n't have the box we are stuck with toy . Her 4 year old sister did n't have any better luck . Do n't buy this toy , it 's a waste of money .
 It 's boring , it does n't roll well , does n't turn at all , no bells and whistles to keep kids interested . What a dissapointing purchase !
 I got this for my 2 year old thinking he would love it . It could grow with him and turn into a scooter , he got it at his 2nd birthday party . We put it together and the wheels hardly turn , theres nothing in between the wheels and the body therefore when the child sits on the seat it presses the body even more against the wheels causing it to not turn the wheels . He never rides it and its going to waste .
 My son could n't wait to get on and ride it but when the wheels would n't turn he got extremely frustrated . I would not suggest anyone buying this toy . It is definitely not worth the money . They obviously did not test this toy before they put it on the market .
 I thought this would be a great toy , a trike for now , a scooter for later . However , as soon as my 22 mth old who weighs 30 lbs sat on it , it applied pressure to the wheels and they would not turn well . He had more of a workout trying to move the trike than fun playing with it . Needless to say , after two times playing with it , he no longer plays with it .
 The wheels did n't work good at all , worst ride on that I ever bought , waste of money ...
 We bought this for our 2 year old son . The wheels were extremely hard to get on -LRB- my husband had to put it on the floor and use all his might to press them in -RRB- , but once we did seemed to be ok . The sound base comes off way too easily and the weight of my 2 year old -LRB- and he is average size if not a little small for his age -RRB- caused the toy to press on the wheels and they were too hard for him to roll sitting or even standing as a scooter . Do n't waste your money . It 's a piece of junk . Buy something your child can enjoy . It might be better with a much younger/smaller child but they certainly wo n't be using it long . It 's definitely not worth the money we paid . It will be sitting in the next garage sale .
 I can not believe that a company would put a toy out that does n't even work . It amazes me that they did n't test it out to see if the wheels at least rolled . THis product is a piece of junk and we are returning ours as soon as we take it apart .
 MY HUSBAND AND I GOT THIS TOY FOR OUR DAUGHTER THIS PAST X-MAS , SHE WAS 19 MONTHS OLD AT THE TIME AND MASTERS EVERY OTHER TOY SHE GETS . THIS ONE IS SIMPLY TOO HARD FOR HER TO PUSH . THE WHEELS ARE SO STIFF , SHE ONLY MANAGES AN INCH OR TWO AND LOSES INTEREST . SHE IS NOW FIXING TO BE TWO YEARS OLD AND STILL CA N'T SEEM TO GET AROUND ON IT . THE ONE GREAT THING ABOUT THIS TOY IS THE LITTLE MUSIC TOY THAT COMES WITH IT . SHE DANCES TO HER HEARTS CONTENT . WE PRETTY MUCH PAID ALL THAT MONEY FOR HER TO PLAY WITH THE RADIO . I WISH I WOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS 1ST !
 ... if you do n't want your kid to go too far . Poor design makes the wheels impossible to turn . Both my kids walked away from it in less than five minutes . I will say this ... at least they do n't fight over it .
 Our daughter received this for her 1st birthday last year . And even though she is taller than average and masters everything , this ride-on was just plain discouraging . The wheels do not turn well at all-whether on carpet or tile floor or used as the transitional scooter option . She hardly ever got on it except to push the musical buttons . It was such a waste that we ended up buying her a sturdy trike for xmas two months later and have since gotten rid of the ride-on .
 This toy was a gift for my 2 year old son who would love it if the wheels and mounted sound base did n't fall off constantly ... On the rare occasion that the wheels do stay on the axle , the problem is that they do not turn ! They stick to the axle without turning . We will be returning this toy ASAP . Thank goodness for gift vouchers !
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old son 's birthday . He has been riding his sister 's Disney princess scooter , but I did n't buy him that type of scooter because I thought the Ride2Roll would be more age appropriate . Very disappointing . At two years old , he is already too big to ride this in car mode . The base of the scooter is not long enough for his foot to get on , and the wheels are totally useless . They stick to the axle , and slide around , instead of rolling . I wrote a complaint letter to Hasbro -LRB- Playskool 's parent company -RRB- and they sent me a postage-paid label for me to send the toy back to them . It 's in the mail ...
 My son just received this scooter for his second birthday and he loves the sounds and playing on it . Unfortunately the wheels are a very slick plastic and do not work at all indoors . They slide across carpet and the hard wood floor without turning . I would imagine it would work fine in the driveway , but I do not know how long these cheap wheels will last on concrete . We 've had it a day , and are seriously thinking about taking it back to Toys R Us .
 My daughter received the scooter for her second birthday and luckily we have a gift receipt . It will be going back . The toy is very well made . However , it just does n't roll , which for a ride on toy/scooter is a pretty big design flaw . We made sure it was properly assembled and tried it on several different surfaces -LRB- hard wood floors , carpet , tile , outside on the sidewalk -RRB- but had no luck . It took my husband 10 times as long to get it appart as it did to put it together but he was so disappointed by the toy , he was determined to get the thing back in the box so I could return it .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I bought this toy after Thanksgiving to give my kids at Xmas . When they opened it they found it would n't work . Rivets in the corners had been incorrectly installed -LRB- despite the claim it was closely inspected -RRB- . When I contacted the company , they said they would replace it if I returned it . But I would have to spend the $ 10 + on shipping . Even though this is an obvious manufacturing defect , -LRB- the women at Miggle said `` well , they are n't made in the U.S. -RRB- it was my responsibility to pay for it to go back . I had already paid the $ 10 shipping on the order from Amazon , so this would bring the total shipping to $ 20 . I even left a message with the president of the company - call ignored . I thought this was a good idea - a retro toy from my childhood - but as it winds up I 'm out $ 110 and own a toy that wo n't work . Think carefully before you buy . Check out the Amazon/Toys-R-Us website , there are a lot of retro ideas that are better than this one - from companies that stand behind their products .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son who is 9 years old . And I am very disappointed . The men do not go the way they are suppose to go and the game itself does not work the way it is suppose too . He has not played again after the first day he opened it because he get 's to frustrated . It was not worth the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- that it cost me with shipping .
 Everytime I buy this game I am sadly disapointed .1 . The game is very noisy2 . The clock does not work properly . Sometimes it even goes backwards .3 . The quarterback is hard to operate . It is hard to pass or kick the ball properly . I have lost so many of those footballs using that thing . I ended up not using it and just go for touchdowns and just run the ball .4 . The players do not go where you want them to , especially if the feelers are bent .5 . It takes five to ten minutes to set up a play that last only ten seconds .6 . It is expensive to buy extra teams in both home and away jerseys .7 . The player pieces break easily , plus if the game board is bent it does not operate properly.In all this game is nothing but a waste of money . I prefer the computer or video football games over this game .
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS TOY FOR ANY CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 3 . I purchased this toy for my triplet grandchildren for their 2nd birthday . At the age of 27 months , one of them dropped it from a distance of 24 '' onto a vinyl tile floor . The glue which holds the pieces together failed , and the toy broke apart , with pieces flying in all directions.Scattered about a 4-5 foot radius from where it hit the floor were most of the -LRB- 42 -RRB- 1/2 '' diameter plastic washers which are used as spacers between the blocks . 6 of the 9 wooden dowels also fell off onto the floor.Had I not been right there and able to quickly gather all the pieces , serious injury or death could have resulted from this incident . Trying to gather all the pieces away from three curious and quick moving toddlers was a stressful and difficult task.This toy is poorly manufactured , and presents a serious choking and impalement hazard . From this incident , the manufacturer 's minimum age recommendation of 24 months and the online shopping website 's recommendation of 12 months are both faulty . This toy did not meet U.S. safety standards for these recommended ages.Any enjoyment and educational value this toy provides is negated by it 's serious safety concerns .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I had purchased this same set from UC Berkeley 's Lawrence Science Museum only about six years ago and still have those coins in olive oil . I compared this set with that one and these are almost half the size and almost everyone of them are half the size ! While it 's still fun to clean them and discover what I have I would n't buy these from Amazon again since they are so mall and frankly most of them wo n't yield anything identifiable in the end which is the whole point of the process . Very disappointed .
 We purchased this set for our son 's 4th birthday and he was SO excited when he opened this gift . That is , until we actually got into the box and realized that half the paints were hardened , rubbery , and dry . The 4 sea creatures are made of cheap and thin rubber and are actually super or hot glued together , poorly . There is glue all over these creatures . The paints that were usable are water based and do not adhere to the rubber material . Needless to saw , we tossed the entire set out of frustration . My son cried on his birthday ... thanks Wild Republic . PS . The store that sold these on Amazon.com was AWESOME about responding to us quickly and courteously and issued us a refund even though we had tossed the set .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 Our child loves to play with a real tape measure so we were sure he would love this one . Wrong . He was excited when he saw the package but was very disappointed when he got it open . It would not pull back into the unit once the tape was pulled out . Our opinion
 The tape measure is big and bulky . The tape pulls out easily , but is very difficult to wind back in , even for an adult
 I bought this for me 3 year old , who loves to play with our tape measure . He was very interested in it initially , but has a lot of trouble winding it back up and so lost interest .
 Tape measure is not 2-3yr old kid friendly . The tape part is hard for a 2 yr old to get out and then they can barely turn it to get it reeled back in . I would not recommend for a 2-3 yr old .
 I thought the tape measure would have been longer . A little hard for my 2 year old to turn . She is not enamored by it , still would prefer Daddy 's real tape measure .
 Love the idea , but the quality is n't all that great . The tape measure is very choppy reeling out and even more so reeling back in . Would not recommend .
 I was disappointed in this tape measure . It is overly bulky and hard to pull out , would be nice for that age if it had a button for self retracting . Would not recommend this product .
 I wish I would have read the previous reviews before purchasing ! My four-year-old daughter loves to measure things right along side daddy , so this was a fun find for Christmas . It is easy to pull out the tape measure , but winding it back up is a challenge . I would suggest looking for another kid friendly option !
 It 's neat in theory but the tape is hard to pull out for a kid , even harder to wind back up . It 's just not really made for a smaller child , maybe more like seven or eight year olds ?
 I tried to use it before givinng to my 4-yr-old grandson . Big , bulky ... I returned it . Very easy to return . I 'd rate returning on Amazon a 5 STAR .
 Children are n't real good with their hands . This toy is VERY difficult for me to wind up much less my 3 year old grandchildren . Since it is awkward , it does n't catch or keep children 's attention very long . Could be a really good toy if it were n't so awkward . I 've had much better . I would highly discourage this purchase for anyone .
 I bought this for my 41/2 yr old for Christmas . It is easy and fun to use and I loved that it is educational and does not require batteries.My son played with for less than a week before the tape part completely ripped out.I would save your money .
 My 2 girls love to measure -LRB- ags 2 , 4 -RRB- I purchased 2 so there would not be any fighting . It does not retract , the way `` real '' tape measures do and the handle is hard to turn for them . Skip it .
 Pretty disappointed with this toy . The plus is that the tape is plastic so it can not whip the handler when it retracts -LRB- bcz you have to wind it up -RRB- . The down side is that it is so HUGE even for little hands . Grossly underestimated its appeal for my little guy - and he LOVES tools . Save your cash .
 This toy is probably good for a kid who does n't understand what the tool is , what it does , or what it is for . But my 2 y/o knows what a measuring tape is , and just needed one that was n't metal that would n't cut his hands ! This thing is HUGE , and you have to `` wind '' it up to roll the tape back up . He has n't touched it since the day he got it b/c it does n't roll up like a real one , and b/c it 's so big . He literally looked at it and said `` Ma-ma , dis is for a baby '' .
 My twins love helping daddy around the house so I thought this would be the perfect toy for them to play with so dad can have his real measuring tape back . The concept is great but the measuring tape is a mess , it is hard to pull out , gets tangled up and is hard to `` wind '' back up . I would not recommend this product - the kids are back to wanting daddy 's real measuring tape .
 So annoying ever time my kids pull the tape out they want me to wind it back up . Boring toy , stupid not worth the money
 We purchased 2 of these for our sons . They are extremely difficult to pull out and extremely difficult to wind up . For our boys it 's a source of much frustration and aggravation . I would not recommend it to anyone . Waste of money !
 I did n't pay close enough attention but this is not self retracting . My toddler constantly wants to play with the tape measurer so I bought this one for him but I would n't have if I had thought about it . He does n't play with it because he does n't want to wind it back up himself .
 This tape was a little sticky and hard for the 2 and 4 year old to use . Its cute and does n't damage the floor but is not the best item purchased .
 On September 26 , 2008 , this item was $ 53.14 . Just in time for Christmas 2008 the price increased by 257 percent to $ 189.99 . Rip Off !
 The quality of the thomas the tank engine trains was simply terrible . We bought this in conjunction with my sister and the train transformer failed with in 20 minutes . My 6 year old nephew was really disappointed and getting it replaced was more trouble than it was worth
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 Wait until another vendor can sell this product.I just got my Hellboy today and was extremely disappointed.The box was already opened and in terrible condition.His right arm fell off.The holster for his gun tore as if someone had tried sewing it back together.I paid 124 dollars for this product and it looked as if I got it from a swap meet .
 This product is unjustifiably overpriced . The manufacturer only includes one pen with this product , when everyone knows most children would be playing with a parent or sibling , then they market extra pens for sale at a cost higher than the original product . I think it 's shameful .
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 After receiving our Thomas Ready to Run set which did n't work , we received Percy in hopes it would work . It did for a short time . Started squeeking so we oiled it and now it does n't work at all . Definately not worth the money . We want to get our money back !
 I gave this train to my grandson for Christmas . The wheels - ? motor started squealling and stopping on the track shortenly after he started playing with it . I had to return the train and have still , after over 2 weeks , have not heard anything from the place where I purchased it . Makes me wounder about buying on line - no one to deal with such problems - just have to take a leap of faith to get it replaced .
 I received my supporters yesterday . To my surprise they were NOT the brand as advertised here . They came as the RAWLINGS brand instead . I was told it was an error and more or less told to just suck it up . Buyer beware here . Obviously I wo n't be doing business with this seller again .
 I am a size 36 wasit so when I purchase underwear sized S M L , like Calvin Klein , I always get medium 34-36 that is not the case with this product . A medium with them is 32-34 the site did NOT give a size conversions so I ordered and recieved the wrong size . It 's been useless , just laying an a dresser drawer never worn . . All sites should have a waist inch conversion to S M L for their products . I 'd love for the product maker to contact me !
 What a pity.Like a lot of guys out there I like the idea of the red jock and Safe-t-Gard appears to be a reputable company with just the product we want at a great price . The price is only great if you accept that the jock starts to unravel , not after the first wash but during the first wear!The strands of elastic appear not to be stitched well to the waistband or hemmed adequately at the edges , so as soon as the garment is stretched which ... . HELLO ! ... . is going to happen with a piece of elasticated underwear then you find little threads of red breaking loose and hanging down , and white strands of elastic poking out.I know , I know , I saw other reviews about the poor quality but I hoped they were wrong . Sadly they were n't so if you go ahead and purchase one of these please realize you may enjoy it for only a few wears before it begins to disintegrate.The fit and color are great.P.S . I also purchased a black one which - fingers crossed - as of today is holding up better .
 This athletic supporter had a great fit . It offered very good support and was comfortable , as far as athletic supporters go . After two to three washes it just began to fall apart . I would n't recommend this product due to durability .
 When I saw this toy advertised on TV and then looked it up on the internet I was very impressed and rushed out to buy it ... but I was VERY disappointed . I will admit that I like that is has all the classic stories that I remember from when I was a kid and it is easy to use but there is way too little to the game . It has four play options , the first being that it will just read the story , which I am a stay at home mom so I do n't need a DVD to read to my daughter I can do that myself . The second option is for the child to read the story themselves , which again if your child knows how to read they can do it from a book and do n't need the DVD . The third option is Read and Play , this was the function I was really interested in . But it turns out that there are ONLY 4 questions per DVD . I was amazed !! How much is your child really going to learn from JUST 4 questions . The last option is Story Games ... these vary per DVD depending on what the story is about and there are once again ONLY 2 games . They could be a version of the classic game Memory , putting the story in order , identifying letters , etc. . Those are n't too bad but I have found that with some of the games , like the Memory game , you have to time pushing the buttons at just the right time as the DVD loads your answers or you will get it wrong even if you pushed the right order of buttons . I even had a problem getting the timing right when I was showing my daughter how it worked . Overall I was very very upset over how little there was to do on the DVDs ... 4 questions and 2 games , my daughter got bored with each disk within 20 minutes . If I could I would return the game and get my money back !!
 This was a huge disappointment . The questions are way too easy , my 3 year old gets bored within minutes . We own every book for this system and there do n't seem to be any others coming out . She ran through all the books in one sitting and now there is nothing more to do . A 2 year old might like the repeating questions but a child that is past that stage will just be bored . It was a good idea ...
 The 1948 Lincoln continental is one of the last cars recognized as a `` Full Classic '' by the Classic Car Club of America . Unfortunately this Lindberg 1/25 scale kit does not do it justice . There are nearly 100 parts and many of them are plated . The snag is that many of them are poorly fitted . Cars from this era were not unibody constucted so there are several sub assemblies . Fine ! But if fenders , door panels , windshield and vent assemblies etc. do n't fit properly to the chassis , you 've got a tedious mess to deal with . All these sub assemblies must be painted separately then carefully fitted . The hood must be inserted in order to line up the front fenders . Keep in mind the hood reveals the chrome spattered engine and ca n't be glued shut . Lindberg 's detail is sketchy . They give you lots of authentic decals for badging and instruments , but no sideview mirror . For the price of this kit no clear headlight or red tail light lens are included . No white wall inserts are even included for the vinyl tires . You must carefully paint them flat white . To sum it up Lindberg cheaped out ! The picture on the box is the actual car not the assembled kit . Show me one assembled , so I can compare it to mine !
 I bought this rocket thinking that it would be a high quality Estes rocket , however , I was very disappointed when a few of the fins ripped off on the first launch attempt . The rocket got off the ground , but it went in the completely wrong direction . I was using all the correct Estes equipment including engines , launch pad , recovery wadding , and parachute . I am usually very pleased with the high quality items I order from Estes , however , I can not says that for this case .
 I purchased this for my 5 and 3 yr old daughters - it took some patience to set up , but finally we were ready to play . Unfortunately , when playing the games on it and you press the buttons to answer the questions , it takes A LONG time for the program to respond - my daughter was very agitated with the controller and the fact that it was just sitting there - then FINALLY after 25 seconds , it responded by saying `` Correct '' - way too much patience expected for a 5 yr old . Fisher Price told me that is just how it works - we are sending it back to them for a voucher for other FP products ...
 This was a christmas gift for my two kids . We 've spent more time trying to fix it than they have been playing it . It 's a nuisance . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME . I read the negative reviews and bought it anyway . HUGE MISTAKE ! What a waste of money . We got it working and while the kids are playing it , it stops working again . Fixing this game is not how I want to be spending my time . And the kids do like it and wait impatiently to play while we are trying to get it to work . Just buy the books and spend your time reading to them and asking fun questions .
 I gave this toy to my 41/2 year old daughter and was able to program the the controller for our family room and rec room dvd players in about 15 minutes , without any difficulty . I played with my daughter , who caught on very quickly . I think its a great tool for comprehension skills . I asked my daughter questions about the story the next day , and she remembered various story details , such as what color the beasts eyes were . I have since bought `` Miss Spiders Tea Party . '' Note
 The system was easy to set up and seemed to be working fine UNTIL my daughter needed to use the Page Forward button . In the Read On My Own option , she is unable to page forward and it stops the DVD which makes this feature useless . In the Read & Play mode , she is unable to advance past the first play section because the page forward button will not advance to the next section which makes this feature useless past the first play section . I did replace the batteries in the controller and the `` Test Your Controller '' confirmed that set up had been performed correctly . I called Fisher-Price consumer affairs and they are sending me a replacement controller free of charge . We 'll see what the second time around brings . Overall , this has been a very disappointing gift for our daughter . Buyer beware .
 My four year old loves to read and is getting interested in game systems used on the t.v. I thought this would be an ideal mix but was very disappointed . First I had a lot of trouble getting the system programed to my DVD player . However , I talked with two different people on the Fisher-Price hotline who were very helpful . Also the wait to speak to someone was not very long . My son loved the game but the biggest draw back was the controller HAS to be pointed straight at the DVD for the system to work . For older children this might be ok but it was very hard for my son , I ended up being the one to push the button he wanted pushed . This was not fun . We have now taken the game back and gotten a different system .
 I thought this toy would be such a great educational toy for my 4 year old who is just now developing language and reading skills . Once I went through the directions on programming the unit I realized maybe this was n't such a great idea . I went through all 3 options on programming the unit and all 3 failed . So I called the 1-800 number in the user manual and they walked me through a few more steps to get the darn thing programmed . After 15 minutes on the phone I still did not have the unit properally programmed so we could use it . The person on the phone said that Fisher Price had problems with certain remote controller units and they added an on/off button to the newer remote units and eliminated the home button and page forward and back on the set-up procedure . They are sending me a new remote with the new on/off switch so I 'll have to once again go through this whole set-up programming procedure and cross my fingers it works . Since I was almost through all the buttons on the set-up procedure we went ahead and tried to play the DVD . -LRB- my son was so excited to try it and I felt bad we could n't get it to work -RRB- I do n't know if it was because it was n't programmed completely or if this is just the way the thing works or if it 's my DVD player or what , but when we push a button it does not respond immediately and I have to push it 3 or 4 times . Needless to say this is very frustrating , especially to my 4 year old son who wants to play the games but then since the buttons do n't respond right away , he get frustrated and then easily bored . I think if the buttons worked it would be a very educational toy and fun to play with . We 'll see what happens when I get my new remote controller in the mail in 7-10 days.I am pretty disappointed with Fisher Price on this one . They usually do a fantastic job on toys , but maybe this electronic stuff is not for them . They should stick to Little People and infant toys !
 Before buying this item I read a customer review such as this . It said do n't buy it as it is a piece of junk . I felt this was just a one in a million '' piece of junk '' as the quality was pretty much guaranteed . NOt so . I sent this to my little grandaughter and , '' guess what '' . It did n't work !! Her father spent many hours trying to talk to '' a person '' . He was assured that a new one would be sent . It has yet to arrive . Do n't buy this '' piece of -- '' .
 My sister bought this for our twins at our request for Christmas . We took two back that were defective and after waiting in line and trying to set up with two different DVD players in our house , gave up and would not recommend wasting the money on or trips to anyone ! Our children were disappointed as well !
 I purchased this product and tried setting it up at least 10 different times using different ways . I received the replacement which looked like it was going to work but never did . Im sure its wonderful if it worked but way too much of a hassle for me .
 Let me preface this review by saying that it was a gift for my 3 year old son . The age range on the box says `` 3-7 years old '' . I think an older child might do better with it than my impatient three year old.For starters , my husband , who is a computer programmer , took over 2 hours to get it to work . Maybe this had something to do with our particular DVD player , but it 's not that old of a model.Secondly , I find it to be very slow . You ca n't press a button until the question is COMPLETELY finished . And then it 's like , PRESS ... wait , wait , wait ... then the screen shows your selections ... wait , wait ... `` You 're right ! '' It takes forever to play the games . My son likes pushing the buttons well enough , but he 's used to much more immediate gratification.Once again , this might work out better for an older child , but I would n't buy it for a little one .
 Well I bought this for my nephew and I never could even get it to program . There is a recording that is supposed to guide you at one point but it never came on for me . I followed the instructions and looked at the troubleshooting but still no voice . I am going to contact the company tomorrow .
 I never got a chance to see this toy in action as we could n't even get the thing programmed . . My 4 yr old got it from grandma for xmas and we tried to get it to work for an hour before giving up - tried all 3 methods -LRB- including the punch a code method -RRB- and still it would n't work . . I 'm a software engineer so I 'm not exactly stupid when it comes to electronics . We finally put it back in the package and took the $ 10 hit in price reduction -LRB- no gift receipt -RRB- when we returned it for a Leapster . My son loves his Leapster , as a side note . . It 's all the things this Read with me DVD would n't have been - easy to use , portable , etc. . Save your money or spend a little more and get one of the other educational electronic products on the market that do n't require a DVD player .
 My son got this gift for Christmas and we were very dissapointed to find out -LRB- after opening everything -RRB- that it would not work with our DVD system We have a Bose Lifestyle system which uses radio waves for the remote so there was no way to program the read with me system . After trying all three methods , we had to call the company and ship everything back to them to get our money back since the products were opened and the store would not return them . No where does it tell you this will not work with certain DVD players which is very important to the consumer . We were really looking forward to using this product with our son and he was dissapointed when we spent an hour trying to program it only to tell him it did not work and he would have to get something else .
 This is one of the most frustrating toys to set up I have ever used . After getting the controller out of the box and watching the DVD setup , I tried to program the controller using method # 1 . Placing the DVD remote and the controller on a flat surface as instructed did n't work , you actually have to make sure both of the remote 's eye and the controller eye are EXACTLY in front of each other . I must have cycled though the set up process 12 times before I almost threw the thing out of the window . My dvd player is n't that old -LRB- 1year -RRB- so I know that it 's not a matter of my DVD player being too old . I tried method # 2 and # 3 , with no avail . Just the simple fact that there are three different methods you can use to set up the controller should tell you something . I finally decited to take it back . This toy is NOT worth the hasstle of trying to set it up , and could cause some major frustration .
 I had difficulty setting up the system . The directions for the set up were very easy to follow , but either my remote or the Read with Me DVD remote was not picking up the proper signals , and it took about 6 attempts to finally get it all programmed . Once we finally got it working , the Read with Me DVD remote did not work well -LRB- had to push buttons several times to get the desired action -RRB- and the CD skipped or repeated questions . Very frustrating ! However , my three year old son did enjoy watching the story being told on TV . He just could n't operate the remote very well ... not because he did n't understand but because of the poor quality of the product . I think it is a piece of junk and will not buy more videos !
 This game takes over an hour to set up and even longer to try to make sense of the cryptic directions on game-play . While I am not a huge LOTR fan , I bought this as a Christmas present for my mother who loves everything about the series.I guess the only fun in this game is how you decide to play , because the game-play directions leave you questioning which way is the correct way . After playing once and realizing we did it wrong , we tried again in a different way . After failing again , we gave up and packed it back into the box as best we could . I hope it can be returned , and if not , I 'll be pawning this off on someone else -LRB- not that I want anyone else to suffer , but I do n't want to have wasted my money entirely -RRB- . Pass on this game completely ! . If you want a LOTR-themed game , try the Trivial Pursuit or other LOTR-themed games . Anything has to be better than this !
 This is the worst game I 've ever played . There is NO strategy involved whatsoever . It 's like a Lord of the Rings version of shoots and latters . Even the most hard core Lord of the Rings fan could never enjoy this game . Plus , this is only 1/3rd of the game . You have to buy two more boxes to complete the game . Children wont enjoy it because its superficially complex . Adults will not enjoy it because the complexity is pointless . Its pretty picutres do not make it less tedious and boring . Do not waste your money .
 This board game is wonderful to look at , there 's no doubt about that . The idea of interlocking board sections that expand the playable area as the `` plot '' continues is original , and necessary to keep the board size manageable . That 's about all that there is good to say about this set as it is otherwise not worth the investment of either time or money.The first warning sign was that this game had potentially the longest out-of-box set up time I have ever experienced of any board game . My family and I spent almost as much time assembling the game pieces and reading , and trying to make sense of , the rules , which range from the cryptic to the absurd in their attempt to simulate strategy.The game claims to have an element of strategy , but the hapless player remains at the mercy of game cards which end up being the true soul , whatever there is of it , of the game . The points system fails in every respect , be it a goal or a source of competition between players . In the end , the points system has almost no bearing whatsoever on gameplay . Where 's the strategy ? Where 's the competition that keeps a game from degrading into collective solitaire ? There is none.Simply put , the game is no fun whatsoever , even for the truest Lord of the Rings fan out there . Each move does nothing more than tell a miniscule chunk of the story that most bothering with the game in the first place already know , and it does not even do that well . Actual interaction is at what seems to be a deliberate minimum -LRB- since the game is already constrained absolutely by the plot on which it is based -RRB- , the players do little more than roll the die to reveal the next section of plot.The game get low marks for durability as well . Despite the fact that most the board itself and the game pieces are made well enough , the board pieces must be punched out of larger sheets of cardboard , creating enourmous amounts of waste , and the three dimensional paper mountain takes quite a beating each time it is built and deconstructed . Furthermore , the box itself provides no separate compartments for the game cards or pieces , forcing the entire game to organise itself as a messy pile in the box , waiting to be reorganised the next time the player lacks the heart to spare his or her guests the agony of sitting through this game.Overall , this is a poorly made game with the poorest of intentions . The lack of any semblance of gameplay and the need to purchase the next two installments to complete the game make it obvious that this game , and it successors , were slapped together with little thought other than profits and taking advantage of popularity . I am sorry that I opened it at all , instead of exchanging it for something that my family could enjoy . At least the box looks nice .
 This game was a blast when I played it at a party two years ago , but even then I saw the flaws . This game is extremely predictable and is very lacking in stratagy . When I joined that game awile back I saw , however , that there was potential , especially in the excellent board itself . Being the hard-core gamer that I am , I bought the game with the intent of altering the rules and even expanding the game to a degree . I intend to re-write the ring cards and add some features that I have learned from my RPG experience.That said the average gamer who picks up this game will be dissapointed if he never had the intentions I did . However , even if a person were to only swap out a few of the ring cards with some of his own creation every now and than , the replayability of this game would soar . I would recommend this game to any LOTR fan who wants a great party/family game and is willing to get a little creative .
 I consider myself an avid gamer and have always enjoyed both the fantasy theme and The Lord of the Rings Universe so it was only natural to be attracted to RoseArt 's trilogy of games -LRB- one that corresponded to each of the Peter Jackson motion pictures -RRB- . The sad thing is that had I taken seriously the abundant negative reviews available on the subject , I could have saved myself some loot , several evenings and a lot of frustration!I purchased the third game -LRB- Return of the King -RRB- but then discovered that all three of the games are essentially the same , the differences being the events on each of the action cards and the rough outline of the game board so that each game relived events from the individual films . The funny thing is that the weakest area of the whole experience -LRB- the game play mechanics -RRB- is identical regardless of which of the three you 've purchased ! Further illustrating this fact is that RoseArt designed the games to form one massive 3-hour quest by linking all three of the games together . Side note - if anyone on this planet had the patience , will and determination to play through the entire trilogy in one sitting , please drop a line because you should be nominated for an award.The games are quite nice to look at , I can not deny this -LRB- in fact that 's 98 % of what made me cave in despite the terrible reviews and give it a try -RRB- . The fairly detailed game board is n't one massive unit but rather a collection of 15 puzzle-like pieces that lock together to make the world seemingly expand as the game plays on . Sure this is a common technique in role playing games like Descent but unfortunately , it 's little more than a novelty act here . Literally the first roll of the die forces the player to begin connecting additional board pieces so after several minutes of trying to locate and attach the next piece , even the most patient player is going to find himself wondering why he did n't just start with the first four or maybe five map pieces right off the bat.That leads directly to my next complaint - you have never encountered games with more setup time than these -LRB- and that includes hard core role players -RRB- . Each map contains several 3-D pieces -LRB- still constructed out of cardboard unfortunately -RRB- that demand incredible origami skill to properly assemble . Worse still is that these pieces need to be disassembled after each session if there 's any hope of returning them to the box . As you might expect , thin card stock and repeated assembly / disassembly means little shelf life but in the grand scheme of things , this is perhaps the least of these games ' problems.A bigger issue starts right with the rulebook . As I said before , I 'm a very avid gamer and -LRB- pride myself on having mastered and enjoyed complex titles like Runebound , A Game of Thrones , Descent and so on -RRB- even still found myself reading then rereading the enclosed 4 page rule sheet several times over . There is no doubt that whoever was charged with the task of writing this thing was instructed to do all he -LRB- or she -RRB- could to make these games sound compelling and strategic.The wording is such that you might believe there is something here worth devoting your attention to , that there is promise of family game nights spent slashing orcs and trying to return the ring to the fires of Mount Doom . What the rulebook does n't elaborate on is the simple reality that this is n't a game at all but rather a dice-driven opportunity to hear about moments from each of the film via small cards . Everything , and I mean EVERYTHING comes down to the roll of a die . You roll to move a character pawn but do n't get excited about that either . Unlike most games , the player -LRB- s -RRB- here do n't get to be one of their favorite characters from the films but rather play as any of the characters on the board at any given time . So much for devoting yourself to guiding your character through to the end.So as I was saying , you roll the die to determine how many spaces any one of the dozen pawns on the board can move . The funny thing is each character has a stat sheet that makes rolling nearly useless -LRB- like Gandalf 's Speed stat at +9 -RRB- . Roll a 1 , do n't worry , add 9 to that and he goes ten spaces . Roll a six and it 's off to the races , advance a whopping 15 spaces . Here 's the snag , every character has to stop at the spaces marked with a ring on them - which is about every third or fourth space to do what the corresponding card tells them to do . So in case you 're not getting my drift , the roll of the die is pretty much a waste of time , as you will always simply be advancing to the next ring space . It 's all but inevitable.Now about those ring spaces and corresponding cards -LRB- tasks -RRB- . Initially you may be fooled into believing this element is a solid one in an otherwise meaningless waste of time but after two or three of these exercises , you realize that this is but another waste of time disguised as interaction . The cards will typically say something directly from the films like `` You fool of a Took ! Roll the die . If you roll an even number add one evil point to your score . If you roll an odd number add one good point to your score . '' Never mind that once again you 're doing nothing more than rolling the darn die , the bigger issue here is that the scoring system is absolute garbage as well.See you get this cool-looking counter that has notches cut out above each denomination for which to slide a cheap plastic replica of the One Ring . It 's like a LOTR-themed version of the foosball table score keeper except here 's the kicker - the numbers mean nothing , zip , zilch notta . You start at 67 and as the example above indicates , add or remove points -LRB- spots on the counter -RRB- based entirely on rolls of the die . Okay , fair enough except there 's an `` S '' on either end of the counter that stands for Sauron . Hit either end of the point scale -LRB- yes , even if you 're piling up good points -RRB- you come to the S mark which means you roll the die again to find out how many spaces to move the counter in the opposite direction . Say what ?! Yeah apparently it 's the same consequence at either end of the scale . Get too many evil points , roll again and move your score marker toward the good side . Too many good ? Roll again and start heading toward evil . If this was n't poor enough , the games writers then add the line `` whoever has the most points at the end is the winner '' . How in the world does that work ? The entire points structure is sheer random nonsense in which throws of the dice have you keeping track of nothing of importance.So with this completely meaningless scoring system , the player simply moves from ring space to ring space to throw the die once more so that they can move their ring slider in one direction or the other . There is no interaction whatsoever for 98 % of the game.Every once in a while , however , you 'll encounter a challenge
 This was an interesting game , maybe the first couple of times . It is about trying to play out the movie as close as possible . You learn the `` walk-through '' a little better each time you play . After a couple of times , it is pretty boring.Unless you are an all-out LOTR nut , pass this one up unless you just do n't mind spending the buck knowing you will only play it a couple times and may not like it at all anyway.Like I said , it 's a walk-through of the movie and unless you own all three , you move charactors to a space and all of a sudden you just remove them from the game.I can not see this being a `` hit '' for anyone . It will either be a complete `` miss '' or a `` miss '' that keeps your attention for a short period of time .
 I ca n't believe I stayed awake through this entire game ! Let me tell you , I am an avid game player . Perhaps my standards are high and that is why I was bored to tears when I played this . My main complaint about this game is that it incorporates absolutely ZERO strategy whatsoever . NONE . NOTTA . The board looks fun and pretty , and it has cool 3-D elements to it , but basically you sit there and role the die and let the game take it 's course . That 's it . Role the die . When we played I had to be the keeper of the event cards -LRB- tells you where to move the players to -RRB- and I 'm so glad because keeping them organized was the only thing that kept me awake through this game.The educational rating of 1 was because of the zero strategy . I suppose a very small child could learn the art of taking turns and moving pieces , but what game could n't teach them that ? The durability rating of 3 was because the 3-D elements must be disassembled and reassembled every time the game is played , and they wear fast . Well , they would wear fast if I were to ever pull the game out of the back of the closet again.I love Lord of the Rings and I think the books and movies are brilliant . The board game was a total and complete let-down .
 I hoped for the sound one but it did n't really specify when ther are or not ... It is not of a very good material , when little kids try several time t insert it , it gets kind of ruined ...
 We bought these for our kids and neither of us were impressed . A complete waste of money and we would not buy again .
 This train is far too light to run nicely on a track . It has a specialized coupler that doesnt play nice with traditional train couplers so you ca n't really connect anything except other `` Thomas '' trains to it . If you do n't own other ones then all you can chug is this one train , but being that it 's so light in weight , you wo n't last long with it . Its so light the wheels just spin on the track at high speed and it easily is bumped off buy the slightest track disturbance . If you can take apart the train and tape a few nickels to the inside if the plastic housing it should add enough weight to make it better .
 I bought this train even though some of the reviews were bad . It was overpriced for what it is , but I knew Poppa and his grandson would love it ! Problem with mine was that there is no give in the wheels . They are so straight that the train can not make it around a very wide turn even at a very slow speed . Hops right off track every time . I contacted Bachman since no one else mentioned this as a problem , but I never head back . The company I bought the train from on Amazon refunded my money quickly , but really I just wanted the train to work . If anyone has had this problem and knows if there is a way to fix it or if I just got a lemon , please let me know because as of now , this train is useless .
 I bought this for my son as his first train . He was very excited and played with it for about one hour and it stopped working . I did a quick check online what could be wrong and found some other people with the same problem.Turns out the engine housing is made of plastic and playing with it for any length of time warps the plastic so bad the housing melts and the engine stops running . Sure enough when I took it apart that was the problem , and its unfix able.I was about to buy some additional Thomas and Friends engines and cars to go along with this but will now totally avoid them.There is no excuse for making something this cheap and then charge the price they do.I would avoid .
 I bought this awhile ago for my grandson , who loves thomas the train , especially sir topham hatt , it cost me more to ship than to buy it , but being a grandmother that 's okay . when the product arrived I was so disappointed as he could n't play with it so was he . the one arm that is extended broke when he tried to move it . I did n't try to send it back as I figured I was already into the shipping for more than the cost . it 's only good for display expensive experience.definitly not worth the money
 I love amazon and use it all the time but am appalled that this item is for sale . Thank god I read the back of the package before giving this item to my son . There is a warning on the back that states
 I got this for my sons Thomas collection . Within ten minutes , the arm had already broken off and the paint was scratching off.My son is age five and this toy is listed for 8 and up . This toy was a lot smaller than it appears also .
 The description says `` not for children under 3 , '' but when it arrived it said `` 8 + '' and `` contains lead , keep out of reach of children . '' I do n't usually write reviews , but felt compelled to write this one because this is misleading and dangerous ! Shame on Amazon for selling a childrens ' toy containing lead .
 I ordered Bertie the bus for my son . It arrived after a long wait , and first of all it is listed for kids 8 + . Reason is because it is made of really cheap plastic ... . something you will find in a dollar store for one dollar -LRB- for package of 4 -RRB- . Even at 25 cents I think it is too expensive . You get the idea.Save your money and spend it elsewhere .
 I was very disappointed with this product . This is not a puzzle . I was hoping for a fun way to give money as gift . However , there is nothing to figure out . The box closes and locks with little magnets inside , so in order to open the box , the instruction is to bang the box on the table to disengage the magnets and then you can slide the top part to open . You will have to bang it pretty hard many times so do n't do it on your nice coffee table . In fact , do it on cement or tile because you need to hit it really hard . Then once you have it open , you 'll need some tweezers to get the money out because the opening is so flat , you can not get your fingers in there and the contents do not slide out .
 I bought this for my nephew so I could give him money for Christmas - in a creative way ! I could n't get the darn thing to open . So , I took out the hammer and the darn thing still did n't open . So , yes , this is a very durable item - unfortunately , too durable to use ! I ended up throwing it away . Do n't waste your money - it does n't work .
 If you are looking for something to `` solve '' buy something else . Not only is this NOT a puzzle , even with using the directions , ours would not open . I wanted something that took brain power but this took brute force and still would n't open properly . It was such a disappointment .
 This item is not as pictured . It has three `` cartoon '' fake holes on the front , rather than the nice border design shown in the picture . It 's really tacky . I will returning the three that I bought .
 This board is on the small size for a toddler to use . The play scene magnets seem to be too big -- something is always falling off . If you are going to buy a magnet board look for something bigger .
 I like the idea of the game but the game itself is not what I had in mind . I was looking for something I could sit around a table and have some fun with family and friends . Many questions are subject matters I would not ask my family or friends so I thought about throwing away the cards that were applicable , then just thought it was a lesson learned .
 Would not recommend . Over & over , &#34; Would ya rather &#34; ... of course . But the most disgusting disturbing things that you 're given choices about . Geeze . Would ya rather stab yourself in the eye with a pencil , or drink an ounce of your best friend 's urine . Good Lord . Very few of the cards were even fun or conversation provoking . Just disgusting . Definately twisted & sick . Not at all fun .
 Nice looking Christmas decoration , but it failed to work by the time we put it away . We probably only played it less than 5 times .
 I bought these because Geomag Pro are not sold in the US , and international shipping on them is prohibitively expensive . Compared to Geomag these are very low quality . The metal plating on some of the magnets was bubbling up , and on some it had already flaked off completely , causing black magnetic dust to accumulate . The strength of the magnets is a fraction of the strength of Geomag . I am still able to build with them , but the weaker magnets make some shapes more difficult to put together . The ends of the rods are larger in diameter , making it difficult to build some shapes that require a lot of rods to be attached to one ball . The balls are slightly larger which compensates for this problem somewhat , but not completely.For the price , I expected these to be of much higher quality . If I decide to make another purchase , I will either pay the international shipping on Geomag , or just refrain altogether . I would not get these again .
 Check out Magnetix under Wikipedia or another internet source . Some Magnetix toys were recalled a few yrs ago and the entire Magnetix brand was discontinued .
 You ca n't make the structures shown on the box without growing a few extra pairs of arms and hands . Everything that you make just looks like a big blob .
 Unless you consider crude and tasteless humor your kind of `` family fun '' , you will be sadly disappointed with this game . With a big bare butt , sperm and phrases like `` laying pipe '' printed right on the board , this is not even close to a family game let alone entertaining . -LRB- ... -RRB- . This one went back ! There are so many great choices out there -- this is NOT one of them .
 My friends and I are big time gamers . We love Cranium , Time 's Up , Malarky and Connectomy . We had big expectations for this game , since it 's always out of stock , but were sadly disappointed . The rules are n't clearly written and the cards are n't that funny . The best part about this game is Impersonation Alley . The rest of the game was dumb and annoying , which I suppose , is what a dork is . I 'm mailing my game back for someone else to buy .
 I 'm not sure where the other reviews came from , especially the ones that say how great it is . It 's a terrible game ! I played this game with my kids and maybe they were n't the right people to play it with . I would n't waste my money on it if I were you . Once you get the game you 'll wonder why anyone would ever pay 30.00 for it . Well we did , so it 's now one of those games that will sit beneath our beds collecting dust . I wish I had gotten something else . The directions were terrible and you ended up making your own . Questions were idiotic and consisted of things like
 This game is more goofy than anything else . My friends are not uptight but after being shown the board and given a description of the game , they were skeptical at best . We 've attempted to play twice now and have never finished a whole game . Maybe this would have been fun when I was drunk in college but it 's a little too silly for me now .
 This game was horrible ! Honestly , I wished someone on here had written an honest review about this game . The directions for this game were the worst I have ever seen ! The actual game was stupid ! We played with 6 other people and everyone thought it was stupid too . Do n't waste your time , or money on this .
 Maybe there 's a difference in quality , but two other sources have these for $ 3.25 . And shipping can make a difference . Google `` plastic cover slips '' and see what you get .
 Received timely but product was not as advertised . About half of the glass , not plastic as advertised , cover slips were broken . Seller refunded half of purchase price .
 I was very disapointed in this item . It fell well short of what I expected . Even with the discount , In my opinion , this product is way way overpriced . The picture of the item on the web page was very misleading . It would have been nice if The web page had a more elaborate description to include the length of the item . I needed a HO Locomotive right away to use pulling our train around our Christmas tree . Amazon was very convenient , shipping was free and time was short . Item did arrive before the expected delivery date . The Locomotive was an HO but I had a constant problem keeping it on the rails especially when the train went through turnouts . When used with an assortment of various HO railroad cars the Locomotive looked to small and just did n't blend in at all . Since we only run the train at Christmas I will be shopping for a replacement before next Christmas .
 I was very excited when I ordered this product -LRB- not sure why they are calling it a toy ... -RRB- because I finally found an easel that had all the features I wanted that did n't cost hundreds of dollars . Weeks and a few follow ups to Amazon and the vendor later , I had to cancel the order . The vendor did n't even respond to my request for status . Have n't been able to find anything like it since that I can afford . Like Mom always said , `` if it sounds too good to be true , it is n't . ''
 do n't be fooled by its `` real '' price before sales I have no idea what they were thinking $ $ $ 99.99 ... !!??? So if you think that you are getting a bargain you are NOT , the actual real price is what they are asking for it ... $ 14.99 . regarless I am buying it for my nephew and hope that he likes it.They get 1 star because they are liars !
 Like all Kushies Zolo products , these had such a fun design that I could n't resist them , even for the price ! However , the link pieces in this set do n't stay linked together very well , due to the funky shapes that make the set so appealing in the first place . The situation just got worse over time , as the links slowly began to stretch out of shape until they looked less like rings and more like arcs - they 're made out of far too flexible material . My husband and I mainly used these to keep our daughter amused while shopping or in the car and to attach toys to the car seat or shopping cart ... except that they would keep falling off since the links kept coming apart ! So , as fun and zany as these are -LRB- and the plush characters are admittedly cute and I have no complaints against them -RRB- , I recommend going with a cheap five dollar set of regular plastic rings - they do the same job , but they 're indestructible and cost a fraction of the price ! -LRB- Plus there are like 20 of them in a set ! -RRB-
 Due to the ongoing problems with products manufactured in China over the past few years , I was so disappointed to get these beautiful Kushies Zolo Links and discover that they were actually made in China . I do not think it is appropriate to import items from that locale for babies who will be putting these things in their mouths .
 He was n't into these at all , the linking things was sort of interesting but just not that great . So he 'd play for about 30 secs then run off , waste of money for us .
 I was so excited to get this toy . I love the idea but this has been an expensive toy that has barely been played with . You can create a few different configurations but with the lack of pieces , there are only a couple ways to get it to work and be balanced . If I get it out and &#34; force &#34; it on my two and four year old they may play with it for a couple minutes but mostly it is collecting dust on our shelf . Wish I could have this purchase back .
 I like the design too , but also think that our daughter does n't really play with it - and she 's had it for over a year ... probably appeals to adults more than kids . I recommend getting magnetic toys that have multiple purposes for a range of ages ... magnatiles ?
 This was advertised as 0 gauge and it turned out to be HO gauge . It was a Christmas present so there was no time to return but it certainly does n't fit the train set it was bought to be a part of .
 There are a lot of products I see that I want , but no gauge size stated . They come in O gauge and Ho and sometimes N gauge .
 Buyer Beware you are only getting a POD ! NOT a doll IN A POD !!! You must buy the doll separately , and if you do not look closely you will end up will a granddaughter who is very sad ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ordered this based on the great reviews . Item arrived in a clear plastic bag and was just overall a cheap toy made in China . Yes the fabric is soft but it was no different than a soft blanket or a teddy bear . I do n't get the hype . Returned .
 My little neice was not impressed ... doll was cute and soft when in the bug outfit , but you take her out and she has no legs - just a weird tail-like thing ... . Not a fan .
 Very cute doll , but almost as soon as we got it home I noticed there was a little hole under the doll 's arm that was leaking stuffing . Also , baby is n't interested in it ! Disappointed -- this company 's toys usually seem to have very good workmanship .
 I purchase the little barn to use as a stand alone demonstration piece and not for a train set . It was difficult to put together and keep together . Finally gave up and tossed it . The instructions were limited . It should have been simple to connect the pieces , they would not stay together . Gluing did n't work .
 similar to all products made in china , quality is an issue
 I purchased 3 rafts for my nephews for my pool , the rafts lasted less than 1 week . The boys enjoyed them while they lasted . Definitely did not get my money out of them .
 I bought two of these for a vacation to Myrtle Beach . Neither would hold air . The valve would not seal after blowing air in . Even with the plug inserted , they both went flat in less than 60 seconds . Waste of money -LRB- and air -RRB- .
 This product is very poor quality . After using it once , it would not hold air . I remember having fun on surf mats growing up , but I got no satisfation out of this product since it did not hold up to even one use .
 Big Canvas Surf Rider 60 '' x 29 `` This is very difficult to inflate and the valve leaked almost immediately . Do n't waste your money !!!
 This float leaked within 5 minutes of inflating and before I ever got to the beach . I had to continually re-inflate while in the ocean . It is a great size and looks like a quality product but has poor construction .
 My wife and I were discussing how fun the canvas rafts were when we were kids . I was able to get these rafts in time for our vacation . Sad to say out of the three we purchased one can still hold air . We were deflated as this product . Find something else.Two raft can not hold air and the grommets are rusted off . This purchase was made August 10,2012 .
 My grandson only weighs 40 lbs and he was getting on the float and had split the the seam of the float . I was hoping that they would last longer then they did ...
 The Bratz did it first , and they did it much better than My Scene . Bratz have much prettier features , and are n't wearing such trashy clothes . Nolee here looks like a gothic demon . -LRB- Just look at the pictures -RRB- . Bratz are so much cuter than My Scene dolls . Mattel should have accepted defeat , and came up with their own ideas !
 This really looks like a hoochie Barbie !! I ca n't believe people would buy this for their kids ... they belong on the Girls gone wild videos ... This whole line of dolls is so degrading , is this what you want your kids to wear ?!
 I bought this barbie -LRB- My Sceen-Nolee -RRB- for my 9 year old daughter . I did n't think there was a problem until she asked me what a communist was . I asked her where she heard that word . She told me on the Barbie -LRB- My Sceen-Nolee -RRB- Cd . The Song is Soak up the Sun by Sheryl Crow . I never thought I would have to check out Barbie products . This is the first . My daughter and I have been collecting Barbies for about 8 years . So this is the first time I 've been very upset . We are 100 % Proud Americans and love our freedom in the wonderful United States . I hope you listen to the cd and send me a reply on why you would have something about communist on our childrens toys . Debbie Demke . P.s. Waiting for a reply ...
 This is such a wierd doll . It 's hair is 2 puffy , and he is so ugly .
 This puzzle is less sturdy than I thought it would be . I would estimate its value at $ 4 . There are no handles on the puzzle pieces . You can do better for the money .
 This is terrible . I have the shark one . The connector piece is too short and barely fits on the hose . Once I finally get it on the water barely comes out and if I turn up the water it pops off the hose . After trying this 10 times , I have given up and my kids are now just playing with the water house . Did they even try out this thing before they decided to sell it ? I 'm taking mine back and I better get my money back !
 The mat came wrapped in plastic wrap , not the actual original packaging . I 'm gon na have to call customer service to see if I actually purchased a used product instead of a new one . I 'm very disappointed .
 Neat concept , but the wing materials are too weak to withstand flight . Immediately after launch , the wings go way past horizontal , killing any forward progress . Do n't waste your money .
 first of all , the right wing opened way more than the left . the stabilizer broke off in midflight . it shot straight up , then fluttered down like a helpless broken helicopter . after a few times we could no longer lock the wings in place . age 11
 This thing sucks the darn thing fell apart in mid air and then busted our neighbours window . Do n't waste your money on this i say go with `` air hogs '' there much better .
 The planes launcher was very difficult for my child to use . It was always stuck . Also the planes ' wings did not expand upon take off regularly therefore one ripped duting its last flight . We were very dissappointed with the quality of this toy .
 This thing sucks the darn thing fell apart in mid air and then busted our neighbours window . Do n't waste your money on this i say go with `` air hogs '' there much better .
 This seller and item were both AWFUL ! I have never felt so compelled to write a review . Usually do n't waste my time , but needed to warn others !! Rude seller.Wouldn ' t replace defective item.Receipt says they will return and refund items but they DO NOT ! The airplanes were so cheaply made they broke while putting together . -LRB- if they were n't already broken in the package -RRB- My seven year old son was IN TEARS because he had saved up his money to buy two of these . Since I opened the package -LRB- to put it together -RRB- they said I could n't return it . I have had several styrofoam airplanes in the past , so I DO KNOW WHAT I am talking about . DO N'T LISTEN TO OTHER REVIEWS ! Really , you could n't just refund the defective items ? Back your products and if they stink , refund the customer ! Do n't buy from them . Target carries a heavy duty airplane that we will purchase again . -LRB- AirHogs stickers on it -RRB-
 Remembering I had one of these as a kid , I placed an order for my soon-to-be five year old 's birthday . I received the first package about four days after placing the order . The box that was used was very poor and the fuselage towards the rear of the plane was broken . Called customer service and they were very understanding and sent a replacement via FEDEX since I had told them it was for a birthday party . The next one arrived two days later , packaged in a sturdier box but it was also broke in the very same spot . Same thing again , called , new one sent out , even better box - still broken . It 's been a few weeks , so waiting for my refund to come through . Since they were all broke in the same spot , I suggested to them on my last call that they check their on-hand stock to see if all of them might be broken as well .
 Purchased as gift for seven year old . Assumed he would get a kick out of the size . Item came broken in two places , shipping box was not damaged so appears item was packed and most likely sent out broken . I fixed it with wood glue and tape , wings fell off every two glides , item was extremely cheap and broke further . After about twenty minutes , plane was ready for the garbage . Dont waste your time with this product .
 This toy is terrible . Do not buy . One to the two I ordered was broken upon arrival The other arrived in good condition , but broke after just one throw where it landed on soft grass . My kids were extremely upset and disappointed . Very poor design . Look elsewhere .
 As numerous people of commented , they do not seem to be able to ship this without breaking it . Also , it 's just not as cool as the toy you remember from your childhood . I wanted to love this , but can not even like it .
 So ... the glider arrived broken at the wing joint . I remember these being fragile as a kid anyway . The packing was good so I know it was packed broken . No matter . Though I enjoyed the repair since I 'm a tinkerer , I am a bit annoyed that I paid twenty bucks to receive something broken . If you 're not a handy person ... do n't order . If you are ... by all means .
 At the begginging is looks hard to build but it gets easier as you go on . Never in my life have I built a modle until now
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . It is mostly made of cardboard and tons of very small pieces . It is not sturdy and most of the time falls over after every little piece has been placed on the shelves . In putting it together and punching out all of the cardboard pieces , we even tore a few . There are many other Barbie sets that I would strongly suggest in place of this . This toy is not durable and is very frustrating !
 When I purchased this item , I thought I was getting the metal box , gameboard , and peices shown in the picture . Once I recieved it it was just a rinkydink spinner with a couple cards in a cardboard box . No gameboard , no game peices , and no metal box ! IF ITS IN THE PRODUCT PICTURE , YOU SHOULD SEND IT !
 I usually rely heavily on the Amazon reviews before making toy purchases . This time , however I did not listen and should have . I read the reviews about how hard it was to get dolls in and out and said to myself `` How Hard can it be ? '' Well , Its nearly impossible !! My hands were twisted in so many different directions I couldnt beleive they actually put this out on the market . I bought this for my 3 year old son because he loves dolls and dollhouses . I will say that despite him having to call me every time he wants to change seating arrangements , he still does enjoy the car once everyone is in . -LRB- Sometimes its 20 minutes before I can get everyone in -RRB- . My advice is to get a convertible or something else and pass on this one . -LRB- Unless you like whining and scratched up hands -RRB-
 I purchased two Happy Families for my girls to play with . I purchased the nursery and I purchased a living room as well . I loved the look of the Volvo and purchased two . Well , it takes a Houdini to get the dolls into the car . Cute idea , poor engineering . I agree with the other reviewer who suggested a larger , more open car . I just wish Mattel made a car with the children 's car seats and adult seat belts that was easier to play with . I am returning the other Volvo I purchased .
 Being a fan of the happy family , I purchased this car right away.PROS : The car is nice , has storage space , included safe seats for both kids and nice ` day out ' accessories including toys for the kids . If you do n't own a happy family , Krissy will fit in the baby seat even though she 's a little bigger than the Happy Family baby -LRB- yes , I tested it -RRB- . And Kelly , of course , fits easily in the Ryan car seat . And , of course , any Barbie doll can sit in the front seats . And the seat belts promote driving safety . Also , the hatchback is great for actually carrying things in the car . I remember when I was little I use to have to carry things I ` pretend ' to be in the trunk of my doll car in my pocket.CONS : The seatbelt in barbie cars are always akward and in my experience with kids , always get pulled out eventually , these will to . It 's really difficult to strap in both kids . Luckily the infant seat comes out , but because the baby is so tiny it 's still annoying and frustrating for little hands to get the baby strapped in . Ryan 's seat would be easier to strap in/access if it came out of the car for you to arrange the straps -LRB- like the Barbie mini-van included thier removable Kelly car seat -RRB- . I mean they say it 's removable , but I could n't get it out , never-mind the kids . The way it 's in the car , putting him in is akward and getting the straps on is annoying . And the parents are hard to get in if the legs are n't perfectly straight -LRB- especially Alan , and there 's still some shoving needed to get him in right despite the fact the seats move -RRB- . This takes away from the fun of play because most kids want to put the family in , ` pretend ' to drive a little and have them get out easily . Since these are common Barbie car problems , I hope Mattle thinks of making future vehicles more accessible to little hands.Here 's another PRO thought , the car is durable . Despite all the pushing , shoving , and manuvering required to get the dolls in , let alone things like falling down the steps , it has yet to break .
 I purchased this car for our three year-old granddaughter . Within the first ten minutes one of the seats moved and we were not able to put it back in place . I would not purchase this product again .
 I purchased this and many other family Barbie dolls and accessories for my 5 year old this past Christmas . It was a waste of money and ended up in our spring yard sale . While this was a wonderful concept , it would have been better if the manufacturer had taken into consideration that this would be played with by small hands with developing motor skills . The dolls are difficult to dress and are hard to fit into the car as well as the house and furniture . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This vehicle is attractive for children who have Happy Family or any Barbie items , however the dolls DON `` T fit . Except for the babies you ca n't get the Dad all the way in .
 First , the Volvo wagon is supposed to be scaled for the Midge series of Barbie dolls , slightly smaller than regular Barbie.Another annoyance , it comes with a little pink roll-on suitcase full of microscopic Fisher-Price replica toys that have nothing to do with the Volvo . I put all the tiny pieces together in the suitcase for my granddaughter and the suitcase would n't close . I looked on the box illustrations , and sure enough , they show a suitcase NOT CLOSED . How could they design such a silly bunch of add-ons ? I just got rid of all that teeny-tiny stuff that does n't relate to the inherent play value of the car . Any kid would prefer to put her/his own stuff into a little suitcase than this mishmash of silly product promo from Fisher-Price . Would have been nice to have a choice of colors , even approximately the REAL colors that the Volvo wagon comes in . I just wanted my granddaughter to be able to play-like with Grandma 's white Volvo wagon . How hard should that be ? Overall , I 'm disappointed with this toy . For 28 $ , shipping included , I expected a better toy . Not worth the money .
 I had to return it because my son kept on running over his barbie dolls with it .
 My 4 year old daughter received this toy for Christmas along with the Happy Family dolls . She loves the dolls themselves , but this car is an endless source of frustration for both of us . It is nearly impossible for an adult -LRB- and completely impossible for a child -RRB- to get the toddler and baby buckled into the backseat and no one in our family is able to get the adults in the front seat . This is my third child and we have had many toys in our house over the years , but none has ever been as poorly designed as this car . I would return it , but my daughter loves having a car for her family . I strongly recommend AGAINST buying this toy .
 I bought this game for my son for Christmas . The instructions are so poorly written , we have no idea how to play the game . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 To make a long story short , my pool had a leak in it at the seams . Therefore , we have n't even enjoyed 1 day in it , and I have planned a birthday party for my son 7 days away . Right now I am not a happy camper . Why ? I spent over $ 100 leveling the ground , I have 5,582 gallons of water used , and I have a manufacturing leak . A leak that was n't my fault . So I have to go back to the store and buy another one , level the ground at the new spot , transfer the water , then take the defeated one back for a return . Hopefully I will be a happy camper once I finish and I will be back to update my review rating . Think of me in this Texas heat while enjoying yours . -LRB- lol -RRB-
 HAVING PLAYED FREE CELL ON MY P.C. FOR YEARS I WAS THRILLED TO SEE A HAND HELD VERSION OF THE GAME ON THE MARKET . I IMMEDIATELY PURCHASED THE GAME AND UPON DELIVERY CAREFULLY READ THE INSTRUCTIONS IN CASE THE BASIC RULES VARIED FROM THE ONE I WAS ACCUSTOMED TOO . I TURNED THE GAME ON AND IT MADE ALL KINDS OF NEAT SOUNDS BUT I QUICKLY BECAME CONFUSED AND FRUSTRATED . DUE TO THE DESIGN OF THE PLAYING AREA I COULD N'T READ THE CARDS THAT WERE STACKED UP BECAUSE THEY WERE SO SMALL . THE SCROLL DOWN BUTTON DID NOTHING BUT CONFUSE ME EVEN MORE . THE FRONT CARD WAS BIG AND BOLD BUT EVEN WITH MY GLASSES ON , IT WAS VERY DIFFICULT TO DETERMINE WHICH CARDS WERE STACKED ON TOP OF THE FRONT CARDS.I CONSIDER THIS GAME A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT AND WASTE OF MONEY . MUST HAVE EXTREMELY GOOD VISION AND MUCH PATIENCE TO ENJOY THIS GAME .
 You ca n't see the cards in the screen . Color does not mean red and black for the suit . It just has color effects . No help to determine suit . Roll up button takes you directly to the top row only . Still ca n't see the cards in between . After just few minutes the display was too dim to read . Turned it on/off , new batteries ; nothing helped . Sent it back . I also have the Radica Free Cell . It is superior ; just wish it was in red and black .
 This game is a big waste of money . It is nearly impossible to see the screen . If you like freecell , there are other handheld freecell games that are a lot better .
 Purchased the Freecell game with so called better graphics but when playing a magnifying glass is needed to see all the colors !!! Do n't buy this game unless you want to go blind .
 This game is extremely difficult to play if you do n't have the eyes of a hawk . The covered cards are next to impossible to see , and you ca n't get any other view of them . I returned the game and ordered a different brand .
 The game is not like the usual Freecell . When you turn it on it starts automatically and it can not be controlled . No button will assist . In appearance there are no card images . Images are not clear . No contrast - very dull . It could not be figured out how to play because you could not control the game . The numbers just ran up to the top and finished by itself . Was looking for some way to calibrate the game but there did not seem to be any .
 This product is terrible ! I put batteries in it and used it for 2 days about an hour each day and on the 3rd day , the screen went blank . It does n't light up anymore ! It makes lots of noises , but you ca n't play the game anymore . It 's a waste of money and time . I would think the products you sell would hold up a little better . I 'll think twice about buying any electronic games on Amazon.com again . I will also highly recommend to my friends not to purchase them through Amazon.com .
 As I watched my 11 year old attempt to assemble this simple bridge I was absolutely appalled that a company would advertise this as a snap on assembly . My son recently won a local lego building competition but was completely unable -LRB- as was his father -RRB- to put this together without it falling apart at every step.Why advertise this as snap together if it needs glue ? My boy is just starting his model railroad hobby and I can guarantee you we will never touch another Plasticville product again .
 This production looks fantastic , but assembly is made difficult by how flimsy the pieces are , especially internal components that have &#34; pins &#34; that break off easily . This is purported to be &#34; snap together &#34; but it does not hold together well and easily falls apart if handled much . The only successful way to insure integrity of the final product is to glue it , but again , the individual pieces are fragile . Product needs significant improvement . Very disappointed !
 This is the worst toy that my son received for his 5th birthday . Making a basket is nearly impossible for me or him . There is no scoring mechanism . This toy is going in the garbage .
 The picture and title is very deceived . The title should something for `` kid '' or `` children '' . I 'm not happy with this purchase at all .
 The product seems sturdy , although the picture is very deceiving . The size of this wheelbarrow is much smaller than it seems ... not much room to put things in ... my son will outgrow very quickly . This should be sized for two year olds at the most . Also , very expensive for what it is . Found much larger one at Lowes after purchasing this one and it was half the price . You pay for the name ... Overall , not a lot of bang for the buck !
 Item arrived defective , the axel was the incorrect size and the wheel would not fit on the wheelbarrow . This was for my grandson 's birthday , I had paid for gift wrapping and it was a huge disappointment . Would not recommend .
 I bought this dog to read books to my kids & to play & talk to my kids with . It does fit an adult hand adn the outside of the puppet is soft . that said , this dog puppet is nearly impossible to manipulate . The combination of the rigid large mouth and the stuffed head make it so difficult to make the dog talk I stop using it after opening & closing the mouth 3 times . I came back later & tried again . same result . I ca n't believe a puppet was made like this . Also , there is no way to add expression to the puppet while you 're talking with it . -LRB- this is because of the rigid mouth -RRB- . As a side note , my dog came with the eyes looking mean . there 's a flap of fabric over the tops of the eyes & the way its sewn it makes the dog look angry . After trying this dog puppet , I will definitely not be buying aurora puppets ever . after doing a bunch of research I seem to have found an alternative ... . folkmanis puppets . If you 're looking for a puppet to talk to your kids with , I recommend the folkmanis ostrich stage puppet instead of this dog because of the manipulation issue .
 The products is made almost entirely of flimsy styrofoam . Pieces break every time it is used . Have plenty of glue and packing tape available to keep it together . You need to buy the separate battery and charger for another $ 30.00 - which does n't last all that long . All in all - its a $ 100.00 tissue - you blow it once and its in the trash .
 I am very disappointed in the construction of this toy . The picture on the website and the picture on the box made it look like it was made of a more durable material . It was made mostly of styrofoam and cost way too much for what it 's made of . I have no doubt that this toy will not survive until next Christmas . I would have sent it back if it had not been from `` Santa '' .
 I carefully read the instructions but could only get this thing to fly for more than 3-4 seconds . Once the toy is aprx 200 feet away from the controller , it shuts off or control is lost even after a full recharge of plane battery and with brand new set of fresh remote control AA bats . I gave it 8 tries in six different days and it is difficult to get it to fly or do things on the ground after a certain distance . very frustrating , do not buy
 This toy was a complete disappointment I bought it for my husband for Christmas it barely survived a day and never did what the adds say it can ... booooooooooo ! do n't waste your money !
 go ahead , ignore all the other reviews , hear thisyou get one extra propellerthat goes on the first daysecond dayanother propeller breaksout 100 $
 Worst toy ever ! Why ? If you 've ever played the real pacman , this will make sense to you
 I found this game supposedly pac-man to really be a great disappointment . It was so bad I did n't even give it a way I just lost it some where . It is slow and non responsive . It is nothing like pac - man may be they could have called it pac - crap and it would have been more name appropriate . Surely this game was quickly put out to make a quick dollar to finace another project because if the title was really consumer tested they would have scrapped the whole deal .
 received item in a timely matter , never played still in box . cant rate something that you have not tried out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 You can order this toy at the Fisher Price website for $ 33 , at Walmart for $ 29.88 , KB Toys for $ 29.99 , and Toys R Us for $ 29.99 . The list price on this toy is WAY less than it is sold for here .
 While looking for a sturdy toy for my 2 yr old grand nephew I was attracted to this . However , for the life of me I ca n't figure out why they are charging $ 450.00 for it ! Who in their right mind would pay that much money for a little boy to play with ? Good grief !
 AFTER ORDERING THIS ITEM WITH PRIME SHIPPING -LRB- SUPPOSEDLY FREE -RRB- , I RECEIVED MY CONFIRM EMAIL WHICH CHARGED ME $ 10 SHIPPING . THEN , AFTER RECEIVING THE ITEM FROM WALMART , THE RECIPT FROM WALMART STATED THAT THE TRUE PRICE WAS $ 29.88 ! IF YOU WANT TO GET RIPPED OFF LIKE ME , ORDER THIS FROM AMAZON FOR $ 30 MORE THAN THE ACTUAL PRICE . IF NOT , ORDER DIRECTLY FROM WALMART .
 This toy is only $ 29.99 at Toys-R-Us and other retailers . Amazon needs to seriously address this so that savy shoppers do n't lose faith in them .
 This game would be fun IF you could SEE it ! You have to play this practically in the dark to see it . It is lit so lightly that in daylight , -LRB- like in the car -RRB- you can barely see what you are doing . NEW BATTERIES TOO ! Otherwise it can be fun , but it is hard to get past the first level , because you can not see where you are going .
 The game worked only one day , the screen was so scratched , until you could not see the game . After one use the game died
 A ball is supposed to be a sphere but these are not . Yes they are colorful and have nice designs but the fact they are shaped irregular cheapen them .
 I ordered these as part of a party favor for my child 's birthday . I was expecting them to look like the ones in the picture but half of them are cheesy looking with random generic animals on them -LRB- that are n't represented in the picture -RRB- . These are n't as cute as the ones in the picture by far . Also , we did n't get a single smiley face ball . I blew up a couple and the size is consistent with the stated size . I 'm just disappointed I did n't receive what I expected to from the picture .
 I ordered these balls as a party favor for my 2 year old 's birthday party . I opened one and tried it when I received them I was very disappointed.First , I believe 5 &#34; is the length of the ball when elongated and deflated . When inflated , they 're just smaller than the size of an adult fist . I was unhappy with the size , but I would have still used them if they worked.The real problem and the reason I rated them 2 stars was that they do n't stay inflated . Because they 're so small , it 's impossible to inflate them and get it closed before all of the air escapes . If you do manage to get your finger over the hole and get it closed , a little squeeze on the ball made the valve pop open again 75 % of the time.Over all , I returned them because they just did n't work for me .
 The 25 balls I received looked nothing like what 's in the photo . Most of them are white and blue or white and red stripes ! Much simpler than even the regular rainbow colored beach balls i can buy anywhere . I thought I was getting something more fun , but ended up with less . Very disappointed . Amazon needs to update their product photo !
 This is a great toy . However , the seller should n't be allowed to sell through Amazon . I received this toy from Brians Toys , It was advertised as new in great condition with storage/display case . When I got the item it was `` technically new '' . That is it was in the original packaging , and had never been opened . There was no storage/display case with it , and the package looked like brian had stored it in a backpack and taken it around the world . I 've seen run-over boxes with merchandise in better shape . This ruined the excitement of receiving this toy , especially when paying premium prices for a collectable that was vitually worthless . I do recomend this toy , it is a great product to have especially for star wars fans , just do n't order from this seller !
 Bought this for my Kindergarten classroom and was sorely disappointed . Light source is not bright enough to see anything but a dark , shadowy image . It was n't good enough to use even one time . I should 've returned it , but did n't . For two years , it 's been sitting in my classroom closet .
 The item was received and appeared to be in good condition . However , when I tried to use it all I saw was shadows and then the light source stopped working . The idea behind this product is great but it 's durability is poor .
 This item was a Christmas gift & it did not work . Established a replacement that was then shipped to our previous addy which I notified agent of move & new address about at the time replacement order was processed . So the new one was shipped to the wrong place & not received by us . We purchased a different microscope from the store instead of reordering again from Amazon . I will note this is the only poor experience thus far that I have ever had with Amazon . The situation was handled well & item purchase price was refunded & I will continue to be an Amazon customer . Thank you
 I did not want to believe the review I read because this just looks too fantastic . However , even after going onto the teacher websites , they have no good comments about this . Darn !
 I purchased two of these microscopes for my classroom . They look nice , have big screens , and several lenses with which to magnify , but the light source is awful . I had to turn all the lights in the room off and close the blinds in the windows just to see a shadowy image on the screen . Yes , it does magnify and do the job as a microscope , but it would be nice to see the image on the screen more clearly . I also purchased the ac adapters to power the microscope , but now wish I had saved my money and not purchased any of it . My students were so excited to use the microscopes , but we were all disappointed with the quality of the images on the screen . This may be great to play with at home , but as a classroom tool , it was terrible .
 My son loves the garbage truck but after just a few minutes of opening it and playing with it , he came to me every 30 seconds to put back the lids of the garbage cans . The lids kept on coming off ! This was a Xmas gift , otherwise I would have returned it and get something of better quality . I do not recommend this product as part of the fun is to dump/empty the garbage trucks , hence the lids have to be able to open/close .
 This is a collectible kit , priced for some dude who will assemble it for display and not play with it.It 's perfectly adequate as a Lego set , and collectible . Other online retail marketplace/auction sites have it for a lot less money than it 's been listed here .
 These really are n't worth the money . They do n't lay flat and are n't uniform thickness . Many are cracked or have knot holes . The ones that are whole usually are n't cut straight . I just grabbed a random handful . Twelve of fifteen are unusable . I wish I had n't let my 6yo take some out before I looked at them . Otherwise I would return them .
 My 18 month old daughter had this phone for about 6 hours before it was broke . The number 4 would n't work at all and when the 5 and 6 buttons were pushed it gave the sounds for the 2 and 3 buttons and it would just make sounds -LRB- stutteryish :--RRB- on its own . I would 've liked to have tried to fix it in case the buttons were off or something , but there 's no way to take it apart without completely distroying it . The reviewer before me said that it only had ringing sounds on the fun mode , but that 's incorrect ... the conversations that person mentioned is also on the fun mode . I DID like that it was n't very loud and that alone is the only good part about this item which my daughter still plays with without the batteries -LRB- my cell phone is safe for the moment -RRB- . But the place the sound comes from -LRB- came from : - -RRB- is on the BACK of the phone , so my daughter always had the phone backwards so she could hear it . I do n't recommend this product . Find another if you can ...
 This doll is a great collectors doll , i keep mine in the box and leave it in my doll house.it 's not a good doll to play with.she 's very pretty !
 Unfortunately my niece has one of the Barbie Sweet Sounds Pet Shops , and I would advise against purchasing one for your child . As someone who has worked for an animal shelter , I know first hand how bad real pet shops can be . A majority of the animals are raised in horrible conditions such as puppies born in puppy mills . Pet shops also cater to impulse buyers who have not fully thought through the long-term responsibility of having a pet . Those pets are often surrendered to animal shelters . I think this toy sends the wrong message to kids . Mattel should make a `` Barbie adopts from a shelter '' toy instead .
 I was disappointed that the race car gets stuck around the cruves you have to keep pushing it .
 Our son got this toy for a christmas present and loved it - for about a day . He loved making the car move on his own - all you have to do is push down on the driver 's head . Then it stopped moving on its own . We took the car apart to see if we could fix the problem but the gears are made of plastic and the teeth broke on one and we were unable to get it to move on its own again . We still have the gift receipt and are going to return it and see if we can get one that will last for more than one day . At the very least it would be nice of Fisher Price to sell individual cars that would work on the track once the orginal one breaks if they ca n't make a model that will stand up to the wear and tear of a 11/2 year old.Overall I have been happy with other Little People set we have - this was just really disappointing because our son was really enjoying it -LRB- and we were too -RRB- .
 We had the same problem with the durability of the car -LRB- seems the `` clutch '' stripped after a few minutes of play -RRB- and the difficulty making it around the track.The Little People farm is a much better choice , triggering so much imaginative play . The farm animals get more use out of the race track than the car driver does - the chicken has learned how to drive , the rest of the critters like to sit in the grandstands , and the food cart gets tuned up at the pit stop.Oh , and my 2 year old uses the award stand as a `` compooter '' to play school .
 My son got this as a present for his first birthday . He was so excited because he loves cars ! Well after about a month the car stopped moving on its own . As far as I have read from others we were lucky ours even lasted a month ! I didnt have any receipt so i couldnt return it . I wish fisher price made more cars because my son really loved it for the month it worked .
 My son got this as a gift for Christmas . He liked it and it worked for 1 hour . Then the car stopped going automatically . We returned it and figured that was a fluke . Well , it was n't . The second one worked for 15 minutes . My son is now crushed because he wanted to race track . He has the beoat and that works , but this is a piece of junk .
 Seems to me the `` Little People '' sub-brand comes in two versions , the high-quality , durable ones that promote hours of play -LRB- like the farm and the gargage -RRB- and the low-quality , poorly made ones that seems to take up space . this is one of those . The racetrack is made of flimsy plastic , takes up a lot of space for what it is -LRB- does n't fold up or anything -- you have to take it completely apart if you want to store it -RRB- . The car itself is pretty solid , but does n't always function well .
 My kids -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- have had this for about a year . It hardly ever gets played with . The house , castle , garage , farm , zoo , barn , boat , circus , playground ... everything else we 've tried is a big hit . This has little if any creative play possibilites . My son loves to see things go , and this does move around the racetrack , but he gets bored with it as soon as we get it out . As another reviewer noted , it takes up a lot of space when it 's taken apart into its four sections . We have not , however , had any problems with durability .
 My son got this for his 2nd birthday . He loved playing with the car . The racetrack itself is somewhat pointless as it does the same sequence of actions & noises every time around and gets old after just a few laps . However , he enjoyed playing with the car a great deal . Unfortunately , it broke after only about three days . One of the very tiny plastic gears inside lost half of it 's teeth , so the toy would only move about an inch before needing to be pushed . We returned the toy and got a replacement only to have the replacement break in a completely different manner after only a few minutes of play . I have n't taken this one apart yet to see exactly what broke , but I can tell it 's something electrical this time . We 'll return this one for a refund . Most of the other `` Little People '' stuff is great , but I 'd pass on this one ...
 This has the look of a really entertaining toy , and in classic Fisher-Price style the characters and scenery are really cute . Unfortunately , the construction of the car 's gearbox seems to be quite poor . Ours made it one time around the track before grinding to a halt . It still made all of the sounds and could be pushed , but would not power itself around even though you could hear the motor working . I took it apart and managed to fix it , but the cause was obvious
 The car broke after just a couple of days . It wo n't go around the track without being pushed . It never held much interest for him . He loves watching a train so I thought it would be a hit but he was scared by the sounds when we first got it . It took up a great deal of space and was limited in it 's play possibilities . Very disappointing .
 My one year old got this as a First Birthday present - he loves cars and so he loves this toy but it went around on it own just twice or thrice . We have to push it a couple of times at each corner . Would have been a great toy if it had worked.Really disappointing that it has hardly every worked .
 A good trick , but very hard to use , especially for a little kid . You have to tape something to the end of this fishing line and hold down the button with the other hand . When you release the button , the line reels in and `` snatches '' the item away . Works with other things ... not just bills .
 The cord is too short to use the device . If you 're standing to use it , by the time it hits the floor the bill will be about two feet from your foot - if you 're lucky .
 The first thing my daughter did with this toy was take the boat over to her wading pool and put the boat in the water . The boat sank right to the bottom because the directions note
 The toy did not work . It is suppose to move , we put several differnet NEW batteries in and it does not work
 Its actually a collection of short stories that are not at all popular . I bought this for a first time mom that wanted the short rhymes to read and be familiar with before her son is born . Very disappointed , but it would cost more to return than what I paid for it .
 I played this twice last night and it goes on almost an hour which is too long for a light card game like this . The artwork and board are wonderful but that is the best thing about this game . If you have an hour to play games with your family & friends , try Settlers of Catan instead . If you need a shorter game , try Rumis . If you want a fast card game , check out Escalation . If you like word games , get Typo . But stay away from this one .
 I was SO disappointed when I got to see this doll in person ! I have been collecting Barbies for a long time and my absolute favorites have always been the holiday dolls . I love this doll 's dress , the beaded details are lovely . However , the new oversized head really bothers me ! I am not a Bratz/My Scene/etc fan , so when I see `` my Barbies '' being changed in this fashion , I am just disgusted . Her head just looks odd being too large , it cheapens her appearance , plus the facepaint is NOT up to standard for a doll in the $ 30 - $ 40 price range , it is more like one of the $ 5 playline dolls . I will NOT be buying this doll ...
 I always buy the holiday Barbie dolls . I will not be buying this one . The head on this doll is too big . I do n't like the big head trend . Are n't the My Scene dolls enough ? Now Mattle has to put a big head their holiday Barbie?I like the gown on the doll but I ca n't get past the big head . It ruins the overall look.I realize that Barbie needs to be updated over time , but she should retain the same basic proportions . Barbie dolls come in different body styles these days . It 's hard to find clothing that will fit all the dolls.The Sweetsville Kelly dolls with the large heads -LRB- often called `` lemonheads '' by collectors -RRB- seem to have been a huge failure . Did n't Mattel learn from that ? The big heads are unnecessary and do not make Barbie look better . -LSB- Written by my wife . :--RRB- -RSB-
 I was so hoping that this Holiday Barbie would be better than the 2003 doll , but alas , it was not to be ! I did not purchase the 2003 doll because her narrow , elongated eyes were just downright scary ! This was the first time that I had not bought the Holiday doll since 1988 . When I saw the 2004 doll in the store , I knew that I would not be purchasing her either ! Her head is too big and her face looks like a hooker 's . I did give her one star for the gown . I would buy the gown if I could get it without the doll , which ruins the overall effect . She looks like one of those $ 5 Barbie lookalikes that are sold in convenience stores.I know that these big headed dolls are popular with the kids , but I hope that Mattel will consider the likes of collectors as well . After the outstanding Holiday Barbie of 2002 , these last two years have been a big letdown!Note
 I did NOT buy this doll . I saw her in a toy store and i was SO disappointed with the way she looked . Her face paint was that of a ten dollar doll with nothing out of the ordinary like the regular holiday dolls . The dress was nice but not up to collector status . Sorry . Besides her obvious huge head her eyes are big and bugged . Come on Mattel . You could of did better than this ?
 . StarsFun for a child = 5Educational = 2Durable = 3Overall = 2 . Most children will love this doll . They will love her dress , the elegant style of her hair , her jewelry , and the way the gown flows as she `` walks . `` I am a collector however , and I , like most of the other reviewers , wonder who came up with the `` big head '' for Barbie idea . It reminds me of several other design , recipe changes , or campaign flaws that nearly -LRB- or did -RRB- put other companies out of business -- but this faux pas will not cripple Mattel , and Barbie will continue to be the doll of choice for many generations to come.I believe the concept was to create Barbie to be more proportionally correct . When I looked through all of the boxes trying to find one that I liked , I discovered they all had very strange eyes . I was not sure what caused it , but the more I studied the array spread out before me , the more I realized her head was big -- too big . Was she trying to generate a new sensation ? I do n't know -- I simply do not like this style.Without a doubt , the gown -LRB- either in special issue maroon or original green -RRB- is gorgeous , but her eyes appear to be painted by an amateur . Since I 've attempted to repaint dolls , I know just how difficult it is to get the eyes right -- but why should a doll manufacturer have the same kind of problems that I , completely inept at the art , have?However , there is no need to worry about Barbie 's future . Mattel 's gorgeous dolls continue in their 2004 and 2005 lines , and these will be the treat that each Barbie lover has come to depend upon.Victoria Tarrani
 I truly began to question why is it that a toy that has weathered so many years and economic changes , and still is known around the world , would suddenly have features and quality that only an incompetent fool would approve of . Collectors have made Barbie a household word , and through them their children have carried the torch for Barbie . Seems only too fitting that people know why this is occurring . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I agree with the other reviewers ... her head is too big and she looks out of proportion . I try to get the holiday Barbie each year and bought her for that reason . She is not pretty at all . I sure hope next year they go back to her beautiful traditional look . Her head looks like those awful Bratz dolls ... Yuk .
 This toy was n't worth the money . The head fell of the 3rd day i had it . My baby sister threw it against the wall very lightly and 2 arms and a leg came off . If you want a good doll dont even think of buying this peice of junk !!
 This toy is fun while it worked , I will say that . However , after a few uses , it fell apart - the rear wheel falls off the axle because of a crack inside the metal part that holds it -LRB- apparently only by friction -RRB- onto the axle . The wheel will not stay put now , it just comes off while the car is moving and the car stops dead in its tracks . Any toy that was designed with stunt driving in mind -LRB- the instructions encourage doing stunts , tricks and flips -RRB- should be built tougher than this . How do you explain to a kid that they ca n't play with their new toy that they just got because it already fell apart ??
 A perfectly fine Soma cube -LRB- bit small but whatever -RRB- , but the wood glue has failed so far on two of the pieces -LRB- has been played with for about 30 minutes total since opening it -RRB- . The pieces were being handled gently by myself and by a septuagenarian . Have re-glued them with proper carpenter 's wood glue . Apparently the glue the manufacturer uses is no good .
 I bought this truck for my 2 year old . He ends up crying everytime he tries to play with it . The sides of the truck do not stay on no matter how I try to secure them . He gets very frustrated when the sides fall off.The boxes in the back are cheap cardboard and not durable at all.The sounds the truck makes are very short . The box indicates there is a demo mode , on mode and reset . There are only a demo mode and reset.My son has fun playing with the truck and keeps coming back to it but tears ensue every time . I expected with a name like Tonka it would be a little more durable and child friendly .
 Bought this fire truck hummer for a gift . When we received it all the stickers were dried and peeled off . The scale is not 1:12 it is 1:18 as noted on the box we received it in . Also , there is a sticker on the front that says `` no moking '' ... should it be `` no smoking '' ? White spare tire was cracked . Tried to work with the seller to get this resolved but after many emails and more delays , gave up and just returned it through amazon . Not at all worth the $ . Not even sure if it was new ... maybe reconditioned ?
 I should have paid more attention to the previous reviewer but all the typos in the previous review made me not give it as much consideration as I clearly should have done . This ornament does indeed look as if it is home made . By someone who does n't care too much what the finished product looks like . I review very few items but this was so bad I decided I would post one . I bought 3 of them and would return them but as I am assuming I will have to pay for the return postage its not worth it for the few dollars I will get back . I was aware of the size which is exactly what I wanted but what you 're getting is a styrofoam ball with small mirror chips glued on in uneven rows so you can still see exposed areas of the styrofoam . I am fully expecting the entire thing to fall apart in 5 minutes . What a waste of money .
 I bought this doll for my daughter because I could n't find the Fisher Price one . I should have kept looking . When I first set the doll up it would n't do anything . I thought it was broken and eventually realized that the magnet that was supposed to be in the potty had fallen out and was still in the box . I put the magnet back in and the doll worked.It is difficult to get the doll situated on the potty so that she 'll stay . There 's no way this is something my daughter will be able to do by herself.I think the idea behind the doll is good . It 's nice that she tells you that she has to go potty . Unfortunately , our magnet constantly fell out of the potty and is now lost . So , our poor baby can tell us that she needs to go potty , but she ca n't go . We have been unable to find a magnet that is strong enough to make her work but is still small enough to fit in the space . Even if we do find one , it will probably fall out.I am very disappointed with this toy . I wish I could take it back , but I do n't have the receipt or the box .
 The doll first of all is n't all that cute nor is it very poseable which makes it very difficult to try and sit baby darla on the oddly shaped potty the manufacturer makes for this doll . The bottle provided is also difficult to put in the doll 's mouth which makes it a bit messy , we wound up putting the doll 's mouth under the water faucet just to get water inside . The doll does warn that it has to go pee pee but only after some of the water drips out onto your floor or on you . Its cries are annoying and loud , so overall I would not reccomend this doll as an effective potty training tool . After my frustration of trying to use this doll to help my daughter train , I was very disappointed for shelling out $ 25 on something that was n't worth the money .
 I got this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday gift and I wish I had opened it and tried it out before I gave it to her . The doll wo n't stop saying it has to go and when you put it on the potty it makes the done noise but nothing comes out so you put the bottoms back on and all of a sudden it says it has to go again . I ended up taking the batteries out of it and just letting her play with the doll . She loves the doll and takes it every where we go so I hate to return it since see would be very upset Darla was not here . I almost need to contact the company get one that works and then send the bad one back . Overall I would never of given the doll to her in the first place there has to be one that works better for this age group .
 If I could rate this doll with no stars I would . I was so excited to get this doll for my daughter , because we started to potty train her . I thought this would be the perfect doll , because it 's electronic , boy was I wrong ! I could not get this doll to pee no matter what I did . The water would go in , and nothing would come out . When I laid the baby down , all she kept saying is `` mommy pee pee , pee pee '' , the poor thing could n't get it out . I could n't get her to stop saying it . My daughter kept looking at her butt to see where the pee was . I actually felt sorry for this doll , so I took the batteries out . I boxed it up , and returned it to the store . If you are thinking about buying this doll , do n't do it . It is a waste of money .
 I love this toy but it breaks very easily . Within 5 minutes of removing it from the box , a link broke . I do n't think I was using it in any way that was rough or unusual . The next day another piece broke off : -LRB-
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas and he brought it to me after less than a week in 2 pieces . We paid a lot for it and expected it to last longer than one week .
 I have used other tangles and love them . I thought this would be great and it was -LRB- for a day -RRB- . Then it broke after a light use and needed glue . I glued it back in place and it broke in another . I am not being forceful with this thing as I have not damaged the plastic ones I have owned . This thing needs better epoxy on its joints ! Spend your money on the plastic versions rather than this one .
 I 've ordered a couple of Tangle products and can safely say that this one is my favorite . It 's beautifully designed and has a very smooth motion.Sadly , the Tangle arrived broken -LRB- one of the links had popped out and could n't be fixed -RRB- . Amazon did a terrific job issuing a replacement but I would ask Tangle to look into improving quality control . This is a product from Tangles premium range and so I was very disappointed to get a broken product in the mail.That said , for anyone considering a purchase - you should go ahead , its an amazing product ! ** Review update -LRB- 6/23/2012 -RRB- My replacement arrived today ; fortunately this time it arrived intact . I took my review down to two stars since the thing broke after literally an hour of play . I have the Tangle Therapy which is n't as easy to manipulate as the chrome but seems much more durable since it has n't broken yet.Maybe I 've just had rotten luck but based on my experience I would not recommend buying this product . I would suggest looking at other products in the Tangle range instead ...
 Nice idea and lots of `` extras '' to play with besides the mail , but the mail doors fall off very easily and make it a dangerous toy . My son has pulled them off and then fallen over . He now knows they come off and it 's the first thing he does .
 This has got to be the worst purchase I have made for my son so far . It is a worthless toy . The mail doors fall off WAY too easily . The letters never stay inside the slots or the doors . I can never seem to find the correct tension setting for my son to actually walk with this toy . He does not even like it . The only thing he ever does is remove the door with the spinning yellow circle and play with it on the floor . Seriously , this is the absolute worst toy I have ever bought .
 When I got susie strawbella she was carefully wrapped in a plastic box.I wanted to name her Sofhee beacause that is my favoite name ! I feel really bad beacause I accidentily tore her arm off ! Now I 'm saving my money for another one.I think I 'll just pretend Ssofhee has abroken arm.When I get my next one I 'll nameher Amy!Ihope you enjoyed my review!Thanks !
 If the product is made out of die cast metal and requires paint , please say that in the ad instead of having an assembled painted picture .
 I am sure the manufacturer made a good product in their eyes . Problem , it is not described properly . The Chicken Coop is Die Cast Metal on a `` tree '' which takes very careful trimming and is labor intensive in order to assemble . Who wants to spend hours carefully cutting and triming and fitting small metal pieces just to add realism to your model railroad ? If the `` Coop '' was molded in PLASTIC like most kits it would be a breeze to assemble , fit , and paint . Do n't get me wrong I do n't mind a little extra work and the product is a great concept but not when casted in metal . If you make a mistake you are dead in the water . While plastic molded items can be repaired and modified to suit your taste . This is why I gave it one star .
 I purchased this product to give to a sailor who served on the Saratoga . Although I have built items like this before , this product presented a challenge . It comes with over 180 pieces which are numbered , but the numbers are random and often fell off the pieces , leaving a lot of guesswork . I could not find the described paints in any craft store so I was forced to choose my own colors . The instructions , or , in this case , the lack of , made the project difficult to complete . The entire process is done without written instructions to accompany the visual guidelines . While the visuals did assist , they were , by far , not helpful in placing some of the smaller pieces . This project is not for the novice and the owner must wade through the process with less than desirable instructions .
 I bought this Barbie Pin Ball Machine for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas 2004 and it was a huge disappointment for both her and I . In order to get the ball in front of the pull nob , you have to pull the nob out for the ball to pop over in front of it . It took my husband to finally get the ball over so our daughter could use it . I do not recommend this toy for anyone as it is poorly made and impossible for a small child to use .
 From looking at the picture and the title `` sticker roll '' you would expect 65 stickers that are round and of reasonable size . Instead , the top is a single sticker and the ` roll ' is a single panel of many tiny stickers.I had purchased these to help decorate a b-day party - needless to say , not useful in the least and very expensive especially after shipping costs . Save your $ $ and time .
 Actually this bear was bought after reading super nice reviews.I think they charge too much for it , First of all its not Soft as the reviews mention before , secondly , its just an average looking bear , not very CUTE . I do like the huge size , but color is n't too good either , I will obviously keep it as it was a very thoughtful gift from my better half and I do n't want to disappoint . But for future buyers , please note that the previous reviews seem to be written by seller only . . They are n't true .
 My 22 month-old son loves blocks so I was really excited to find these . In fact , SANTA , was going to bring them , but when the next best thing to SANTA ~ The brown guy ~ you know ~ the nice UPS man who visits us way too often according to our visa statement :-RRB- ~ showed up at our door with the box containing these and the MegaBloks Jungle set , I was really disappointed . Partly at me , and partly at the Manufacturer . At me for not reading the fine print that said the set contains only three figures and 15 plain old blocks , and at the manufacturer for pulling such a stunt . $ 10.00 plus s/h for 3 figures and 15 blocks is no great deal . Heck , I can probably get the more expensive brand blocks for that price . Throw in a couple more figures , will ya ? I was so disappointed I did n't bother waiting til Christmas , I gave them to him as a reward for his progress in `` potty training '' . He 's not quite 2 so we 're not planning on overwhelming him with presents so I 'm gon na save the few gift we do give him for ones that 'll evoke some real `` oohs '' and `` aahs ''
 I know these dolls are suppose to look a little ragged -LRB- I have another one -RRB- , but this one was just dirty and used from the package .
 Hasbro is just tossing out old re-hashed star wars figures trying to cash in on a quick buck . nothing new or original here , just old figures tossed in with a new swoop bike ... can we get something new for a change , or is this what the esecs at hasbro think we want ?
 The reviewers that gave this item 5 stars must not have received the same pool table I did ! As soon as I pulled it out of the box 3 of the 6 pockets literally fell off ! The screws that held the pockets to the MDF pulled right out . After inspecting the other pockets , they were about to do the same . But the kicker was slicing my hand open on the staples that were supposed to be holding the side rails on to the table . Instead , they had totally missed the table and were sticking out the side . The table itself was so thin and warped that the balls all rolled to the middle of the table . If I could have rated it a 0 , I would have.The only positive was that the merchant gave me no trouble in returning , so I bought a better constructed mini table for my kids .
 I just received the item and it lasted all of 2 hours before the poor craftsmanship of the toy fell apart . The toy is held together by nails that come out of the particle board material used for the sides.Please do not waste your money !!!!
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Valentines Day . He was all excited until he and his brother played with it . First of all it is falling apart on the corner and when you hit the balls they just stop . He owned one similar to this for years and never had a problem with it . I do n't know what to do and I would like to find out about getting money back or a replacement . The shipping box was pretty cheesey and I wonder if it got damaged in shipping .
 Overall a poor quality product for the price . After reading both the good and bad reviews , I decided to take a risk so expectations were already lowered.Cons
 At first sight my grandson and I were excited , then unpacking the triangle rack was broken . placed balls on table and they all rolled to middle of table . So the table is warped . When moving the table from the kitchen table one of the 1bys came loose . I would like to know how to return it !!!!
 this item is a piece of junk . . it came broken another was sent out and it also came in damaged . . then when i requested a refund i was denied . . price pro is a big ripoff ... Club Fun Tabletop Miniature Pool Table Toy / Game
 Club Fun Tabletop Miniature Pool Table Toy / GameWhen purchasing this table it looked as if it were a good quality table , , but the first time it was used one of the short wooden legs cracked , it can be done easly , and now the game is tilted and , all the balls roll to one side . I feel I was hustled because the price originally was 160.00 dollars on sale for 44.00 , was a different picture of the table that I recieved , because there is no way this one would go for 160.00 . But when my son opened it on Christmas Day he was happy as for me I was happy for him , but dissapointed in the game .
 It Came shipped very poorly and it had broken pieces . My kids have managed to make the best of it but it 's not durable . It came with a broken leg and the rack was in several pieces and a piece was missing . Should have returned it . Not recommended to anyone . EVER
 Very cute , but nothing special . Puppet kept falling off my hand and there is nothing inherently educational about the product .
 This product is terrible . Only turns in one direction ; the wheel on the remote is fake , and has no speed control . The `` trigger '' simply makes it turn to the left . Additionally , swapping batteries requires a tiny screwdriver , so if your kids want to take this on vacation , you 'll have to pack a screwdriver , as well !
 My son bought this toy with his own money , and it is junk . It only drives in reverse and steers in only 1 direction . This is a terrible product . He 's so disappointed that he spent his own money of this useless toy .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 1st birthday after seeing an ad for the entire set of Chicco Happy Garden products . My daughter loves the Little Tikes set that is at her daycare and this looked similar but much cuter . The eggplant has been a bit of a disappointment . She would sit on it and rock for a few seconds at first but would quickly lose interest . Now that we have had the eggplant for 3 months , it has been completely shoved aside . It just does n't rock much . I ca n't imagine a child over 1 wanting to play with it . The eggplant has very little curve to it and is pretty boring . I would stick to the Little Tikes set .
 This is a cute novelty toy , but I ca n't say my son got much use out of it . It was a first birthday present , and he probably rode it a handful of times . And he did n't ask about it when we passed it along to someone else .
 I bought this buggy for my 11 month old for Easter . The seat belt is a great idea . The key and the horn do n't seem to interest her . Plus when I pushed her around the block for a leisurely stroll , the noise from the big hard plastic wheels was really loud . It sounds like a cross between a rock tumbler and a `` hot wheel '' scooter when you push it on concrete or asphalt . I wish I would have gone with a kiddie trike now .
 First of all if you can get past the horrific noise from pushing it on asphalt or concrete , it has to be almost deafing to the poor child thats in it . The next down fall is the lack of sunshade and then that leaves , if you have a tall child with bigger feet , they wo n't fit in it for long , My 11 month old 's feet barely have room with shoes on . So the buy this one early on if you want to get your money 's worth .
 I am amazed to see so many ` good ' reviews of this product without mentioning it 's absolute crap manufacturing . Yes , it 's fun for kids , but good luck putting it together . First , there were no drilled holes in the plastic on my particular buggy . None . The directions make it look as though you can just use a screwdriver . No dice . Try using a hand screwdriver through heavy plastic and I 'll show you someone with exceptionally frustrated hands . My husband and I had to use an electric screwdriver to actually make the holes in the first place . I figured that maybe we just got a ` dud . ' But THEN , and I do n't know how this is possible , but I was sent the complete wrong sized screw . My husband and I went up and down and back and forth and no , the screw is the wrong size . The screw I am speaking of is the one that attaches the handle to the body of the buggy , so that one can tighten or loosen the handle -LRB- in order for storage , I presume -RRB- . But no , the screw did n't even GO THROUGH THE PLASTIC . We ended up having to make a trip to the hardware store just to get a screw that would properly fit.Listen , I know kids love this and I 'm sure my daughter will have fun on it , but it 's really a piece of junk . The manufacturing is absolute crap , and even though I 'm in my early thirties , I found myself wishing for the availability of some old fashioned American made toys . Just junk . After this and one other product from this company , we 'd never buy from them again .
 I had a similar chlorinator that was made by a different mftr . I was disappointed when I received this one because it does not come with holes in the bottom part . You have to poke holes in it yourself so that the water can get in and the chlorine tablet can activate . This was no small task because there are about 30 holes that I had to poke and the plastic is pretty thick . The instructions tell you how many holes to poke according to the size of your pool . The other chlorinator that I had came with the holes already in it and it also unscrewed so that you could put in the tablets . This one is a little awkward because you have to pull off the bottom part then force it back on . Just be aware of this before you purchase it .
 I loved it when I purchased it online and it met every expections I had with this slide . Great slide and just as great design BUT when slide is in upright postion and locked it is VERY UNSTABLE and UNSAFE . It can be easily be knoked over even by an infant or it can just easily tip over when child tries to climb it or slide it . You have to physically hold both carrots by your hands to keep it stable while child is trying to play . Just one oversight incidence by the parents , child will get hurt . Since , I do like the product otherwise , I am trying to figure out a way to mount the legs on ground before I can allow this to be used . Please do not buy this unless you have a way to mount the base on the ground somehow .
 The product I received was not illuminated and it is faulty besides . The puzzle does n't work till the finish . I 've used illuminated Sudoku games for many years and this was a major disappointment . I still have it but it 's useless . I did contact the seller some time back but I never got a response . Very , very disappointing .
 the overall quality of this item fell short by a long shot when compared to the price paid for it .
 Being a big Sudoku fan , I could n't wait to receive this as a gift , so I bought it for myself . There is not much difference between the conrast of the grid and numbers to that of the screen . The inability to read the handheld version makes it a waste of money . I promptly repacked mine and returned it to the store.Sudoku puzzles are very Fun so I reccomened you skip the handheld version and buy yourself a book !
 I addict to Sudoku . So when I saw this game , I could not resist . I was very disapppointed with the display . Difficult to see the numbers . You could see yourself in the display better than you could see the numbers . It could hurt your eyes if playing for a long time . It is not worth the money . I am going to return the game .
 Great idea but more tech development is needed for this version . Screen reflects too much outside light obfuscating the LED numbers . The numbers have low contrast and their improvement is not achieved by the technique suggested to where they can be easily seen . The lines between the groups of 9 square blocks are not prominent enough making block determination difficult . The unit is actually hard to see clearly to be enjoyable to use . I would skip this model and investigate other manufacturers editions .
 Yeah , the screen contrast is n't great . Yeah , there 's no backlight . Yeah , there 's no way to save instead of just pausing , or fill in mini numbers as guesses , or clear a puzzle and start over easily . But all of that I could get around , especially for something that looks this cool , with such a simple interface , that lets you carry around thousands of sudoku puzzles for fifteen bucks.The major , huge problem with this game
 I originally bought this because it was the only one I could find . Amazon does not carry the newer , larger model . Amazon should.This model is VERY difficult to play in daylight or in dim light because the numbers are so hard to read . With the larger model , there is a nice orange backlight that provides excellent contrast . This is essential . Also , the larger model allows you to save your incomplete puzzles while this one does not.Both models are built fairly rugged and an extra stylus is provided in the blister package . Another feature that I think both have -LRB- the large one definitely has this -RRB- is the ` solve ' mode . You can enter numbers from a puzzle in the newspaper and it will show you the solution . Both models feature sound effects and will play a chime when you 've used up all of a given number.I have n't tested any of the other touch-screen Sudoku games , but I would urge any potential buyer to stick with a touch-screen model like this over any of the button-navigation models . The interface is SO quick and elegant with the techno source -- you point to the number at the bottom of the screen , then you point at the box it should go in . You can also point to the letter ` c ' in the corner and then point at any number you 've entered to ` clear ' it . All games are timed , so you can use this as a good gauge of your improving skills.The ONLY thing I can think of that would be an improvement on the larger model is if it had a 2-player mode where you could solve a puzzle , then hand it to your friend and let her try to beat your time solving the SAME puzzle . At present , that is unavailable in either the small or large model.Ever since I bought the large model , I quit playing the newspaper sudoku or printing them from the internet . This is my only sudoku sanctuary .
 I purchased this item for a Christmas stocking stuffer and after reading the reviews which were all negitave I will be returning it to the store .
 Sodoku itself is a great , educational game that anyone who enjoys puzzles will love . Unfortunately , this game is very poorly designed and manages to ruin the fun of Sodoku . The game has several problems :1 . The screen is the worst ever ! You ca n't see the numbers except at a certain angle , and the back lighting does n't really work . This game will strain your eyes and give you a massive head ache .2 . The stylus that comes with the game does n't seem to work that well . I used a pen and that worked better .3 . The game offers no way to check a certain square . The only error check offered is for the entire board , meaning if you make a mistake but do n't want to reveal all the squares , you are out of luck .4 . No way to notate squares . You can not put a note for possible remaining numbers for any square . This makes solving tougher puzzles really frustrating.Don ' t buy this game . It is worthless . Save your money and get a book of puzzles . Your eyes will thank you !
 I just picked this item up today and wished I had read the review on it first . To be honest , I really like the everything about it except the fact that it can be very difficult to see.A backlight would make this a perfect unfortunately , the eye strain is n't worth it and you spend more time trying to see than solving the su doku.Wish that someone from the company that makes this read this and take the hint .
 The LCD screen on this device is much too difficult to view . I would not recommend a purchase .
 well , i got this game for xmas , and it simply didnt work.it looked nice , but once in my hands , the screen looked a little cheap and not very touchable . i dont know what was wrong with it , but it simply didnt work.my gf did how ever get me another one , made by nikoli and franklin and its much better !!
 The screen is very small.You can not play with it without enough light.You have to move it around to see it clear enough without the glare . Overall I wasted my money on this game .
 Your recorded possible numbers for square -LRB- s -RRB- , using the Notes feature , flash sequentially in each square rather than all being visible simultaneously . Multiple squares flashing possible numbers makes for a literal visual Headache City . This means of visual presentation also significantly , and inappropiately , increases the difficulty in solving the Sudoku.Keep it simple . Buy a Sudoku puzzle book instead . Sudoku should remain a paper-and-pencil puzzle.P.S . I do n't understand why such a glaring fault is not mentioned in other reviews .
 Seller provided a prompt refund . Puzzle was different than described . puzzle was sent with dead battery and was not capable of illumination . It was a childs version of the real thing not even worth having .
 Screen is too small , Light is great , but the screen needs to be at least 5 '' square . Ad does n't give dimensions of screen .
 Unlike other reviewers , I did not have trouble reading the screen and I thought the touch screen technology was great . I believe the fault with the product was that most of the games could not be completed using logic alone . Guessing was a must to solve the games . If you do n't mind guessing this is a good game because the beginner level will blink the number if it is not correct allowing you to guess and then use logic again . Additionally , the timer is a nice feature , especially in that it will let you pause the game and then resume .
 I bought two of these - one for me and one for my father-in-law as a gift . I am glad I got one for me so that I can return both before unleashing this on him . I did n't have problems seeing the screen , per se , but the grid is very poorly done . Specifically , it is impossible to distinguish between the 3x3 grids because all the lines on the grid are the same weight . It makes playing very difficult and I do n't recommend it for that reason .
 I am completely unimpressed with this item ! First , it is SO hard to see the numbers . Despite the fact that the screen and squares are impossibly small , if you look at the screen in any way but directly on , all you see is 8 's in every spot ! Often I had to tip it one or another just to see what the numbers were . It is hard on the eyes and I often had to squint . Second , if there is a way to put potential numbers into empty squares , I have n't found it ! I use this feature often when trying to solve harder puzzles and was extremely disappointed to find I could n't with this item . Third , even the hardest setting puzzle was ridiculously easy . A real disappointment . Fourth , if you put in the wrong number it blinks . What is to stop someone -LRB- a kid in my family -RRB- from just putting in random numbers until they stop blinking and they know they guessed the right number ? It encourages cheating and means that you CA N'T make mistakes which takes all the fun out of it . Basically it 's a worthless product for someone who enjoys the game and the challenge of Sudoku .
 It 's very difficult to see the screen on this device unless you 're in almost total darkness with the light on the device turned on .
 There seems to be a malfunction . When a number in the lst column or the number 9 id clicked the scren goes blank for about 1 second.This does n't affect the performance but it is irritating !!
 The so called `` Illumninated '' product does NOT light up.There are also some boxes which will NOT accept a number.Very , very disappointed with this product .
 As nearly every other review points out , the screen contrast is awful . I spend a fair amount of time getting the angle of light right , before I ever use the thing.Having said that , the primary way I use it is on a train during commute . For which , other than the light issue , it works great . The UI is incredibly simple - you touch the number you want from the bottom of the screen , and then touch where you want it to go . It times you , you can pause it , and you can choose from 4 levels -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- and beginner or advanced , with the only difference being that , in beginner , if you put the wrong number in , it starts flashing at you ... and in advanced mode , it does n't . Oh , one other annoying thing
 The Amazon reviews suggested that this product would be good for persons with vision problems , so we ordered it for my mother-in-law . Phooey . The numbers are small , gray-on-gray , the backlight does very little , and both of us -LRB- with good vision -RRB- find it hard to read . I am giving it to goodwill immediately . -LRB- Too lazy to return it -RRB- .
 I ordered this for my daughter for her birthday , but we ended up opening it as soon as it got here . I also purchased the newer Little Mommy potty doll and I have to say I am sad I wasted my time & money on this doll . The newer one , while it does n't actually go , is MUCH better . My daughter has trouble getting the bottle into this ones mouth , and then she has trouble bedning the legs to actually get her on the potty . She hasnt touched this one since we first opened it and I doubt she would ever give a rats rearend if this doll somehow got misplaced into the donate or yardsale pile!I 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 This doll is great for playing with , but not for potty training purposes because she will only pee on her special toilet , which is very small and does n't really look like a training toilet . Also it is almost impossible for my 16 month old to get the bottle all the way in the doll 's mouth because it is really hard to press it in far enough . And if the bottle is not all the way in water gets everywhere . My daughter likes to play with this doll , but I will have to buy another doll to teach her how to potty .
 I purchased this for my 3 y/o . She 's not hard on her toys at all ... and this broke the first day . The pieces falling off made it a danger to her and it had to be tossed .
 This train set is much , much smaller than it 's photo . I would not have bought it if I had known it 's actual size . Today is my grandson 's birthday and we are hurrying out to buy him another present . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 if you 're small or a child you 'd like the size of these ... BUT no one would like how easily we used them one time and the body of one leaked and the pillow part of the other leaked ... both at the seams ! Third time we could n't even use them ... we had to keep getting off and blowing them back up ! Save your money and go to the Dollar Store and get one for a few bucks ! Wo n't be disappointed when they pop after three uses !
 Doesnt hold the small trains well . My kid never wears this belt . No attraction , too bulky , and the train seems unsafe -LRB- fall-of when running -RRB- . Dont buy this belt . Buy additional trains instead . Those are durable .
 Bought this because it was described as not being messy and , actually , that true . Problem is it does n't really stick together and it 's nearly impossible to make most any of the animals shown . Even the adults could n't make it work . The kids were frustrated and I was embarassed to have brought this gift to the party . I do not recommend .
 Purchased this for my granddaughter 's birthday and she wanted to try it out right away . 3 children and 2 adults tried to make these animals . Problem is it simply does n't stay stuck together unless you make something simply like a round ball . The little plastic pieces would not stay for 2 seconds . It seems that in creating something that does n't make a mess , which was a successful feature , they somehow made it so that it wo n't stay molded . All of us grew frustrated . I would not recommend this because while being no mess , it does not work well , and was no fun for the kids . Stick with PlayDoh , at least it sticks .
 First picture doesnt show it is a stand alone . I thought it was for the fridge . Not too user friendly for little hands . I bought three , also should have been marked 3-6 , more clearly
 Do n't buy this product . It is supposed to work for 3 minutes on each charge , but it runs for only about 15 seconds and does not `` submerge '' . Do n't waste your money on this item !
 I bought this product for my kids as a bath toy . It does work , and work fairly well . I have two problems with this item :1 -RRB- The write for this item is misleading . Although I guess I should have read the ENTIRE amazon page of information regarding this item . The title says `` Wet-Ski and Submarine '' but you get only one OR the other , NOT both . Secondly , lower in the page it says `` Assorted wet-ski or submarine mini R/C . '' which implies that there is no customer choice as to which item you receive .2 -RRB- The item itself is pretty cool , but the rubber plug that is removable to protect the charging plug in hole on the water toy is difficult to put back on after charging it .
 Yes , this toy is difficult to assemble . The lower and upper rings are made of three bent pieces , but they are not bent nearly far enough from the factory . I had to use a hair drier and persuation to assemble this , took 30 minutes on something that should have taken 3 minutes . On the plus side it has held up well to daily abuse by a teenager this summer .
 This is the worse thing to put together not worth the money or the never ending time to put together . Bad bad bad !!!!!
 I had ordered this for our pool . The package was so pretty ! I tried with everything I had to put it together and it would n't go together . Plus it was missing a part . After a long time of trying I LITTERLY Trashed it in the TRASH . At that time I kept the box it was pretty . I do n't know why I did but I did . I made a bad judgment call and wrote a horrible review about this company.Then after I wrote it and posted it I contacted the company ! We are all human being and I made a horrible mistake miss judging this company . They took care of the problem and I am very relieved . I feel bad I did n't go to them 1 st. YES I do believe I would buy from this company again . Our country is so easy to judge . All I can say is im sorry I miss judged this company and I hope the public will give this company a chance . We are not all perfect only one person is and that is our lord .
 I do n't really write reviews on here , but I did want to add my .02 cents for this piece of crap floating hoop . The box it comes in looks great and dandy , and may be just what you need for the pool area . However , although it states on the box that it is `` easy to assemble , '' do n't be fooled , because it simply does not assemble ! The instructions are crap , a one-sheet that has about 4 steps on it that are completely useless to you , and says things like `` one tee coupling is left unglued to fit the net around , '' when none of the tee couplings are glued in the first place ! I was left wondering if I had the right product for these instructions , as they make no sense . Also , place the tubes on the floor before you attempt assembly and you will notice that the rim does n't even make a circle , it 's a damn triangle ! To make matters worse they wo n't connect that way because of the T-couplings , you 'll just end up with a large half-circle and no more pieces to finish the connection.The box looks groovy , but do n't expect to use this product because you wo n't end up with what 's on the box . Either take this back or have the store managers assemble it for you . Waste of time and very mind-boggling .
 My wife went to the pool store and came home with this simple pool hoop , and asked me to put it together . As I was doing so , it seemed like there were pieces missing to connect the rings . Looking at the directions and at the box , it clearly shows two 3 piece rings . But the angles certainly do not line up . So as I forced the pieces to bend to the angles I needed , they continuously popped out of the T-connectors . So I screwed the pieces in to the T-connectors and tried to bend them again and blam they creased right in the middle . So I went to another pool store looking for an alternative , and when asked if I needed help , I explained what happened . The girl said , `` Oh we sell a ton of those and we never heard of any complaints , so you probably got a defective one . '' So I came here onl-line and saw 6 reviews , 3 with the same stressful problem and 3 with people who were over-joyed with their purchase and calling the other 3 incapable of putting together a simple pool toy . So I rolled the dice and took it back for a replacement . And Guess what , same issue !!! I even tried the hair dryer trick from another reviewer , to bend the pvc a little more and granted , it did soften the pipes , but also caused it to begin to crease easier . After an hour of working on it and a bunch of text messages full of expletives sent to my wife , I finally got the twisted wreck together . No exaggeration - TWISTED !! I would call it trash , but that would be insulting trash ! You would think that a floating basketball hoop would be something common in this world , but unless you want a giant 48 '' inflatable ball / 56 '' inflatable hoop or this piece of crap , you are out of luck !! PLEASE HEED MY WARNING AND RUN FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS NIGHTMARE.Sincerely , Mr. A Little Bit Crazier
 I read all the reviews before buying this hoop . I appreciated McElligot 's review . Thanx for taking the time to write that , it helped a little . First of all I NEVER write reviews , but I thought I would take the time today . STAY AWAY from this product ! It is poorly , cheaply , and horribly built and designed . I have put together swingsets before and they were n't this bad . It does n't help when you get someone else 's return either , that they managed to mangle ! How could I tell you that ? Well , maybe because of the hair on the pipes , or maybe it was the bent -LRB- hoop pipe -RRB- that was sent with the product . Maybe I just watch too much NCIS ! I decided to go with it and assemble it anyway , just because I do n't want to bother with a return . Overall review
 Received shipped in timely nammer , but my husband had to heat every single piece of pvc to get it to bend ; there 's no way out of box it would make two circles top and bottom . It finally went together , but was not worth the money and manual adjusting . I 'd have returned it if I didnt have a 10 , 7 and 5 year old standing by me waiting for assembly . Dont waste your money , buy a different hoop set .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this . It simply CAN NOT be put together . I had a similar one before that went together in 5 minutes but that was obviously a different brand . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This came with missing parts so we could n't even put itTogether . Big rip off . Do not buy !!
 I wish I 'd taken time to read the other reviews before ordering this item . It is not possible to assemble as stated by the previous reviewer . I have worked on it for over an hour and the top part of the hoop can not be put together . I have assembled tons of toys , furniture , etc , and this is a horrible disappointment . I purposely ordered this item b/c it said it was such high quality , but it is a nightmare . Directions were totally useless , and there is not an address or phone number to contact with questions . Now I have to box it all up and send it back . Save yourself A LOT of time anb stress and order a different pool basketball hoop !
 I just wrote to the company to let them know how incredibly old this product is . The copyright is from 1998 , the example browser is Netscape , and it defines terms like `` Floppy Disk '' and `` Modem . '' I am really amused that the company 's website has built-in sharing for every social network from Reddit to Pinterest , and yet this poster makes no mention of social networks . It does , however , admonish children not to share personal information in chat rooms . Come on guys , get with the times .
 This is a great toy , however , as another reader states , Melissa & Doug failed terribly in the container , and it IS important !!! There are so many little pieces that , you want to keep them in a container you can close , otherwise it is a real pain , trust me.I found a much better version of this toy , made by Circo -LRB- I believe this is a Target brand -RRB- , the doll is nicer , there are more pieces of clothing AND the box has a sliding lid , BRILLIANT . I actually bought it too and looove it , as for the Melissa & Doug one , I have to find another box to put all the pieces together ... not very smart.With kids , you want to keep things organized and mess-free as much as posible , so GO with the Target brand , it is just as good quality , better design and cheaper !!!
 This item is a piece of junk . Ca n`t believe Amazon has it on its site . The top for the light wo n`t fit into top.Probably once the light get wet its history so its a waste . It floats ok but have to put a hole at top of container so it will completely fill with water.Make me mad but its more a pain in the ass to return it . Do n`t buy it !
 I could n't keep this thing upright whether it had one tablet in it or six . It was lop-sided even when it came out of the box . Do n't waste your money on this thing . There must be better products out there .
 try to think , what would i do with this ? what fun is it ? what could i buy the same price , but better ? roboteck toys make you play what they want to play.On the other hand , stuffed animals , you can play what you want when you want.thats what i would perfer .
 My child did not play with this toy . The buttons broke off posing a choking hazard . Some other detail is stuck inside and is ratteling .
 Was bought for a toddler . She managed to break one of the buttons during the first week of play . Was a little stiff for the first few weeks which made it hard for the toddler to play with . She is probably too young for it - but an older kid with more strength could easily break more buttons !
 The accordion sounds great and is not too difficult to use . Unfortunately , it began to fall apart the first day . Now , after a week , one of the buttons has fallen into the accordion . Not worth the money at all .
 A few years ago we purchased a childs accordian for our oldest grand-daughter . It was a nice size and easy to play . When we saw this one advertised we bought it for our youngest grand-daughter . It is tiny and extremely difficult to play . this toy would discourage a person from going on to play the real instrument . We feel we were ripped-off and would not recommend anyone buying this piece of junkthank you
 this product was too hard to operate even for an adult . A child would loose interest in about 1/2 N.Y. minute .
 This trebuchet was very easy to assemble-an hour and a half max . The clay that it came with fell apart pretty much right after I took it out of the plastic bag . The sling was of very poor quality-it did n't hold the projectile in place , which in turn did n't let me fire it . I even had my physics teacher try and help me , and neither of us could figure it out . Overall , not the best buy I 've made .
 It is not rocket science to figure out how this item is meant to be put together , it is however difficult to get those hard plastic pipes to bend in the way that is needed for it just fit and a whole other matter keeping it together.FOr the short time it was together the kids had some fun with it but it mostly lay around the edge of the pool in pieces and ended up broken after the kids used the tubes as swords and light sabers.I would not recommend it at all .
 the plastic pieces of this hoop straightened out after a short period of time -LRB- in a few short weeks -RRB- , making it impossible to put back together in the circular shape they came it . A COMPLETE waste of money . The plastic was not meant to curve and only stayed curved temporarily .
 THIS TOY IS SO BAD !!!!!! tHE REGULAR PUPPY IS SO MUCH BETTER ! ALL THIS ONE DOES IS SIT AND BLINK ! EVERYONE FUSSES OVER IT ANS THINKS ITS SOOOOOOO CUTE BUT ITS NOT !
 My daughter asked for this for Christmas and she was very excited to use it . I agree with another reviewer that the eyeshadow does nothing in terms of changing color , but the other effects are interesting . Although the head and pup are cute , the hair is so poorly secured to the head that a light brushing -- with the comb included in the toy -- removes the hair . So in my opinion this is the worst possible performance for a `` styling '' head . My daughter was very disappointed . I will be returning it .
 My 4 year old daughter begged for this for Christmas and Santa unfortunately delivered . This toy does not have any educational value , the eye shadow and hair are supposed to change color with warm and cold water but even that does not work that great . My daughter still plays with it a little bit but there is not much to hold her interest for more than a few minutes . It is used more as part of her room decor at this point . Will not recommend this toy , rather buy a regular Barbie doll .
 MY 3YR OLD SON IS NOT COMFORTABLE WITIH THE SIZE AND THE FACTTHAT EVERYTIME YOU TOUCH THE DOLL OR TRY TO SET THEM DOWN , THEY START SINGING . AS FOR MY SELF THERE IS NO WAY TO TURN THEMOFF . BECAUSE THERE IS NO OFF SWITCH . I WOULD THINK ABOUT IT NEXT TIME BEFORE I BUY A DOLL THAT TALKS WITH NO OFF SWITCH . TOO BAD I HAVE ALL FOUR . . SORRY NOT FOR EVERYONE - MARION NJ
 I bought this doll four months before Christmas and stocked it back for my 2 year old for Christmas . When I tried it out on Christmas at 2 in the morning I discovered that my Jeff doll had a split personality and thought he was Anthony . I am still trying to get the toy company to replace this doll . This doll says all the things Anthony is suppose to say . My daughter thinks Jeff is crazy .
 According to the OFFICIAL Ty site , it is SHERBET the Bear . Not SherbeRT.Sherbet was manufactured in 6 colors , NOT 3 . Sherbet -LRB- blue -RRB- the Bear -LSB- blueberry ? -RSB- Sherbet -LRB- green -RRB- the Bear -LSB- lime -RSB- Sherbet -LRB- lilac -RRB- the Bear -LSB- ? -RSB- Sherbet -LRB- pink -RRB- the Bear -LSB- cherry ? -RSB- Sherbet -LRB- red -RRB- the Bear -LSB- raspberry ? -RSB- Sherbet -LRB- yellow -RRB- the Bear -LSB- lemon -RSB- The comments in brackets are mine .
 I bought this wagon today for my two daughters ages 2.5 and 4.5 . They carry their dolls and stuffed animals around by the armful so I thought they would have fun pulling them around in a wagon instead . This toy is a piece of junk . It is advertised as `` 3 in 1 '' with the added ability to act as a teeter-totter and spinning ride in addition to a wagon . To use it in this way , you have to fold up the handle which requires turning a knob with one hand and folding the wagon 's handle down with the other hand . It requires a fair amount of coordination to do this assuming the kids even know they need to do it . My kid tried to push the handle down without turning the lever and pretty much broke the thing on the first try . The mechanism that folds up the wheels stopped working . Also assuming you do fold up the handle , I think it is a stretch to call the thing a teeter-totter . It barely moves up and down at all , maybe an inch or two . And calling it a `` spinning ride '' is outright false advertising as far as I am concerned . The thing spins to the extent that you can pretty much put any object on the floor and spin it . There is no rotating platter or any other mechanism to actually help it spin.Mom 's opinion aside , my kids were not happy when I told them I was taking this back to the store . They definitely liked pulling their dolls around in the wagon before the wheels broke -LRB- a total of five minutes -RRB- . For that reason , I gave it a 2 in the fun category . If your kids like pushing their dolls and toys around , I recommend a portable doll stroller like the Graco Out Ridder instead .
 I bought this toy less than a year ago . I expected more from Mattel . I knew it was plastic , but believed it would be of a sturdy type of plastic . I was wrong . I know plastic toys can work , we have a plastic doll stroller that 's 3 years old , and it has survived tons of use , with only minor damage and is still being pushed , pulled , and generally dragged all over the house . The `` Wagon '' is meant to hold 2 dolls and even has little straps to keep the dolls in place . The dolls will need to be small if you want to fit 2 in there . You might be able to squeeze an 18 '' doll in there . The straps are so-so , but most of the dolls slide off the `` seats '' even if they are strapped in . The only positive thing I can say about this toy , is the handle is the right height for a toddler/pre-school age child to push . This `` Wagon '' is not 3 in one . You can either push/pull it or collapse it down . As noted by another reviwer , switching to the swing toy , requires using 2 hands , and needs an adult to do it . The wheels are the worst ! Very filmsy , and tended to get stuck the few times we switched from `` wagon '' to `` swing '' mode . Finally one of the rear wheels stopped working correctly , and would collapse if the wagon was pulled instead of pushed . This led to much frustration for all of us and finally in a fit of rage my husband threw `` the cheap piece of crap '' away . I felt bad , because the kids loved pushing dolls and stuffed animals around in it , but it just was n't working anymore . -LRB- Interesting side note about 3 or 4 months ago the local Costco was selling this very same wagon , with 2 dolls in it . I was amazed , since Costco has a reputation for selling durable/quailty items . -RRB- I am in search of another doll buggy , but WILL NOT BUY MATTEL . For a toy marketed for young children , it 's not built to with stand basic play , let alone rougher play . Very disappointing . If I could get a refund for it , I would . Save your money !
 I paid full price for this toy when it first came out , big mistake , one of the wheels flips up all the time , and then it topples over frustrating my youngest all the time , and then I have to go and pull the wheel back out again so they can push it , plus the wheels do n't turn at all left to right , so they are constantly scooting it and dragging it into the walls , it really is n't worth more than $ 10 , do n't waist your money , you are better off buying an actual doll buggy or stroller
 I wholeheartedly agree with the previous review !! I bought two of these for my twin daughters for Christmas yesterday . They were so excited to use them & the first one broke right out of the box !! If left in wagon mode , these might be okay , but the girls think it 's fun to switch back & forth from teeter-totter to wagon . And it should be easy to do !! It was difficult for me & if it 's not done just right , the wheel mechanism breaks & wo n't go down all the way or come back upright . Save your money on this one ~ a stroller is definitely better . Mine will be returned & I 'll have two sad little girls ...
 the 3 in one little mommy I bought it for xmas I hope I am more happy then the other familys we will seee this xmas thats why I only paid 8.00 I dont pay full price for toys becouse I know they are not worth it smile
 If you are planning on getting this toy for your child change you mind!It is the ugliest thing , it just meows when you push on it 's back , and the only noise it makes is meowing and purring.It also goes to sleep every five seconds whether your playing with it or not !
 THis cat is so ugly!It looks like a toy that was made in a day . -LRB- Thats not a good thing -RRB-
 Fantastic detail . . My Grandson is fascinated with all the room pieces.The cord on the lamp actually pulls ! Great fun
 This puppy does make puppy sounds , lifts its head , opens its eyes and will go to `` sleep '' quickly . My daughter loves animals but said `` is that all '' after getting this puppy . She expected the puppy to do more but I guess it really is being a newborn and not doing much .
 This has a cheaply made look to it and the back of the frame keeps slipping out with the picture in it . Though I love most of the Malawi line , this item is an exception .
 I bought 3 vintage Mattel electronic hand held games . Paid about 8 times more for the basketball game but since I got such a great deal on the other two and really needed all three I went ahead and made the purchase . Very disappointed . The sound did not work . I changed the batteries twice hoping that was the problem but it was not . Contacted the seller but never heard back .
 after making all the research for an educational , interactive , relatively bigger size toy , I chose with a lot of expectation . but this toy disappointed me a lot ! we only just spend money , there is no value for that . . this piece of plastic does not look durable , alphabets made for UK English , the stool is smaller than I thought , so your toddler has to be very careful in positioning him/her otherwise , he/she is going to tip-over very often . not at all a good toy , for that money . . very light weight . . I dont know why they are making this sort of toys in china ... and trying to sell in america , for $ 40 ! again , some few pieces of plastic ! thats it ! I wanted a quality , sturdy , durable product ! where is that !!???? I just immediately returned back . these kinds of products are making us fools . we spend lot of time on choosing products , some products seem attractive and say `` available online only '' . so , i would better go see the products in person before I make an other purchase . online purchases challenges your luck ! and this is a best example .
 After looking all over the place for this piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- , I finally found it at -LRB- ... -RRB- . Well , I just opened it , and it 's useless ! I got it to switch the head out with another doll , so much for that ! You only get a plastic or whatever face , and the rest is plush . I guess that 's to makeit `` safe '' . Do n't make me laugh.This thing is stupid and useless !! DO NOT buy this JUNK !!
 I do n't usually review items , but I was so frustrated by this toy . My kids really wanted to play with this toy , but all they kept saying was `` uh-oh '' and `` help . '' The slide and ladder do n't stay on , the people do n't fit well if at all and are hard to place on the pieces , and it 's constantly tipping over . Very disappointing .
 I will never order from Amazon again . This was a Christmas present ordered with plenty of time for delievery . My address was correct but the post office sent it somewhere else a few towns over . Neither the post office nor Amazon could say what happened so we were out running around on the 24th finding the same things locally . That was what I should have done in the first place . Live and learn .
 This toy was the biggest disappointment . I had one as a kid and had a lot of fun with it , so I bought one for my son . You ca n't even wind it up , its too hard to turn the dial . I think someone bought the rights to it and made it out of cheap parts . This crap is not worth one dollar much less anything higher . Seemed like a great idea , but it turned out to be the worse toy that I have ever bought .
 I was SUCH A FAN of the old Evel Knievel Stunt Sets of the 1970 's ! All my friends had one and I loved playing with theirs . I bought this one for my 6 year old son last year for Christmas . I wanted him to see what good old fashioned clean fun used to be like when we were kids . This toy is very difficult for kids to maneuver ! It was not a very sturdy construction as well . It is really hard to get the motorcycle positioned properly into the crank base -- too difficult for a 6 year old especially , and at times difficult for his 35 year old parents as well ! After much disappointment and frustration in my son 's eyes , I packed it away and realized , HEY -- THERE 'S A REASON WHY THEY STOPPED MAKING TOYS LIKE THESE ! I do n't think the construction of this toy has withstood the test of time , especially into this millenium . It is as if it needs to be brought up to 2006 standards , not 1976 toy standards ! The ramps are very fragile plastic , and the pieces are like JUNK from the dollar store . I bought mine from a Playthings Past Catalog , and paid WAY more than Amazon offers it ! I think it was around $ 59.99 plus shipping . What was I thinking ????? It was a great trip down memory lane , but now , Evel Kenievel now lies -LRB- naked , thanks to the 3 year old little brother -RRB- in the bottom of the toy box . Maybe he 'll be a good alternative for Barbies someday !
 My wife bought me this for christmas because i had one as a boy and loved playing with it . I was so excited to relive some of my childhood -LRB- still a kid really ! -RRB- and watch evil fly down my hallway and up the ramp !! What a HUGE DISAPOINTMENT !! It took me a while to even get the bike to stay on the base and when i finally released the bike it just crashed right in front of me every time . I have played around with this thing for a while and realized that it 's just a cheap piece of crap that wo n't do anything . I am amazed that this company produced such a bad replica probably knowing it couldnt hold a candle to the original . DONT BUY THIS JUNK !!!
 This toy is a complete piece of crap . It never went more than 10 feet before falling over -LRB- I could have lived with that -RRB- but the worst part of the toy is the garbage materials they made the inner gears out of , they were worn out in 2 days . I will be going to ebay to find an origonal one . They may have used the same molds as the origonal to make the bike , but the materials they now use are far inferior to the origonal . It was sad that I gave this to my 3 year old -LRB- who was asking santa for it -RRB- for xmass and she never got the enjoyment out of it that I had gotten from the origonal on in the 70 's . I cant stress enough DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP IT WILL ONLY LEAD TO DISSSAPOINTMENT !!! Especially if you owned an origonal !!
 I was disappointed to find out that this product is not an actual dollhouse but just the decorations . Do n't be misguided . Allthough there is a dollhouse in the picture it is n't one .
 when you frist look at this in your mind and thoughtsyou say man this is a cool doll house and you get to decorate it too , , , , , , , , WRONG ITS JUST THE DECORATION THATS ALL , i didnt relize this until i re-check my order two days after.what a mess here it is 2 weeks b-4 x-mas and the sad thing is a bouhght stuff to go with this and its not even a dollhouse ...
 Very misleading to say the least ! My grandaughter and I were very disapointed when we discovered that this is decorations , and not a dollhouse . I bought livingroom and bedroom sets to go with what I thought was a dollhouse .
 Received a Cooking up fun kitchen instead of the master bedroom -LRB- had ordered a fun kitchen , received 2 of them -RRB-
 This is not a true Kotobukiya figure . My evidence to support this is the following :1 -RRB- The paint job is imprecise and has many , many flaws . I will upload pictures showing this .2 -RRB- The skin color is too dark/orange , unlike the product image .3 -RRB- The stand is made out of cheap plastic that does n't fit the holes in the bottom of the feet . It is completely different than the stand that comes with the true version .4 -RRB- The material it 's made out of feels cheap and rubbery . True PVC should feel solid , almost porcelain-like . In conclusion , I 'll keep it for display purposes , but if you 're looking for a TRUE Kotobukiya figure , you 're not going to find it here . It 's not that bad compared to most other bootlegs , but a fake is a fake .
 I agree , this is a bootleg . Currently it has warped so statue is twisted and leaning so bad I have to lean it against the glass to keep it upright . Feet do not match the pegs in stand . Paint and detail is pretty good for a fake but this is still an illegal bootleg and I would stay away from this one .
 I just moved to a house with a pool . After watching my pool man do the maintenance for a month , I decided to try it myself . Since I was n't sure if I would be able to handle it , I ordered the cheapest kit . I figured why pay too much for equipment if I change my mind again and decide to leave it up to the pool man.The skimmer is small , only good for getting things that are FLOATING . You wo n't be able to get anything from the bottom of the pool with this thing . You also have to keep dumping the contents after each catch so it does n't go back into the pool.The brush is OK I guess , I mean , its a brush.The testing kit is very basic - test for only chlorine and PH -LRB- which are the two main things to check for -RRB- - and is good at doing that . But if you are going to kick the pool guy out , you need the test kit they use so you can check for all other things.The vacuum is the worst - you literally have to pick it up and put it down on the spot to be cleaned . Pushing it will just cause the garbage/dirt to get tossed around . I think it has to do with the fact that the suction is centered and the brushes are too tight . Complete waste of plastic.If you 're serious about maintaining your pool , get the pro stuff -LRB- check the reviews on Amazon for each part you need -RRB- . Otherwise , you 're going to get a very bad intro to pool maintenance 101 . Good luck !
 this set is pretty awful for first time pool owners . It does not come with a manual , which is needed for `` newbies '' to the pool thing . Also , the vacuum is incomplete . There is so much more that you have to purchase to even get the thing working . Adapters , hoses , and whatever else is needed to get this thing going . I looked online for some kind of instructions , but to no avail . So , if you are new to pool ownership , find a kit that actually tells you how to use it and provides the necessary parts to make it actually work !
 This item appears to need a pool vacuum to go with it . There were no instructions included with the package , and I was unable to find where to purchase a vacuum that would work with this product .
 The product title , details and description on Amazon.com make this look like you are purchasing one swing hanger for $ 12.99 . In fact this is a pack of two . So I purchased four . I recieved four packs of two - eight total . When I contacted the company to request that they pay for the return since the error was caused by their lack of information/misinformation . They told me they would accept them back without a restocking fee but that I would have to pay for the shipping . They also recommended that I send them back via a ` traceable ' method since they are ` not responsible for items lost in the mail ` which makes me a little concerne about how the return process will go . To send the items back it will cost me at least $ 5.00 probably more if I use a ` traceable method ' .
 Okay , I do not like Power Rangers . I never have and probably never will . My 6 year old son loves Power Rangers , so I deal . I got him this toy and am nothing but disgusted with it . My son opened it and was kind of excited at first , but once we got it out of the packaging he played with it for about 3 minutes and never touched it again . It is very hard to change and pieces kept coming off . Even in a room full of adults , most people had a hard time getting the pieces to reattach and changing the ranger into it 's 2 shapes.Now it is sitting in the toy box collecting dust - woohoo go go power rangers .
 The remote worked only for 2 days . My daughter loves the look of it so I am not able to dispose it off . Its a total waste of money . I wish I had read the reviews before buying it since lot of people seem to have the same problem with the remote .
 This was the hit of Xmas for our 23-month old . The remote worked very well and was more advanced than some of the other `` beginner '' RC cars . He could n't care less about the animals -- dumped them out and never touched them again -- but was entranced by his ability to control the car.However . He was carrying it about a 6 inches above a tile floor and dropped the car . That was that . It stopped responding to the remote and he was very unhappy.Note Discovery will not help w / the warranty ; they direct you to contact the manufacturer . We have not gotten a response yet .
 My son got this for Chritmas , by Dec. 27 the toy did not work . My son was very upset and so are his parents . The car powers on but the remote seems to have some type of short . It is sold as a remote control car for younger children , so it was very upsetting when a two year old could only play with his car for 2 days .
 I would agree that any play set should include people , especially community helpers , however , when I ordered this set for the full price , 39.99 , I felt extremely ripped off , as I then found out that there are only 18 -LRB- ! -RRB- people . For 40 bucks , this absurd ! Instead , I went to ebay , and found much cooler lego people , for just a fraction of the price !
 I recieved a product that was advertised for 5 + years , for lego , with 30 people , 178 pieces . I got a product with 18 pieces for ages 2 + for the duplo system -LRB- legos for younger age -RRB- . Based on the other review , it appears I 'm not the first person to experience this issue . These people are NOT the same as the ones that come with normal lego playsets .
 Do n't buy these . They do n't work at all . Even just a few feet away , all you 'll hear is static and not even a hint of the other person 's voice . I purchased a pair at a brick-and-mortar store , and returned them .
 I wish I 'd read the reviews before buying this product ! I would have saved us money and aggravation . I bought these for my son 's Christmas present this year . He was really excited about playing with them with his sister . The problem is , we have n't been able to find one single spot -- inside or out -- where we can get reception on both units ! Even when you can pick up one person on the handset , the sound is so staticky and crackly , that you can barely make out what the person is saying . What 's the point ? My kids got so frustrated in the first couple of days , that they dumped them in the toybox and have n't played with them since . What an incredible waste of money and such a let down for the kids on Christmas . It 's pretty rotten that National Geographic can conscience putting this piece of junk on the market . Do n't make my mistake . Heed these reviews ! This is a must-avoid product .
 I am so glad we tested this product ahead of time . As a rule we test all battery opperated gifts before we wrap them , these walkie-talkies worked for ab out 10 ` feet ' ... yes I said feet . We gave them to my 2 year old grandson to play with instead of his big brother who got a set of Midlands . Do n't waste your money on these ...
 We bought these for my son , who was very eager to have a pair of working walkie-talkies . They work well , at a substantial distance , HOWEVER , when you are not actually speaking into them -LRB- i.e. , pressing the ` talk ' button -RRB- they emit a continuous , loud , unbearable static noise . With all of today 's technology , it 's hard to believe they could n't manufacture something better .
 My wife bought these for our two sons -LRB- 4 and 3 years old -RRB- also a set for my nephews -LRB- 8 and 5 years old -RRB- . We thought we better test them before we gave them as gifts . They are worthless . At 15 feet I could barely hear my wife . The static is so loud when you are not pushing the talk button that you ca n't even stand to have them on for more than a minute or two . Do n't waste you time with these . We are taking back both pairs in the next day of two .
 I was also very disappointed with these Walkie-talkies . I bought one pair and only the ` call ' button would work . Exchanged them and even the second pair would n't work - you could only barely hear each others voices only feet away from each other and certainly not recognize the words spoken , the static was the only thing that was loud . Even for the low price , they are a waste of money . I can not understand either why National Geographic would put their name behind these .
 I wish I could give these walkie talkies 0 stars . The feedback is obnoxious . You can not hear the person on the other end anyway . Just buy something else - anything else!I had to take them away only minutes after putting the batteries in -LRB- tears & screaming followed -RRB- . Not a good way to start Christmas !
 I bought these today , tried them out , and they 're going back tomorrow.Couldn ' t get rid of the loud hum when pressing the talk button . Could n't use them even close up . Tried all the areas of the house . Glad I tried them out before giving them to my grandson .
 As the title says , unfortunately I now have problems 3 weeks after receiving it . I went to set the clock for daylight savings and it would not let me . Then I tried using the stopwatch timer function , and that is not working either.I thought maybe it 's the battery , since the one they give you with it is a generic-looking one , but even putting in a brand-new known brand C cell does n't help . One thing I noticed when I replaced the battery is that I get a high pitched static sound for about 5 seconds , then it goes away . I do n't recall that happening the first time I put the battery in.Anyway , I stupidly threw away the box it came in so I now have to send it back to Accusplit instead of returning to Amazon . I called the support number to see if there was any thing else I could try , and although the gentleman I spoke to was nice he did n't even try to help . He just immediately gave me the address to send it back to.I will update this review once I get my clock back from Accusplit.As of now I 'm very disappointed that it did n't even last a month .
 The cell phone charm is very cute and I received it in a timely manner . However , it was shipped in a padded envelope and the box that the charm came in was crushed when I got it . It also looks really cheap . The design or paint is chipping at the sharp corners , it was like that when it came out of the box . It does n't look like it will hold up very well if you were to use it on your cell phone .
 I thought this would be super fun for my toddler and preschooler , but they never play with it at all . Also , it 's really difficult to see anything happening inside -LRB- watch the beads fall , or see the plastic layers they fall through ... -RRB- because the outer plastic is faceted and ghosted and hard to see through . So you ca n't even watch what 's making the noise . Not really a good toy .
 The balls do n't even move down with enough force to spin the fan or the other objects . It 's not like a kladioscope at all . Not worth it .
 Item was clearly purchased elsewhere and resold to me as new . I have never had this experience with amazon before and am disappointed . Packaging was dirty and previous price sticker still attached .
 I was so disappointed with this toy , in fact , I was extremely disappointed because I bought three . These are just big rattles . There are no interesting sounds except cheap plastic beads rattling around . This did not interest my one year old granddaughter at all . Maybe a younger baby would like it if it was held for him , because it 's too big for a baby to hold . A waste of money
 I found a much better deal on ebay . It is a new Natural Cactus Rainstick Shaker
 My 9 year old son started to put this together and while placing the steering wheel into the column the lower part broke and now does not have a steering wheel . Seems a little too fragile to me for a child to be snapping together .
 My 5 year old granddaughter played with this for a while then lost interest in it . The `` waterfalls '' is not what you would think it is and has to be pumped . It is hard to pump and play at the same time.Just buy the doll and let them play in the tub or sink . Not worth the extra cash .
 I bought this more than a year ago and still dont have any use for it . There are too many cards and the board is set up weird . Read the instructions and its hard to make any sense out of what you 're supposed to do.So far we have just used the cards to count and play matching . In which case , it was not total waste of money .
 If you buy this boomerang , I hope you like to walk . Because you will be getting an arm and a leg workout throwing it , then walking for it . I ca n't even get it close to the location were I through it from .
 So , I ordered the `` Spirit of Earth '' boomerang for my son for Christmas . I just received it a few minutes ago , but the shipped product is a `` Chinese Jump Rope . '' There is an inventory sticker on the jumprope saying that it 's a boomerang , but it obviously is not.Now , the thumbnail preview of the boomerang shows the jumprope , but when you click on the product , it still shows the boomerang . Not sure what the mix up is .
 After reading the reviews and comments about these products I ordered two to give as gifts.But once I finally received them - instead of receiving two `` Spirit of the Earth '' boomerangs -LRB- which are what I ordered -RRB- I received 2 Chinese jump ropes.And apparently I 'm not the only one -LRB- see the picture someone added above -RRB- . So now I have two kids who are missing their promised gifts ... If anyone knows of some good boomerangs to get for kids -LRB- ages 8-13 -RRB- I would be most grateful to learn about them !
 I purchased this boomerang for my son , however after receiving it I noticed it was for people who throw right-handed . I will have to save this for someone else , or return it .
 I bought this for my son . The first time he threw it , it hit the ground and broke in half . We sent it back for a refund .
 The Channel Craft Spirit of Wind boomerang does n't return without significant tuning -LRB- bending -RRB- because of how they 're manufactured . Tuning instructions are not included with this boomerang . This is not a good boomerang for beginners . Even though the package says that each one is flight tested , this is probably not true , because the ones I 've thrown are incapable of returning and I 've been throwing boomerangs for 16 years and own around a hundred . Save your money and buy a real returner .
 The tentacles do not work properly and were broken moments after the package was open .
 I got this for my four year old grandson . The log does n't stay on neither does anything else . I was amazed at how tiny it is . I think he 's just going to pay with the log by itself . So I thought it was a waste of money .
 Cute but misleading !!!! The animals are very small and not appropriate for young children !!!! The other pieces do not stay in their slots ... had to glue them in and use larger animals from another set for it to be safe !!!!
 Not all parts are metal . The blade is plastic . Too pricey . Found exact same thing at Kohls for about $ 30.00 cheaper .
 The Tonka Tough Graders really is n't so tough , found an original at flea market all metal and is still around in good shape.The vendor was prompt with shipment and the toy is okay but wo n't last like the original one .
 For those unfamiliar with the Mystery Rummy games , the game is played using a special set of cards . The idea is to build melds -LRB- as in regular rummy -RRB- , but game play is affected by a special set of cards that allow you to draw extra cards from the deck , score extra points , or allow you to retrieve cards from the discard pile . Each of the Mystery Rummy games uses slightly different mechanics and is based on a different mystery.In terms of game play , Rue Morgue is the weakest of the 4 games . There are few chances for strategic interaction , as the players can do little to affect their own melds or their opponents.Rue Morgue is also the simplest of the mystery rummy games -LRB- not that any of them are hard to grasp after a few games -RRB- . Even so , Mystery Rummy 4 - Al Capone offers a similar complexity , but much better game play . Mystery Rummy 3 - Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde is slightly more complicated , but considerably more fun either than Rue Morgue or Al Capone , and is almost as good as the original Mystery Rummy 1 - Jack the Rippper . The original Mystery Rummy 1 - Jack the Ripper is the most complicated of the games , but is also the best .
 Being a grandmother , I was sucker enough to purchase this for my grandson . Therefore , I swallowed hard and coughed up the bucks to purchase this puppet . Wow , what a let down . It is very plain and does n't appear to be made all that well . I have a hard time understanding why the puppet costs so much , and this was the LEAST expensive one I could find .
 ... we ordered this product on 8/14 and every week we get a revised ship status of one week . When will Amazon ever ship Willy ?
 This pool does not stay inflated . Could n't use it , because within hours of filling it with water , the air would be gone from it . There was no obvious holes upon inspection . Ca n't figure it out .
 I did n't believe the other reviews which said it deflates but it is true . I could n't even try it out because it started deflating instantly .
 This pool had good -LRB- but few -RRB- reviews so I went ahead and took a chance on this . The pool has 2 outer layers to inflate . After inflating the first evening -LRB- I laid it on a tarp just to make sure we did n't get any punctures -RRB- and adding water , by the next morning the bottom layer was almost completely deflated . The top layer was also losing air . I drained the water and tried airing it up again - same results . Next I sprayed soapy water in attempt to find a hole . No success . Then took it over to my in-laws large pool and dunked it to see if we could find air bubbles . No.So `` Why not just return this defective product to Amazon ? '' you might wonder . Well , this pool was $ 40 . To ship it back , I 'd have to pay $ 19 in shipping -LRB- which is not reimbursed b/c it 's Amazon 's fault - the package was not damaged during shipping -RRB- . Then - even if I returned it - Amazon wo n't exchange it and will only refund me UP TO 50 % . You can do the the math from there.IF - and that 's a big IF - this pool was n't a defective item , it would be a great pool . The inflated seats and back rests -LRB- which stayed very inflated of course -RRB- on each corner are pretty comfortable and it would work out great for my wife or I to sit out with the kids . But it IS a defective item and all I can say is that I wo n't be buying an inflatable pool on Amazon again . I 'll pay a bit extra at my local store so I have the option of returning it if it 's defective.Update
 This is a nice pool - my wife and I have used it with our daughter and we did n't feel cramped . The seats are n't as comfortable as the picture suggests.The reason I can only give this one star is that I took it out of the box and noticed that one of the seats had already been patched with an ugly brown puncture patch . Sure enough , when I inflated the pool , that seat quickly deflated . I suppose I am lucky that the puncture was in one of the seats , so it did n't affect the rest of the pool . But who finds a puncture and patches it before passing a pool off as new ? Very disappointing .
 I bought this little pool a couple of years ago . I thought it looked ideal in the picture with the seats and cupholders . The first year I filled it and waited for the water to warm up before I used it and by that time it felt slimy . It would be much better if it there was a way to attach a pump and filter . I tried it again the next year during a heat wave and it would n't hold air and I could n't find any holes so I put it in the garbage . I ended up buying thisIntex Easy Set 12-Foot by 30-Inch Round Pool Setand I like it much better because it 's easy to keep the water clean .
 Item is bigger than it seems in the picture . Upon filling with air for the first time , one of the `` seat cushions '' has a small leak that takes about 8 hours to deflate . In addition , the main pool container also has a small leak somewhere , so it needs additional air every day . I will be returning the item as it should not have 2 + leaks right out of the box . Poor quality control , apparently .
 I bought this at Big Lots for about the same price and the first time I used it , the thing kept losing air . Filling it with a hand pump is a total pain . Somehow one of the cushions got water in it because I did n't inflate them the first time I filled it . The cushions are pretty pointless because you ca n't even relax on them . I sat on it and leaned back and felt like i was going to fall out ... and when the edge is losing air , it does n't hold the water . So I have not had luck with this pool . Waste of time and money . Might have been nice if it were n't leaking so much air . I even tried to patch a spot and it still lost air .
 Received the product in April in preporation for summer with grandson . Went to inflate in late May and main chamber leaked . Return period expired so we 're stuck with it . Looks nice though !
 I read the reviews but did not listen . The reviews were right and the pool does NOT stay inflated . I only used it twice . Definitely not worth it . Look for something else .
 I purchased this pool at a really great price ! Just what I was looking for ! After about 4 days however , the entire bottom of the pool turned pink !! Maybe it was a reaction of somesort , however it looks gross and makes me wonder , what chemicals etc are doing this ... The pool looks horrible now , its functional , but I dont want to even use it ...
 This pool could be fun if it was more durable . Mine developed a hole in less than a week of use . Holes in the seam dont seem to be able to be fixed with a patch . Also the seatbacks deflate with any pressure on them causing them to be uncomfortable , it would be nice if the seatbacks had their own seperate chambers like the seat bases do .
 Lasted one season opened it up today , and there is a hole , and the screw set would not seal and leaked ... Overal fun for one season only ...
 Finally get a day to inflate and use this very nice looking pool -- Memorial Day weekend -- and it wo n't hold air ! At first , I thought the cold water was just causing it to lose pressure . Nope . Wo n't hold air and deflates quickly . Tried to find the leak , but there are too many seams and it 's large ; ca n't just put it in the tub and turn it around until you find the problem . Very unhappy .
 I have bought two pools from Intex.As products go , they are ok . merely OK.But what you should be aware of is if you need replacements parts , you are on your own.The filter pump went out after 4 months use.So I thought it would be easy to get a replacement part . Easy . Right?No . Most retailers will not carry these parts.You are at the mercy of Atex 's very high prices if you order from them . Amazon lists them , if at all , at very high prices.Please BEWARE OF THE SHORTAGE of replacement parts , because like I said , you will be on your own.CRYING KIDS BECAUSE OF PRODUCT FAILURE IS NOT A PRETTY THING
 OHHHHH I loved this pool the first day I had it , I purchased this in the winter , opened it on memorial day and we used it that day . There were about 5 kids playing in it , there is more than enough room for them and a adult . Ok so we used this theat one day and by the next morning there is a slow leak in the top portion of the pool . The area was CLEANED around the pool area so no sticks or anything could have done it . So I use soap and the air pump to blow it up as I am squirting it , come to find out the slow leak is near one of the CUP HOLDERS ... . so I now have to pump up the top portion of the pool everyday before we get in it !
 This pool leaked air from both chambers on first use . Within 1/2 hour of filling pool , air in top chamber had leaked to point it did not retain the water . Pool was not usable thereafter . The bottom chamber also leaked air to extent I did not have to be open valve when deflating . Now I have to fold up & return it . Would not purchase this brand again .
 We had high hopes for this product , and it is a great idea in theory , but it will take you hours to set it up , and it is very difficult to drain the water -LRB- which must be done every day in order to keep from becoming fully contaminated -RRB- . The first time using the pool , we spent about two hours total , sweating in hot weather just filling with air , then filling with water , then later draining the water as directed -LRB- had to use a bucket as the drain hole is all but useless , unless situated directly over a drain way -- all for an hour or so of use ... The manufacturer suggests using a tarp beneath the product in order to keep it from getting punctured ; however the tarp will naturally create areas for water to settle -- and algae will grow on the tarp ! The second time using the pool , a few weeks later , was even more disappointing . There were many spots of pink slime growing on the inside and outside of the pool , which needed to be scrubbed and sanitized before use . Even after cleaning there remained pink stains . This product is just not practical in any sense of the word . It is too big , too delicate and hard to clean . Good for a one-off at best . Instead , I would recommend buying the cheapest , smallest plastic pool you can find , that will accommodate your youngling -LRB- s -RRB- and yourself ... but find a product that is more durable and easy to keep clean . I should n't have to put a `` pillow of tarp '' under the pool to use it on lush grass , which is now in fact dead , since the pool is difficult to move around . At the end of the day , even after giving this pool the special pampering that is recommended , I am convinced that there are probably 1 or 2 small punctures in the product -LRB- maybe from heat exposure after sitting out for a couple of weeks -RRB- . As many times as you are going to really use this pool , I would also consider going to the community pool or gym for the day -- you will probably enjoy the experience more . Here is some advice for the manufacturers , in case they are reading this
 I bought a pool from you a few years ago , that was the best !! you stop carrying that one !! I bought this one at the end of the season it was a good deal I thought !! Did not use until Memorial Day there was a hole in the crease , so I said okay I will buy some pool patches from you and fix the problem !! patches did not work either !! I just wanted to get one season out of the Pool !! after patching the pool twice and it still did not hold air !! had to pump the pool up every hour for the 4th of July !! this is a bad product !! I still have the other pool on my wish list maybe some day you will get them in again !! those were the coolest pools !! I can not return this one I took scissors to it in anger an threw it out !!
 We purchased this yesterday for $ 40 from Big Lots . Unfortunately , after laying down a tarp , blowing up the pool and filling with water below the fill line last night ... we woke to a pool with a caved in wall and a large portion of the water drained . I know we did n't put it on the most level ground but my guess is there 's a leak somewhere . I 've moved the pool to a more level area and giving it another go . If today does n't turn out better , this one gets returned . We have had the Intex 10 x 30 -LRB- which we gave away -RRB- , it held up wonderfully . We also had a 12 x 36 Intex which I tore a hole into when cleaning it out at the end of season but even though I did a number on it , the patch and duct tape kept it going strong the 3rd year ... it was the inflatable ring on top which finally started leaking and we could n't find it to repair . I 'll be back to leave another review if this one holds up .
 It was smaller than I thought . The candles do not work as they should . It is not worth the money I spent .
 Do not buy this toy cake , it is ABSOLUTE JUNK ! It is VERY small , two of the four candles wo n't fit into the cake , and the most frustrating to my girls is the flames in the candles do n't stay up -LRB- not even for one second ! -RRB- I 've emailed Stewart Toys and I 've called them and I do n't get a response ! They do n't answer their phone and they do n't respond to emails . I ca n't even return this piece of junk ! I need to contact Amazon to figure out what to do . Just some advice ... DO N'T PURCHASE FROM STEWART TOYS ! They do n't stand behind their junky toys ! Their toy pizza that I bought is very junky as well and the pizza cutter already broke . What 's ironic about this whole thing is ... if you look them up on the internet , the owner of Stewart Toys wrote about himself bragging that he started his toy business due to lack of quality toys out there ... I honestly feel the two that I purchased from him are the lowest quality I 've ever purchased for my kids !!
 It is difficult to get the net to stay taught , it keeps sagging in the middle . We keep tightening the rope ties to the poles . There should be some kind of quick release mechanism to untie one side of the net from the pole for when you do n't want the net up . The pole bases are not very sturdy even though they are completely filled with water . The kids were playing with the brand new racquets for less than five minutes when the tape on the handle of two of them unraveled and fell off and on the third racquet , the wood handle actually broke in half . The racquets do n't appear to be made for use in the water -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- I plan to complain to the manufacturer to get replacement racquets .
 We are missing the NET for our v-ball set . Not too happy . Must have a NET now .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . Awful quality - I ca n't even call fabric the polyester they 're made from , feels more like plastic or a mosquito screen . The packaging bag was torn when I opened the outer bag as if someone took one look at them and sent them back . Please , do n't waste your money , they are not returnable !!!!
 I have to agree with the other reviews here -LRB- which I wish I had taken the time to read before purchasing ! -RRB- These are really pretty awful . The fabric is rough and does n't move well . Additionally , they tear very easily . Certainly not worth buying - I wish that I had n't !
 I did not get what I was expecting with these scarves . It turned out they are just toulle cut up in squares with no hemming or anything . I could have done it myself . Quite disappointing .
 This product is WAY over priced for what you get . It does n't include the food shown in every product picture and the entire kit fits into a 10 `` x10 '' box . The pieces look stamped giving it a really cheap and very flimsy feel . If I had seen it in the stores I would have priced it at under $ 10.00 . It was embarrassing so I ended up going to the store and finding a nicer gift for less cost . Save your money !
 When you get the box it has the exact same picture as above except that on the box picture it says `` food not included '' . They photoshopped that part out above in the hopes that people like me wouldnt read the description thoroughly to see that it only includes the pots , pans , and utensils . Without the food there are ALOT better priced sets on amazon . Dont settle for this one because for the price -LRB- without the food -RRB- its not worth it . Also the pots and pans are miniature size so think the size of bowls and saucers .
 Picture FALSELY REPRESENTS what comes in this set . None of the food items are included , even though they appear in the picture . If you buys this , you will only get about half of what you think you are getting , based on the picture .
 I bought this as a gift for my 21/2 yr . old grandaughter . It was to go with the kitchen her parents purchased for her . I was highly disappointed as it was much smaller than shown . I bought a much better set for half the price at my local grocery store ! I will definitely be sending this one back !
 This cook set is ridiculously expensive ! The plastic lids do n't fit properly on the pots ... and especially troublesome is the stock pot lid . It is very difficult to twist it so the edges go under the handles to keep the lid on . i ca n't believe that the set is even more money than i paid for it last year . believe me ... this set is definitely not worth the money . sorry that I purchased it .
 Thirty dollars for this ? You have got to be kidding ! What a joke and what a rip-off !! I will be returning this `` crap '' because my child 's hand is bigger than the skillet ! YOU people should be ashamed to put this out there ! And take the food off the picture if it is n't included !
 I bought this cookware for my 3-year-old grandaughter , who was completely disinterested in the toy . For a start , the pots and pans are too small to actually `` pretend cook '' with . I also bought another item from Small World Living Toys ; plastic veggies , that I assumed were shown with the cooking set . In the photo , it shows several vegetables in one pot . In reality , you could hardly fit one vegetable into the pot . The pots are extremely small . I would have returned it , but it was a gift for her birthday . Maybe her one-yr-old brother will play with it .
 The product photo illustrates food comes with the set , IT DOES NOT . You only find this out after purchasing and finding this in the very fine print hidden on the outside of the box in colors that blend in with the label !!! Very cruel and expensive for what you get !!
 I was really mad when I saw there was no food included in this toy . I see now that food is not listed in the description but ALL of the pictures have food even t he picture on the box the toy comes in . I would not have bought it if I knew this .
 A bit pricey , but looks great . Right ? That 's what I thought until I received the product . The set is overwhelmingly small , and it does not include the food . Did n't see that extremely small print until it arrived . Shame on Amazon ! The picture and description are misleading . I 'll be sending it back today . So disappointed .
 Total box is smaller than a shoe box - not worth the money - I thought it would be much bigger than it is ...
 We bought this doll for our almost 3 year old . The doll is very cute and looks just like a young Tinker Bell . What I do n't like is the wing design . The wings are supposed to flutter but the mechanism is fragile ; ours did n't work right out of the box . Plus , the wings snap off too easily -LRB- even with gentle play -RRB- . Once off , they are a little difficult to snap back on . This doll is cute , but not much fun to play with .
 I collect chess sets and thought this one looked unique . The set arrived promptly and was well-packaged . However , after unwrapping a few pieces , I saw that they were very sloppily made and the painting looked like that of a small child . The quality was unbelieveably poor . The set was returned for credit , minus my shipping costs .
 Does anyone know where I can find the same one used in the video as my 10 month old squeals in delight when he comes on . She has no idea who this mutant is however
 Sorry to say this , but for a little more money you could get a vintage brass Put & Take that spins easily and nicely virtually every time with little effort . This one is quite frustrating . Once you get the knack , you can make several successful spins in a row , but then you have trouble . It seems that a good half the time it does not spin well -- it flops around like dice . ... ... . I collect Put & Takes , and like having this in my collection . The booklet is a nice touch . The 13 metal silvery `` Pieces of Eight '' and golden `` Doubloons '' are a hoot .
 Be forewarned , this toy does not come as pictured . It only comes with the small bag , spinning top , coins and instructions.As I only wanted the coins really , I ca n't find too much fault them .
 I purchased this identical item in a local fabric / craft store for $ 4.99 . It is going back the next time I go there ! The loom is plastic , which I do n't have that big a problem with . The `` loops '' are horrible , some type of thin synthetic which would be a disaster when holding a hot cookie sheet . They are odd shaped , `` rolled '' but basically open fabric -LRB- not a `` tube '' -RRB- , some look dirty or marked with ink . They seem to be some sort of synthetic scraps . Not at all the potholder loops I remember from my childhood . I am SO glad I opened this before sending it to a friend 's child as a gift !! I would have sent a substandard gift and I would n't even have known that !
 This is not the pot holder weaving set you remember from your childhood ! It is made of plastic and ours broke on the first use . The hook is terrible and the whole thing stinks of making something as cheap as possible regardless of the result . Your children deserve better !
 I wanted to teach my daughter the basics of weaving before we moved on in level of difficulty , so when I came across this item I remembered my early days and thought it would be ideal to teach the principles of weaving to her with.The loops it comes with are made out of a rather frighting synthetic fabric , and appear to be cuttings from a failed tights factory . The petroleum used to manufacture them could have been better used to manufacture Gasoline.The hook broke in the middle of use on the first project . Flimsy as all get out , it 's now being glued back together and the seam reinforced with tape.The idea is a phenomenal one - its a time tested learning toy , but this one fails due to poor manufacturing . I would suggest spending the money on something better made . I know I will be doing so and very soon.For Concept and what it can teach - I give it 4 stars.For manufacture - well giving it any star is really being generous .
 THIS IS A TOY THAT IF YOU WANT IT , THAT IS ALL YOU WILL EVER DO IF YOU ORDER IT FROM THIS DEALER !! HE WILL NOT DELIVER AND DOES NOT ANSWER EMAILS FOR OTHER PRODUCT HE SOLD TO ME , SO I AM SURE HE WILL DO SAME WITH THIS PRODUCT !! HAVE FUN ... GOOD LUCK !!
 I have sent many emails regarding the quality of the chair -LRB- it broke within a few months of owning it -RRB- and the company wo n't even respond . Save your money and buy a less expensive chair seeing it wo n't last anyway and the company wo n't stand behind their product .
 So , I put both this and the Airhogs Havoc on my wishlist for a recent birthday and actually received both of them . I was looking forward to seeing what the difference was that would warrant a $ 50 difference in price.Well they 're both here and they are the same toy from the same manufacturer . They are in the same packaging with the same remote and the same stickers.I do n't intend this to be a negative review of the product , as I 'm 34 years old and have n't had this much fun with a toy since I was 12 . It flies great and is completely addictive.Having said that , it 's exactly the same as the Havoc . I even took my Havoc 's controller , switched it to the appropriate channel , and it controlled the Picco Z perfectly.I absolutely recommend the helicopter ... . just save the $ 50 and get the Havoc.Good luck !
 The order was fine except that the Emperor Penguin was a dog toy that squeaked and was not what was promised in the product description . The other three penguins -LRB- plus the baby -RRB- were the product that was in the product description . I looked at the product details on Amazons web site again along with the photo . I do n't know if the product was misrepresentated on Amazons Web Site or someone put the wrong toy in the package at the plant that made the product . Very disappointed . This is the only bad experience I have ever had with Amazon.com . Do I give this dog toy to my niece at the party ?
 this toy reels very rough . my 2 year old gets very frustrated trying to play with it and finally just threw it down . fish come apart .
 I really should have looked at wal-mart before purchasing these balls . Although the quality is good and the colors are nice ... the ones sold at wal-mart are equal to quality and 1/4 the price .
 We ordered 200 Moose Mountain balls to add to our Playhut ball pit that came with 100 balls . As we poured the balls out of the bag we noticed that they were dented . We are extremely dissapointed because we based our purchase on these reviews . I just noticed the the seller -LRB- CMS -RRB- also sells soft versions of these balls - maybe they sent the wrong product . Imagine having to state your case and being asked to `` swear to GOD that you are not lying '' when you contact the company . Excuse me . I am livid .
 Do n't waste your money on these , they are super thin - about the thickness of a balloon and most of them come dented , and it 's about impossible to un-dent them . They are cheap and flimsy and my 14 month old gentle girl smashes them in just by picking them up . Not even close to the ball pit quality you would expect . I should have gone to toys r us . They are n't red , orange , yellow and purple as pictured - they are an ugly pink , blue , yellow and green.DISAPPOINTED .
 The balls are very thin plastic which I doubt will hold up very long . They are so thin that most of them came with dents in them that I can not get out . I would spend a little extra money to get better balls .
 The majority of balls arrived already dented and squished . One tumble into the ball pit and the rest dented up too . That being said , they are easy to reshape and do not loose all of thier air allowing plenty of playtime even when dented . They are also very soft when thrown . Not a terrible product , I just wish they held their shape a little more .
 Wrong bag then pictured in the picture . Wrong colors . False information . Why would my son want bright pick balls . Misleading pictures and will not do this again .
 I used this string years ago -LRB- 2002ish -RRB- when I was playing in high school and absolutely loved it back then . It was extruded -LRB- formed -RRB- in such a way that it had what could be called a series of cuts going lengthwise with the string in what could be seen as almost a star shape if you looked at the end of it . This string of the past could spin a ball to insane levels and would often rip the majority of the fuzz off of one after a set or two . Now a days , their Spiky Shark is the string most similar to the old Super Smash Spiky but it 's subdued a bit . This new Super Smash Spiky just has a series of what appear to be almost randomly spaced very -LRB- I emphasize very -RRB- shallow cuts across the string here and there . All in all I found it did nothing desirable for spin and played like your basic poly . So skip this and get Spiky Shark instead if you 're looking for a good spin string .
 The Seller Rockridge is an awesome provider of quality products and the best in customer satisfaction and service . Yet this mini brass Cups and Balls are NOT the standard ones in the industry . Granted they are of high quality , and appearance , they dont serve the purpose of the routines of the actual Cups and Balls.The seller made the exchange for me without any questions and he did send the larger ones that are specifically made in the industry.I will buy without hesitation from this seller any time , its just that this mini cups and balls are not manufactured to specifications .
 Not only are the colored pieces cheap hollowed out plastic , but the tiny magnets inside them pulled out on the very very first use . This is a company that does not consider quality as a primary goal . Buy something/anything else !
 I got this as a birthday present for my daughter . I put this in the washing machine on gentle , and it fell apart immediately , the seams on each leg opening up and bleeding fuzz . I did n't even put it in the dryer - there was no point . It went right in the trash . The material is so thin , and this is so cheaply made . There was no way to mend it . Very disappointed . I wash all of my childrens ' stuffed animals this way - even my old childhood teddy bear , which is over thirty years old - and have never had a problem with something falling apart like this .
 It was lot BIGGER than I thought so that was a positive but it is so floppy ... I wanted the doll to sit up like shown in the pix but that is impossible . the head will flap back and the legs and arms are all twisted ... It was lot uglier than the picture too ... I would n't recommend it ... I wanted to display this as part of the Decor for the Dr. Seuss birthday party but I do n't know how I would do it . I might need to glue it onto a sit or something ...
 The head flops over ... you have to prop it up or it drops completely forward or backward -LRB- like it is understuffed or something -RRB- .
 I just received this Cat in the Hat item and it is not the same item pictured . This is a Christmas present for my nephew therefore I find myself in a bind . The actual toy sent is thin , his head looks off to the side and overall he looks disheveled due to the material the toy was made from . I am very disappointed that the seller did not picture the actual item . Not a good business tactic . Hope this review helps others in making an informed decision on this purchase .
 The plastic support pipes are very flimsy . My 2 yr old daughter bent them very easily just climbing in and out of the tent and the clubhouse kept collapsing on her . The clubhouse and tent are now in the garbage . The only durable piece is the tunnel . My daughter loves to play in it . The tunnel is easy to collapse and store as well . It is the only piece of the set I would recommend .
 I echo what another reviewer wrote . I have two boys who needed this toy as part of their occupational therapy . The frames are just not durbale and bent up in no time , causing the tent and house to be wildly misshapen . Am currently online looking for replacement frames ... which is proving quite challenging ! The boys do still play in the tube , they actually have it out right now ... But for the money , you can just get the tube seperate and buy a better house/tent to play in . Just my two cents .
 Our triplet toddlers had a blast in the Mambo Combo playset . The only problem was that the tent and clubhouse lasted a grand total of two days before tent poles in each of them snapped in half , leaving both hopelessly warped . I searched the internet for over an hour looking for replacement parts , with no luck ! What 's the point ? The turn-around on the replacement parts -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- will take at least a week , and the thing will be broken again shortly after replacing the broken pieces anyway . This playset is not durable enough for toddlers and not big enough for older kids . If you can purchase the tunnel that would be the way to go . The tunnel is fun and the only durable item in this set . Save your money and skip the Mambo Combo .
 This is an extremely flimsy and poorly built product . None of the parts stay together long enough to actually be enjoyed by the kids . I would not recommend this product until they put some more thought into making it stronger .
 Well we got this for our kids 2nd birthday.The clubhouse poles were too long and we could not get the fabric to fit over it.The tent went together easily but it was irreparably broken in multiple places in 10 mins . My kids did love it , and we are tying to find replacement poles .
 My kids love this tent and tunnel set , but when we lost a couple of the pieces when we moved , and one of the frame sections snapped in half , I was extremely disappointed to find out they do n't sell replacement parts ! If you lose some pieces or they get cracked and damaged as ours have , the tent is useless . We now have a tent and a teepee we ca n't use . They still enjoy the tunnels , but I 'm so mad they do n't sell replacement parts . I know we 're not the only family that needs them !
 My four small children destroyed the tents within just a couple of hours of set up . `` Flimsy '' is putting it mildly . Now I see why it was so much less expensive than other tents . Now I have to get something else anyway and I spent about $ 2 per minute of fun . Waste of money .
 My son got so excited when we started putting the tent together , -LRB- it was hard to do it -RRB- , I broke 3 poles , and now I 'm trying to find some replacments , I ` been looking for the website but no luck . Plastic is cheap and not durable -LRB- not made for kids -RRB- my son is only 2yo and he is able to bend them easly , ... . I dont ' t recomend to spend your money in this product
 This was exactly the plane my son wanted because it looks the way he wanted it to , but it is a model and within a few test flights the gas tanks on the bottom came off and then the tail wings came off . We have glued it several times because he really does love it , but wish it were more durable .
 Unfortunately within only weeks of putting this product together , the wooden strip that supports the middle level `` bowed '' thereby making the cardboard floor fall through . We tried holding it together with duct tape but that did n't work . We were disappointed with the quality of this product .
 Good solid play house . Medium difficulty on assembly . Helps with two parents . The kids are enjoying it . It will be around for a long time .
 Purchased this board a couple years ago and have barely used it . It was a nice looking Go board initially . The other day I took it out of the closet -LRB- less than 2 years later -RRB- and it has severe cracks all over the bamboo on both sides . I live in Denver where it is a relatively dry climate and I assume that this may have caused the cracking . I read that bamboo processed in humid countries -LRB- i.e. China -RRB- can have issues with cracking when used in dry climates . I suppose I could have kept the board in some sort of humidifying chamber or something ... but really ... who wants to do that with a $ 40 Go Board . Not sure if solid wood boards are any better in this climate but I doubt I 'll be purchasing many bamboo items in the future . I would advise you to avoid this board if you live in Colorado or any other dry climates !
 My son got this toy for Christmas from a family member and I put it together for him today . This toy is so frustratingly terrible that a one star rating is too high . Once you put it together and press the button on the remote control it falls apart immediately . The toy dances itself to pieces within seconds . It will not stay together no matter what I do . I will be returning this toy to the manufacturer , if possible . Avoid .
 Usually ships in one to two months ? Seriously ? Why would anyone buy this ?
 This is properly advertised - the tip is plastic and therefore has a noticeable seam and poor color . If you are not serious about magic then this product may be for you . If you are more serious then I recommend to visit a local magic shop and purchase a rubber tip with great color and seamless for only $ 5 .
 Usually ships in one to two months ? Seriously ? Why would anyone buy this ?
 This review addresses the entire Wings of War line , rather than this individual product , basically because buying one part almost necessitates buying the others . It is a fantastic game from a mechanics standpoint in that it simulates WWI-style aerial combat with about the smallest and least complex components possible . It allows for different planes having different performance characteristics -LRB- to an admittedly limited extent , but some of those maneuver decks have some massively useful ace-up-the-sleeve moves -RRB- . It is a perfectly acceptable substitute for the very resource-intensive Aerodrome -LRB- a game I truly love but lack the time , money , or table space to play -RRB- . If the manufacturer can make adjustments to address these problems , I would be a strong booster for this game , but as it is , I do n't see any reason to pay over $ 100.00 to get a truly playable version of this game , considering that a similar investment would allow me to have all those cool Aerodrome models on radio antennae.However , the game has a nearly fatal flaw . In order to play the game effectively , it is necessary to not only purchase the core game and the supplements , but multiple copies of each ! The planes each use a maneuver deck -LRB- and there are several types -RRB- , and each box only contains one of each , so planes with identical maneuverability are impossible to field -LRB- there is a similar , if lesser problem with the damage card decks -RRB- . Each box contains all new material , except for the components for which there is need for only one or two specimens . At over 25 bucks a pop , it becomes aggravating to buy a box full of components when all you need is about 10-20 % of what 's in it.This problem would be easy to solve by allowing the maneuver and damage decks to be purchased separately -LRB- perhaps bundling them in packs similar to the way Magic cards are sold , without the random distribution of cards -RRB- . I suspect that there is a relatively cynical marketing and packaging scheme at work here , but what it amounted to was that I bought a game that I really like in concept that left me feeling ripped off by a bait-and-switch .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson and promptly recieved it within a few days , delivery was excellant , however the toy did not work and I returned it . This was an easy process even in the holiday season . I ordered another when the first was returned and it did not work either . The toy has batteries and that light up when it is squeezed and it may make a sound . I could find no way to replace the battery , no opening or instructions in either box the manufacturer sent it in . I will probably not buy from this company again , although there was no problem with the shipping and handling .
 was very excited about purchasing this toy for my daughter . . we are big monty fans . it arrived on time . . opened it , and it did not work ! I knew I would n't be able to exchange it in time for Christmas , so I quickly ordered another thinking that this first one was a fluke . Well I got the package 2 days before Chrsitmas . . guess what ? This one did n't work either ! and there is no accessibilty to the batteries ! Shoddy quality control and absolutely awful customer service !
 Toy arrived a few days aGO . wHEN PAckage was opened the toy is not functionalCannot locate a place to open and try to replace batteryvery disappointing - should have been checked prior to shippingJ D McWilliams
 DO NOT BUY THIS FLOATING CHAIR !!!! I bought this Texas Recreation floating pool chair because I had one years ago when we first had a pool and loved it . We recently installed a pool in our yard and I bought this floating chair pre-season because it was on sale . This is a much lighter weight chair and much smaller all around . It is not nearly as boyant as the other chair we had . It is VERY UNSTABLE in the water because it is not wide enough . The chair back is not nearly high enough and the chair leans backwards too far . It feels like if you totally relax your stomach muscles it would turn over and dump you out backwards . LEARN FROM MY EXPENSIVE MISTAKE AND DO NOT BUY THIS CHAIR !!!! If I could have left 0 stars I would have done it . I have had several floating chairs in the past that I really liked but I think the redesign to make the back of this chair fold down has really made this chair unusable .
 I am very unhappy with this product , It tips over easily . The chair may not sink , but you get dumped . There is only one position to lay in , you can not sit up in it as the back falls back , Customer service is terrible , You can not return it if it is used . How can you tell if it works if you do n't put it in the water . Also , tears easily , Beware buyer
 Received the product on time . I was hoping to get what it appears to be but the cap that goes over the fill hole is NOT SCREW on , Therefore it did n't work for me .
 This is a bit too complicated for my 10 yr old daughter , but I bet next year it will be great .
 Bought to accompany microscope purchased , but had not read the details as I should have . Plastic slides work OK and I guess they are safe , but for our 12 yr . old I could have bought more serious slides -- probably good for the under 10 set .
 There is nothing in the kit that is worth what you may pay for it . Vague and very brief instructions . Best visit library and then internet to obtain suitable materials to make slides . You simply can not learn to make the many types of slide and mounts from this too basic of a kit .
 plastic everything , even the slides , like a dollar store product ... will not buy or tell a friend to buy ... very sad about it . . I gave it a one , because I could not give it a big fat `` O '' . Yes , I have had micro classes and do know what is good and what is not ...
 this is total junk from china . it 's not good for beginners or intermediate or advanced . it 's totally plastic , worthless to actually prepare your own slides with stain . im sending it back to amazon . just junk .
 I bought this detector as a surprise for our vacation after reading all of these positive reviews and was terribly disappointed . It did n't detect any metal except for our van ... even coins that were right in front of it . I do n't know if we got a defective unit , but unless the metal in question was huge and thick like a car or a metal swing set , it would n't beep .
 Garbage ! Will not detect a coin . Will detect a large wrench at an inch or two but not further so it works to some extent . Still might package it up & send it back but for the cost it is not worth my time .
 The unit only detects , when it is directly touching metal ?! Day late and a dollar short , at that point . The Elenco Metal Detector with Beep Alert is a worthless purchase .
 This product did not work from the beginning . It could not even detect a quarter on the ground . The product is cheaper than other detectors but pretty useless when it can not even detect coins on top of the ground . This product should n't even be allowed to be sold to the public . I was not expecting long range or anything considering the price but not even detecting metal above ground is ridiculous . What a great way to waste 25 bucks .
 I gave it one start only because I could n't give it zero . This was bought as a gift and from the moment it was opened it did n't work . It did n't even pick up a coin that we held underneath it ! Nothing made this thing beep . There was one very disappointed boy on Christmas . Do not buy this one . Spend a bit more and get one that will give you the fun you are looking for . I do have to say kudos to Amazon for their wonderful return policy . At least we were n't stuck with it .
 This metal detector is junk . It does n't work at all and my daughter was very disappointed . Do n't purchase it !! It 's not worth the cost to ship it , let alone buy it .
 I thought it was a step up from another option . Very basic . Works , but not well . Some stuff we planted was n't detected . Pretty cheap construction as well . Hopefully the kid will get some fun out of it before it breaks or is tossed aside .
 Just bought this for my 8-year old . Does n't work . I love Elenco products , typically . The unit is lightweight and seems sturdy enough , but it flat out does not work . Returning tomorrow .
 the metal detector just beeps at anything not anything you can do about it , like setting it to nickel gold quarter or dime . and to me it really wasnt worth it i kept finding pull tabs and caps because i couldnt set it to anything .
 So , the metal detector showed up , and it was put together wrong . So my husband tried to take it apart and put it together the right way -LRB- because honestly sending it back would have been more work ... I have 3 kids and getting back to the post office is too much -RRB- . My husband was able to get it back together , and it only works when it ` wants to work ' ... sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . Crap . Do n't wast your money .
 what a total waste of money , not one peep as you hold it over metal , save your money . . grandson so unhappy on Christmas
 This is just not worth it , does n't work well , I purchased this for my grandson and it was such a disappointment I do n't think he really used it once because the quality was that bad .
 This contraption is more like a toy . I just needed a quick tool to search for ground post in my yard . This thing went off anytime I moved it . Especially in the air around NO METAL at all . I should 've known with this price . It was going to be used for one task and that was it so not to disappointed ... I just sent this crap back . It would serve better as a kids toy or a dog 's chewable .
 I was very disappointed . This doll is adorable , and I allowed my 3 year old to pick it out for a shower gift for my sister 's baby shower . I know it said 3 yrs and up , but I figured the doll would be really cute sitting in the baby 's room . She could play with it when she was old enough!It arrives . I 'm excited . But low and behold , its about 3 inches tall ! What the hey ? So now what , my daughter is so excited to give the doll to her soon to arrive cousin , but its so small!I recommend it to children who are three years old or older , and play with fashion dolls and doll houses . Its not a baby doll to love and take care of and take to bed , its one for a doll house instead.Maybe the description of the product should state approx size is 3 inches . I do n't know nothing about weight .
 These tablets are good because they disinigrate very well in tub water and the colors are vibrant . However the color of the tablets before they go into water is different than the color they actually are in water which makes it very confusing for both myself and my daughter . It makes it very hard for me to teach her about mixing colors -LRB- like yellow + blue = green -RRB- if we do n't know what colors we are starting out with .
 We 've never gotten to use the canopy yet because the clips are of such poor quality & construction , they broke the first time they were squeezed to open & attach to the wagon !! This needs serious thought & better quality .
 The very first time we used this product , we brushed past a hedge next to the sidewalk and one of the clamps broke clean in half . We did not walk through a bush , this was a very light side swipe - the kids in the wagon did n't get touched by the bush , however one was hit by the metal support from the canopy thwacking her upside the head when it broke . We were pretty confused as to what happened because we could n't believe it was broken by such a slight contact.We left it in the back of the van for months as it was unusable with a broken clamp . Then we were caught in the rain and we needed it , so we grabbed an extra woodworking clamp and tried to make it work -LRB- it did n't work -RRB- . When it became apparent that it was n't going to work , we took the canopy back off the wagon . THE ACTION OF TAKING THE CANOPY OFF THE WAGON BROKE YET ANOTHER CLAMP !! I could n't believe it . I 'm sure if we were ever able to use it it would shield rain nicely , but we have used it -LRB- or attempted to -RRB- only twice and the result is two broken clamps.The clamps are cheap , weak little pieces of ... turd .
 I purchased this and it arrived quickly the issue was with the product itself . When it arrived I opened it to find stitching had already come undone . So I returned it and received a new one next day only to find the same issue in the same area . This is the only canopy I can find to fit and it is not good at all . Wish I had more choices so I could keep my kids away from the elements .
 Be careful ... this ripped after about 2 months . I 'm not even sure how it ripped . My kids are not particularly rough on toys and this does provide shade , but is FRAGILE for the price .
 Be Careful with this item . It does nto provide shade to our son as the canopy is positioned up way too high . The ribs that are used on the canopy are flimsy and have broken , making it basically worthless . It is trully an `` aftermarket '' add on . Would avise against it .
 I was so happy to find this , as here in colorado the sun can be pretty harsh . it went on our wagon easily -LRB- metal radioflyer -RRB- , but a clamp immediately broke ! Since it was a few months from when we bought it , until when we used it , we are past the return date . Radio Flyer WILL sell us another clamp , but for half the price we paid for the whole thing ! Two thumbs down . After reading through reviews , it seems this is a common issue , but people are still rating it high . In my opinion , if it breaks in the first 5 uses , it does n't even deserve one star . Bummer . RF has some great long lasting products , but this is n't one .
 Unfortunately , we 're on our third one since we purchased the first one 18 months ago . The clamps are very fragile and will literally come apart in your hands without even a discernible `` snap '' after about 6 months . The nylon fabric itself is easily worn through if you accidentally rub the canopy on say , a fence , as you are passing . We have always stored our wagon with the canopy set up in our garden shed or inside under our stairs , so it 's not that it 's been left outside in the elements apart from when we are using it , nor have the clamps been repeatedly opened and closed.However , it fits the wagon perfectly , is collapsible -LRB- if that matters to you -RRB- and provides excellent shelter in all the weather we have encountered during our daily walks to school in England . So we have reluctantly ordered another one . I just wish it was as durable as the wagon it is designed for . : - -LRB-
 Our canopy handle/gripper -LRB- part that attaches to wagon -RRB- broke after 3 uses . I do n't reccommend purchasing this product because it WILL break . My friend had the same canopy and her 's broke after 2 uses . on the bright side ; when it 's not broken , it works great keeping the kiddos shaded .
 Such a shame - like other reviewers on here , our kids loved the canopy , but after about a dozen outings , one of the clamps split . We have tried to attach the canopy in other ways , but it 's too clumsy . The weak spots on the clamps are easy to see - it 's surprising that Radio Flyer has n't recognised their failings and improved them.I 'd love to recommend this canopy but unfortunately the flimsy clamps prevent me from doing so .
 I do n't recommend this wagon canopy , however , I do n't think thier are too many alternatives . It looks nice and seems to be made of good materieals . The design is lacking . We have it on the All Terrain Cargo Wagon , and when attached to the sides , the canopy is so high that the wagon riders are rarely in the shade . Also , I dont have a lot of faith in the clamps used to attach the canopy to the wagon . The fiberglass frame of the canopy puts so much pressure on the clamps that they do n't close completly on the wagon sides , and it pushes the sides outward enough that it will eventually lead to a break somewhere .
 I ordered the canopy when it was on sale ... thankfully ! Because it is nowhere near worth $ 50 + . If you live in an area that 's really sunny most of the year , like we do , it will not provide the coverage you need . The sun still finds its way easily into the wagon ... the shade did n't seem to provide any coverage . Also , the quality seems somewhat flimsy . The shade pulls tight from each end , so it works well for not drooping . However , the clamps that hold it to the wagon do n't seem all that sturdy . Plus , I think a child could easily pull them off . If you want a Radio Flyer that seems to have a higher quality canopy , you may want to consider one of the versions that has one that comes with it that 's made to fit in the wagon .
 hoped for something decent to last a while , expected alot better quality from radio flyer , cheaply made dont see this canopy lasting long ,
 I did NOT receive the riders only the horses The horses are great but now I have to find three riders for them . I still would like to receive this product or a similar blue figure . I have not been able to contact customer service so if anything can be done to get the riders . I appreciate any help I can get .
 Instructions say to use super glue.But nothing gets it to hold together well.I 've tried many different glues , nothing holds.May need to weld ...
 This toy was much smaller than I expected it to be , and I could not make it crinkle . I do n't think it does . That was disappointing as that was the main reason we bought it . We were giving it to a baby in a `` goodie bag '' at my daughter 's birthday party . We ended up having to get another gift because this looked too puny to give on it 's own . It 's cute looking , and it 's a rattle , so babies would still like it . I would probably spring for the big one next time though , if I buy it at all .
 This is one of the WORST figures that i 've ever gotten in my entire life !!! She would be better as a Static or PVC figure . She stands akwardly on her over-sized mikey mouse feet .
 This toy chest is exactly what we were looking for . It is very large to store plenty of toys and the top detaches . The problem is it was extremely difficult to assemble . In fact , I almost returned it because the sides just would n't connect . After trying several times and using a hammer and sitting on it , we managed to get 3 sides assembled and it was enough to hold it . We decided to keep it rather than go through the hassle of returning it . After all the abuse it took to assemble it , I think it will hold up to anything a child could do to it .
 Durability is fantastic , but problems with the lid made this item useless to me . The lid is large , heavy , and not attached to the box . This makes it difficult for me and all kids to manouver , and no matter how many times I put it behind the box , it somehow manages to find its way to the middle of the floor and is always in the way . Also , the chest is large with one separater to divide the it in half - no real way to organize . I found this just became a junk box . So I moved it to the garage to keep her outdoor toys in , and used another organizing system for the toys in my 3 year olds bedroom .
 I had purchased the blue one years ago for my son . Now that I have 2 girls , I wanted the one in pink . I ordered it and waited to receive it . I got it when they said I would , which was great ! To my disbelief , the product was dirty when taking it out of the box . Customer service worked with me and was going to give me a discount to keep it . I put the toy box together -LRB- which is not difficult -RRB- , however , it would not go together right . The one end piece tab would not fit into the longer piece . This caused the toy box tabs -LRB- inside -RRB- to not stay in place . Plus , when the lid was put on it was crooked . I was so disappointed . I returned the product and now I can not find one anywhere . I am going to have to go with a different toy box . I was let down ! The girls do not care either way , but it was a sentimental thing for me .
 Two of the eight plastic clips that hold the sides of this toy box together have all ready broken and it has only been put together for about a month . My daughter is not big enough to play rough with it yet . She 's not even big enough to get her toys out of it . The toy box itself looks sturdy , but the clips that hold it together sure are n't !
 Well , after reading the reviews I knew it was going to be hit or miss on whether or not we could assemble this toy box . It was so cute and matched my granddaughter 's room so perfectly that I ordered it . We could not even come close to getting this toy box assembled . The pegs on the four brackets used to hold the box together were not even close to matching up with the grooves they were suppose to fit in . We held this box so many different ways trying to make it fit that we finally gave up and sent it back . This is poorly made and I recommend buying one already assembled if you still want it .
 The lid to this toy box is defective and I will be seeing what I can do about it , we put it together night before my grandbabys 1st bday party and the plastic underneath on one side is defective and so thin and crushed in ... I am not happy !!
 Do not waste your money on this toy chest ! I purchased it for my granddaughter as a gift and it is of poor quality.Plastic was warped so would not connect properly . My son did not want to bother to repackage -LRB- too large -RRB- and return after experiencing difficulty putting the warped pieces together .
 This toy chest has manufacturing defects . It is not molded properly , and the sides/bottom do not fit together . I returned the first one for a new toy chest , assuming it was a one time deal ... Alas , the second toy chest ALSO had this defect , and so it is being returned for a refund.I did call Little Tikes as was told that it `` happens '' sometimes , and that I `` probably got two toy chests manufactured in the same plant . '' Thanks , Little Tikes.Shame , because this is proudly labelled `` MADE IN THE USA '' all over the box .
 Although this Little Tikes product is well constructed and tough , there is one major drawback that is so aggravating that it negates any positive attributes . In order to get into the toybox , because of the way it is constructed , you have to take the lid completely off the box . Because of it 's `` dome-like '' shaped lid , you can not lift it up with one hand to retrieve a toy with the other . If you do , the lid completely falls off , or turns upside down , obscuring the opening of the toybox . So , every time this toybox is opened , the lid must be completely removed and set aside . It 's very user `` unfriendly '' to an adult , so I can imagine how difficult it will be for my young daughter to use as she grows up .
 The large capacity of this toy box as well as its durability makes it worth its price . The dividers are great to separate the Barbies from the tea sets . The only part of the toy box that I am disappointed with is the way the lid `` hinges '' on the box . Basically , it does n't . It 's hard for my daughter to open it without the lid falling off the slight hinge between the box and lid . It requires precise lifting for it to work properly . My husband solved the problem by installing actual hinges on the box .
 I bought this lovely toy box for my daughter ... She use to keep alll her dolls in a pile on the floor and I got tired of finding toys all over the house , so I bought it.It has seperators so the dolls go in one spot and the big toys go in the other ... It 's a pretty pink and white so it matches her bedding , and there are no sharp edges on the box so it 's safer for younger children ... Now I 'm happy cause there is no mess.This is a Great Sturdy toy box ...
 Shipping took longer than usual so we did n't receive this until the day of my daughter 's bday party , so when we unboxed it to put it together we were quite unamused to find it was missing both side pieces . Literally useless ... Very disappointing and frustrating ...
 I thought this was the cutes toy box , and large to boot ! But ... what good is the size of it if it will not stay together . The sides snap together and do not stay together even with nothing in it . Too bad .
 I like this toy box.Now , why it gets a 1 star is because the product picture is wholly misleading . You can not -LRB- underscore ! -RRB- lift the lid as show in the picture . Meaning they 've rigged the picture to give the impression that it 's hinged . It 's not hinged . The top falls off at a lesser angle unless against a wall . `` Lid detaches for safety '' is their way of saying the lid is n't hinged?Anyway , boo for them . I still would have bought it , and still like it a lot . It 's great construction and massive inside . I even like that the lid is vaulted . But you do n't have to lie .
 I love Little Tikes Products , but they didnt get me on this one . The box is huge !! awesome to have the playroom , living room and bedrooms clean , organize and also play `` cleanup '' or have a `` cleanup '' lesson with your kids . What it really matter here is how safe it is for my kids , The lid completely turns off , in the picture you 'll see a girl holding the lid with one hand , i dont know how they did it , the lid is heavy and everytime my daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- try to open it it falls off and have crushed her fingers too . It 's really a pain . We finally decided to completely removed the lid and leave it like that .
 I would not recommend this . The capacity is huge , but it is very difficult to assemble . I broke one of the pieces that holds the sides together trying to get it in place because I could n't pull the pieces close enough together . I emailed Little Tikes and they promptly sent replacements free of charge . I eventually got it assembled by using a ratcheting tie-down to pull the pieces close enough to get the connectors in . However , I noticed a couple of days ago that one of the connectors has popped out .
 i bought this toy chest for my little girls toy i thought it was the perfect chest after searching and searching for one but once i received it and tried to put it together for whatever reason the pieces would not fit together my dad , husband , mom and myself tried and tried and nothing , then we found that the pieces were made wrong.So i just returned it thats too bad too i really liked it ...
 I got this for my 6 year old . It was a HUGE hit with him and all his friends -LRB- both girls and boys -RRB- because it talks back . But , like another reviewer , it only lasted a week and then got a small hole . It was n't experiencing any more rough treatment than it 's made for so that 's pretty pathetic . We 've patched it but it 's still leaking , so sadly Bop Buddy will be heading into the trash here pretty soon . It 's a bummer they do n't make this more durable .
 I bought this for my three year old nephew and while he enjoys punching and tackling it , it does n't `` talk '' unless you hit it directly on the voice activation thing , which is on top of the head , and too high for my nephew to reach -LRB- and we did pull out the tab the instructions tell you to pull out to activate this -RRB- . When he plays with it , an adult has to stand next to it and hit on the head for him to hear the funny voice . Kind of lame ! In addition , when you weight the bottom with water or sand , it becomes EXTREMELY heavy , so an adult has to pull it out into the middle of the room when he wants to play with it . It was n't a bad price , and he does enjoy it , but next time I 'll go for one of the cheaper , non talking bop bag toys .
 Ours lasted one day and then deflated . Ca n't even hear any air coming out . I just think it is made poorly . BTW , this is a crazy price through this dealer . It is $ 20 at Toys R Us , but even at that not worth it unless you do n't mind spending $ 20 for a day 's worth of fun .
 It was fun for 2 days until it got 3 holes ! I thought it was more durable but its not
 Our son LOVES Jay-Jay . So , we got him several of these wooden character figures . I liked the chunky size . Easy for a little guy to grab on to . We got Snuffy , Jay-Jay , Herky , and Tracy . Without exception , they all started breaking within a few days . One lost a piece of the tail , one lost an engine , Herky lost his propellor . I lost my mind listening to , `` WAAAAAAHHHHH ! My Herky -LRB- Tracy , Snuffy , Jay-Jay -RRB- is BROKEN !!! '' I like the idea of this toy , but in practice , it 's not a well-made product .
 We have a number of these characters . They are not as well made as the Thomas the Tank Engine wooden playthings . These have a lot of plastic parts that break off . So far Tracy is missing the plastic parts to the engine . Old Oscar lost his propeller as did Big Jake . My boys enjoy playing with them still but I wish they were better made .
 If you 're looking for a DVD on how to do David Blaine type street magic , you are looking at the wrong DVD . Though Brad does a very good job at teaching , the material taught is basic sleight of hand used at the card table . Though it can be used on the street as well , the tricks taught using the sleight of hand are mostly tricks that would mostly work for children . Brad sells a series of his own produced magic DVDs at ellusionist.com ; Those entilted Ninja 1 , Ninja 2 , and Crash Course in Street Magic 2 actually have a fair amount of street magic in them but one has to wonder why he repeats material taught in earlier DVDs such as How to Do Street Magic in those . He always repeats material instead of having a DVD full of new material and a lot of the time the good material is sprinkled within all of the mediocre material on a lot of his DVDs . Ellusionist does have a good site though some things are priced a little higher than at other magic sites . I would recommend buying The Royal Road to Card Magic as it teaches you very basic sleight of hand in its 5 dvd set to pretty advanced sleight of hand and all for around -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks instead of buying the ellusionist set for around -LSB- ... -RSB- total ; that set repeats material and has a lot of mediocre magic when you think of what you 're paying for . One also has to wonder why they have strictly glowing reviews on their website for EVERYTHING ; there is always someone who will not like your product no matter what . If you are looking for magic material , I would also try penguinmagic.com ; they have a very good selection and the reviews for their products actually have good and bad reviews which to me gives a bit of legitimacy and gives you and idea of what you would possibly be buying . Bottom line , the dvd here is way over priced for what it teaches ; I mean this material if very old and can be learned from cheap books by Scarne , or Jean Hugard . My advice would be to buy an actual progressively harder dvd set like the one mentioned above which has been excellent so far , then go buy some books by the above mentioned authors who have tricks like the pass , the ambitious card and other `` street magic '' and teach yourself . By the time you go through a dvd set learning a vast amount of sleights and tricks , it should be a breeze to learn from a book . There are a lot of quality magic dvds out there at ellusionist and penguinmagic as well as other sites , but you will be paying a bundle compared to what you would pay for a book ; so be careful when buying dvds and do your research because there is a lot of overpriced , overhyped -LSB- ... -RSB- out there like this particular dvd which is n't even good street magic .
 My son adores Jay Jay & the other characters from Tarrytown . I purchased numerous wooden toys from this Jay Jay collection and we have had nothing but disappointment from them . The paint starts peeling from the wooden bodies almost immediately after opening the package , pieces fall off of the bodies -LRB- engines , props , tail sections , plastic faces , etc -RRB- and the general construction is shoddy . The paint flakes are concerning , the small pieces are a choking hazard & generally the toys do not last ! I would avoid these toys at any price ... including free !
 My son just turned 3 and loves Jay Jay and Friends . We purchased his first Jay Jay about 8 months ago and found that he was able to pull off one of Jay Jay 's engines under his wing . Obviously this is a choking hazard . Thinking that perhaps we had a dud , we purchased a second plane to find that our son was able to pull off one of his tail wings ; again a choking hazard . While they can be put back on with wood glue , it is concerning that both of the planes had pieces that a 2-3 yeard old could pull off . Have not had this trouble with any others in the group .
 My kids loved it , but the wood & paint chipped within 2 weeks as well as the tire just popped off and the all the metal screws rusted . -LRB- It has n't been exposed to any salt water and just a little ` normal ' kid water . -RRB-
 We have many of the Jay Jay characters and all are poorly made , very disappointing as our daughter LOVES JJ and playing with them . The paint chipped almost immediately after purchase , the parts fall off , the plastic propeller pieces break off & create choking/cutting hazards . These ca n't endure the typical ` wear & tear ' of the 3yr + crowd & our daughter has been fairly gentle with them . They do n't survive a drop off her play table . I would advise against purchasing these until they are more durable like Thomas pieces .
 My son loves Jay Jay from PBS , so he really enjoys playing with the Jay Jay character . He is only 17 mos , so he does n't quite understand all of the imaginative things he can do with it , but he loves to carry it around and likes to sing to it . I suspect in a few months he will actually start playing with it like an airplane . However , I am concerned as to whether it will hold up . We just got the character three weeks ago and the paint is chipped at the seams of the wings -LRB- looks like it was poorly glued together -- several people have asked if it broke and we glued the wings back on -RRB- . Also , when we ordered this character through the Toys R Us website we also ordered the Tracy character . We were sent two of the Jay Jay characters instead of receiving the Tracy character . Not sure if it was a Toys R Us problem or a toymaker problem , but I believe it was sent directly fromt the maker . We also got the playmat , it is really great because you can store it easily , but it is a little too advanced for a 17 mos old to understand how to use yet -- he just likes to sit on it and sing right now -- but he does point to it anytime he picks up his Jay Jay airplane .
 Nice toy - every kid LOVES Jay Jay!Too bad it 's made in China ... I 'll have to worry about potential side effects .
 This review is regarding all of the wooden Jay Jay characters , which we have purchased in the last 2 months . I would discourage someone from buying these characters because the majority of ours have fallen apart or broken in some way that is unsafe for my 4 and 2 year old . Some of these parts include small wheels , screws that hold small wheels on , small propellers , back sections -LRB- such as on Savannah -RRB- that are held together by sharp screws , etc. . . The faces have yet to fall off , but they are loose and I expect them to soon . My boys love these planes , but I do not feel they are safe to play with . I am surprised that these wooden characters have not been recalled .
 My son loves Jay Jay but this toy has done nothing but frustrate him . Of course on the show Herky , Jay Jay , Tracy , and Snuffy all fit in the hangar -LRB- they sleep there -RRB- . This toy , however , is so small that only one wooden plane or two plastic planes can fit into it which is very upsetting to him . He ca n't understand why they fit in the hangar on the show but not in `` real life . '' DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! It would be much better to make your own hangar out of an old shoebox . The only good thing I can say about this is that it is a very well made wooden piece . Too bad it is WAY too small .
 The best way to waste your money . There better thing to spend it on like the futaba g190 . Its like half the price .
 I ordered this based on the outstanding reviews . I even have friends who have this same set who love it . Perhaps my set was defective , but when I opened the tub - the chemical smell was overwhelming . The play food had a very strong plastic/paint/chemical smell . I thought it might ` air out ' but the smell is still there a week later.The food is cute , although not as cute as pictured . Some of the pieces look more like dog toys than play food . I suppose I was expecting more because of the high price.I will be returning this product . I purchased the new Melissa and Doug plastic produce sets instead -LRB- there is a fruit set and veggie set -RRB- and I like them so much better . No smell at all - and adorable , high-quality food .
 When I checked out play food by this very company a couple years ago -LRB- before my daughter was old enough for it -RRB- it was well made . Somehow , in those couple years they must have changed how the product is made . My kids LOVE to play with play food and I thought i would invest in better quality ones to replace the cheap and cracking ones we had . I purchased it for Christmas and almost did n't even open it to check it out but I did to show my husband . So glad I did because it was NOT the same quality I had seen them produce a few years ago . The painting on it was off and just plain not `` on '' on some pieces . So cheap ! Not worth the almost $ 100 for play food so I returned it immediately . I would n't pay any more than $ 25 for this tub !!
 I was disappointed when I received this giraffe . My daughter fell in love with her cousin 's giraffe which is the one pictured , but is not what we received . The brown patches are much smaller on the one we received . My daughter still likes this giraffe but is disappointed that it is not the same as her cousin 's . The one we received looked like this one : TY Classic Plush - HIGHTOPS the Giraffe -LRB- LARGE Version - 28 Inches -RRB-
 As another person mentioned , the giraffe does not look like the one shown in the picture . I doubt it 's because of photogenic angles or lighting . The patches are smaller and the eyes are more realistic . In my opinion , what I got is fine , but not as cute as the pictured one . While my friend 's baby does not care the look , I am a bit disappointed and annoyed about getting a less cute giraffe ... I wonder how often this happens . As I 'm the second person mentioning , if `` exact look '' is important to you , you might want to give extra time to exchange to get the right one or so .
 Globe is somewhat small in size . The main problem is I have a hard time getting it to levitate . Once its levitating , it tends to not stay that way for long . Lately , I 've been able to make it stay levitating but adding a round magnet weight I had and stuck it underneath the globe . Obviously not well designed . Seems cheaply made as well -LRB- except the globe , which is made in Germany -- but again still should be much bigger -RRB- .
 Got this item as a gift for my Father , did n't expect anything special and I am glad I did n't . Low quality materials and construction . I would say this item is probably now available in any local Dollar Store .
 As with all Barbie toys this comes with a million little pieces . Definitely not something that you want if you have younger children in the house.This toy is absolutely a waste of money . It is cheaply made . The `` chalk board '' comes apart constantly , the piece of cardboard that goes in it constantly comes out and gets trampled on or torn up.There are many pieces to this toy that get lost in the carpet or stepped on.This toy is very cheaply made .
 This is an attractive top . I look for simple scientific items like this for nephews and grandkiddies so they will understand the principles . I could not get the top to work even using a levitron starter . I called the company that Amazon sold the product thru , told them the problem and they are sending a replacement at no charge . Service of Amazon and Edmonds Scientific is excellant . Edmonds stopped selling this product so others must have a problem . Not a big item and no big deal . I have had no problems with previoous products from both of these companies .
 Note : The following review was written by me and shows the results of the item I received , it is possible that I received a defective product and any other user/purchaser may have been able to get it to operate as advertised , I did not find that the case , so here is my rather negative review of the item.The seller tells us this is a very educational toy . Wrong ! The idea behind how it is supposed to work in theory is great . What the seller does not say , is that you have to have the patience of Job in order to just read the directions for setup . A little bit of rocket science education would help also . It sounds so simple , just put the stand on a table , use the leveling screws on the base to level the top base , insert the plastic base on top and twirl the top . It is then supposed to spin on its own and you can take out the middle plastic insert so that top appears to be spinning in mid-air . This all sounds simple and fasenating and it would be if it worked . No matter how much you level the base -LRB- or try to -RRB- , use some of the weights , or all of them . It will not work , Immediately upon trying to just put the top near the base ... it is automatically propelled off the base with quite a jerk . I spent over four hours on this and never got it to work , maybe me ? I said ? So I got some friends over to help me , each one tried it seperately , no go ! Then we got together as a team to tackle it . Nope!I think it is a great and theory , however ; If three adults spending over three hours could not get it to work , how could one child ?? My suggestion is that if you purchase or have purchased and it does n't work , get your refund quick.Read , Purchase and decide on your own if it will work , but be ready to shell out decent money only to lost it!Fascinations Levitron Omega
 I was under the impression the was a levitating magnet that could WOW my girlfriends nephews . I 'm giving it 2 stars due to my error and lack of research . The top will `` levitate '' but only when spinning and after much human intervention and trial and error . One must weight the top correctly , place on a plastic `` launcher '' of sorts , spin , then remove the launcher in hopes your spin was perfect enough to allow for about 5 seconds of `` levitation '' . Once the top slows down , the wobble in the axis pulls it out of balance and its over . All of this takes practice and is time consuming and frustrating . Its more about the weight in the end to counter act the magnetic force . Kicking myself for this purchase .
 Imagine my surprise when I saw red paint chips all over my baby 's little mouth ! Then Kolcraft is impossible to deal with!I do not keep my baby in this for long periods of time . Perhaps 15 minute periods when I need to fold clothes , vacuum , you know how that goes . Anyway , this product had been in my estimation the perfect place to put baby for these intermissions . The toys are great , it was easy to assemble . I love , love the feature that enables you to re-purpose this as a walk behind!My little guy teethes on the toy arch of this item . It is half yellow and half red . He only has 2 little bottom teeth . Then one day I was sitting on the floor playing with him while he was in this and noticed that he had a lot of red chips all over his mouth and inside as well . At first I thought it was blood , but he was not crying and did n't appear hurt . I looked at the toy arch and noticed that the red paint chips off . I took him out and called Kolcraft . The rep seemed distant and unconcerned but I was sent another toy arch , I asked the rep to please report this awful defect and her response was `` I never heard of this before . '' I asked if that could be because the product was just manufactured in 6/2005 . She did n't know!Over 1 week later , the new arch arrived , I opened it and scratch tested it and sure enough , the paint chipped off . I called Kolcraft and once again , was told I would be sent another toy arch . Perhaps they do n't get it!Thinking it was just `` Me '' overreacting , I placed my baby in this again with the new arch in place . Sure enough , he is teething on it within the first 2 minutes and like before , paint chips are around his mouth . Once again I called Kolcraft and was told that there was nothing they could do except issue me another toy arch . They are missing the point of all this and I can not seem to reach anyone there who seems to realize that we moms do not want to see the paint on our babies toys come off in their mouths and on their faces.They keep telling me not to worry because the paint is non toxic ! In my opinion , this just should not happen!Although this product has excellent features and my baby loves this , -LRB- I did too -RRB- I would look for an alternative until they get this flaw corrected .
 I purchased the Kolcraft Sit & Step and my son loved it . However , it had 3 faulty parts on it . I was a little set back by Lynn the Customer Service Representative and her attitude . The lack of concern for the defects on the product is somewhat alarming . Kolcraft is willing to send replacement parts so long as part itself was not expensive . On the box itself it has a number to call for Customer Service and states not to return the product to the store because it can not be re-sold . I tried it their way by calling the Customer Service line and found that this company needs some serious help with their service techniques.Defective Parts : Tray & Base - the Tray latch that is attached by the manufacture at the plant had a stripped screw hole . This is a safety feature on the Toy itself and Kolcraft refused to replace this part.Walk Behind Frame - Left hand back corner cracked and chipped . They are willing to replace this part . It is a less expensive part.Discovery Center Toy - After loading in new batteries and double checking to make sure the batteries are placed in correctly the toy , it did not work . Kolcraft insisted that I placed the batteries in wrong . It does n't take a Masters in Engineering to put batteries in a toy . Negative means Negative and Positive means Positive . They stated that it might be a problem with the batteries not making contact with the points . It is a known problem but they want me to send back the defective part at my expense.My recommendation for anyone buying a Kolcraft toy is NOT to deal with Kolcraft . Return the toy directly to the store.As I stated before , I attempted to do it their way to save them some expense of having the store return the toy to them but they are not willing to work with their customers . I will never again buy a Kolcraft product .
 I recieved this activity center as a gift for my 4 month old son . I did n't have problems with paint chips however the pop-up does n't really pop , it gets stuck all of the time . The other problem I see is the seat , my child 's legs were rubbed raw after only sitting in it for about 15min . The other problem is he has hit his head on some of the plastic parts and has cut himself on the plastic book edges . I think this is a good toy for an older child but not for a 4 month old .
 I registered for this when I was pregnant and received it as a gift . I wish I would 've registered for a different one now . It was a long time before my son was able to touch the base with his feet so for the longest time we had to put a box under him so that he could stand up . There is no height adjustment ! He would sit in it and play for awhile but every now and then he would start crying as if he was in pain . My mother-in-law thinks that the ball release was pinching him but we have n't been able to confirm . My mom bought my son an actual walker for Christmas and he prefers it over this . We also just purchased him a jumparoo that I am sure he will enjoy ! My advice to all parents is to shop around . You may be able to find something that will work better for your little one !
 This toy is dangerous . Once my baby got big enough for his feet to touch the ground I took the bottom off so he could use it as a rocker . It immediately struck me that the wheels are spaced in such a way that if my son threw his weight around a little too much he 'd be able to tip it over . But since I only put him in it 15 minutes a day or less and I 'm always near him I figured he 'd be fine . Sure enough it happened . He tipped the walker over and landed face first , upside down on the ground . I saw it happening and just missed catching him . He 's fine , thank goodness , but it was scary . I looked up the toy expecting to see it had been recalled but I was surprised to see it has not been recalled and is being sold here and from other retailers . This product should definitely be recalled until they make some improvements .
 Well , I really liked the toys this one offered , a neat place for family pictures and a big mirror which is always a hit . Unfortunately I did n't listen to those who warned about Kolcraft and some of the poor engineering / packing / customer service , etc.Yes , the latches on the underside of the tray do come screwed in already and mine were in fact broken upon arrival . Called Kolcraft customer service who shipped out an entire new tray , base & latches -LRB- yes , they are all connected in one big bulky unnecessarily awkward assembly -RRB- , which arrived absolutely filthy.With both the original shipment and the replacement tray/base I got the feeling that I was being shipped miscellaneous parts that were returned by other customers , sat in a warehouse for a while , and then thrown together in another box to be sold.Yes , the dual function walker is a cute idea and the toys look like fun . But I would suggest if you have your heart set on this one that you buy in at an actual store and inspect the contents of the box before buying to make sure everything is in decent shape .
 Having just received this as a gift from my stepdaughter for Father 's Day -LRB- which I coordinated with my wife based on the other reviews here -RRB- , I am especially disappointed at the horrific quality . The pieces are so poorly made that they are tilting , wobbly , and easily fall over on their own during play . Some of the pieces were cut haphazardly and the black King tilts like the Leaning Tower of Pisa . It would be funny and a no-brainer to simply return if it were n't for the shock after the positive reviews . It makes me suspect that the other reviews are placed by people at the company who makes this item . Hate to say it , but this set is crap and absolutely NOT worth the money . And I think the reviews are quite possibly placed by shills , not actual customers . Junk , junk , junk .
 This so called Deluxe Wooden Chess , Checkers & Backgammon Set -LRB- Oak -RRB- IS TOO SMALL ; THE SELLER did not disclose the size of the backgammon.IF I knew that it is too small in size I WOULD NOT ORDER IT.The seller did not want to pay the shipment cost ; SO I NEVER RECOMMEND THIS BACKGAMMON SET to ANY BODY.Sedat
 They now list this product as `` bag '' and not `` bags '' as they had listed when I purchased it . Bag `` s '' is listed three times on my receipt and that 's right I only got `` ONE '' BAG . So , if you purchase this product you 'll at least know that you 're only getting one . I purchased this from this Amazon seller because I trusted Amazon . Well , I still trust Amazon but I 'll never buy from this seller again . I had found the same product listing somewhere else on the internet with 6 bags for half the price . Again I thought well I have an account with Amazon it would just be easier to order through them . Big mistake . The shipping and handling was almost 7 dollars for ONE 99 cent item shipped US Postal . If they would refund me the shipping I 'd consider shipping it back but I do n't want to loose any more money than I already have.I did have the opportunity to `` rate '' this company and rated them quite low . The owner even E-mailed me asking me if I 'd change the rating . He never did anything to change my opinion of the company . They obviously advertised it wrong to start with because now they 've changed it.Yes , this is one of those he 's `` got an ax to grind '' kind of responses .
 This is an email I sent so a person that sent me a Fart Bomb
 I was given mine as a gift . It worked for a while , but as mentioned in another review , the instructions for charging and recharging are fussy and need to be followed to the letter . When mine within weeks ceased to be rechargable any longer , I contacted the store , manufacturer , -LSB- ... -RSB- and no one would stand behind this . Have lots of fun with it for the 30-60 days that it is likely to work properly .
 This ball was intended to be used as a teaching tool , but the water is not blue . As a result , it is difficult to use because all of the water areas are transparent and distracting . It is also only 12 inches .
 I ordered this product to use in a craft project and was very disappointed . The oceans were not blue , they were clear . The size was definitely not 16 '' . It was much smaller .
 I 'm sorry I have to say this but i did not get an invoice and two of the Globes had wholes in them . To be fair I did not send them back because we needed the other two globes for the students that day .
 Arrived in an enevelope and sure looks a lot smaller than 16 '' there are much nicer ones out there that are 12 '' and look much bigger
 They sent the clear ocean to me and it is difficult to read . But for the money I 'm not wasting my time returning it . So there you have it .
 This was worse quality than you would find at your local dollar store . It arrived withe a hole in it .
 This is a very small ball , it 's not round , it 's oblong . But I wanted it for a fun way for the kids to look at the earth . Tried to show them South America but a seam ran thru it and it was so off the map did n't line up . Worthless .
 This is not worth it ! The globe was n't even round as my husband put it it was more like a smushed apple . In the picture and description it says blue waters ours came clear ! Terrible terrible
 Is an inexpensive item so I did not expect it to be super &#34; high quality &#34; or anything , but it does not look AT ALL like pictured . It is clear with no blue whatsoever , and the continent colors look a lot different than in the picture . Definitely not smooth & perfectly rounded like in the picture -LRB- lopsided with flat area on the bottom -RRB- , but I kind of expected that to an extent . I used these as a decoration for a &#34; Holidays Around the World &#34; show at an elementary school , so did n't need perfection , but being totally the wrong color & not matching the other decorations was a real bummer : -LRB-
 This globe was cheap . It will help you point out where countries are to your child . Other than that , it is crap . It is NOT the globe pictured here . This one is clear -LRB- not blue -RRB- . It 's also smaller . It 's made extremely poorly to the point where the seam artificially squishes the countries . The most frustrating part is that it is NOT what I ordered . I contacted the seller and they told me it was amazon 's problem because amazon does the shipping . PLEASE FIX THE PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION !!
 I ordered this inflatable globe so my young kids -LRB- 1 and 3 -RRB- could have fun with a ball in the pool and perhaps cultivate a love of geography in them . And I would be lying if I did n't say that I myself was very excited about this toy . The other reviews of the item were spot on , the ball is n't even as round as a typical beach ball , the printing is horrible , and the maps are way out of date and inaccurate . Please if anyone is looking for an inflatable globe for educational or playtime value , look elsewhere .
 I was so disappointed when I received this globe and began looking at various places I have traveled . Last I checked the Aleutian Islands were a part of Alaska , belonging to the United States . This globe shows that they belong to Austl , wherever that is . Many words are misspelled and misplaced . Yugoslavia began breaking up in 1991 and this globe shows it as one country , STILL in 2011 . I purchased this toy to be used for a project for a college class but will not be using it because I would be too embarrassed to show it . If I put my name on a project I would expect the accuracy of the whole project , not just what I 've added . I needed a 16 '' accurate globe of the world and I got a squashed 10 '' concoction of inaccurate information , too late to use even though I paid $ 10.00 more for 3 day delivery . Never again ! I would have rather paid a few dollars more and gotten an American made globe than one poorly made in China ! Luckily I had also ordered another inflatable globe from another company as a back-up . That one is much better though it 's not made in America either .
 An inflatable beach ball that is also a globe could have been a huge hit by combining learning and physical fun for kids . Unfortunately this product is a poor execution on a great idea.As has been stated by many others , there are a lot of misprints , and the map is out of date by 20 years . What is more worrysome is the strong chemical smell that comes out of this product , and makes me wonder if this toy is safe for use by children .
 As I now notice other people have mentioned , this is very misleading . It 's not two dolls , it 's the front and back view of one doll .
 We laughed like crazy when this came in the mail . It looked like a black cucumber strapped to a large ceramic tile . FWIW , I 'm guessing the quality of the materials was fine .
 To be fair , this is really marketed as a toy , and as such , is probably worth the price , but I do n't think it merits the effusive superlatives in many of the reviews . It 's hard to get anything out of it except noise . The left hand reeds are so far off of the advertised C and G tuning , and so mismatched to the right hand reeds as to be irritating . Most frustrating is the inconsistent difficulty getting any sound out of some of the reeds unless you push or pull so hard that you use up all the air on one short note.This might be fun for a 3 year old who just wants to make some noise on a colorful box , but if you are hoping to introduce a youngster to the joy of playing a simple tune , you and your budding musician will be disappointed .
 Upon arrival the First Act accordion would not play any of the note keys . The two chord keys played , but that 's all . Now I have to go through the hassel of return shipment and crediting . There are just some items that must be physically examined before purchase .
 Not so simple to use thsi Fascinations Levitron Cherry WoodThe Quality Control seem to be a little bit absent here , the washer was missed , the overall quality is very low.The starter seem to be made for something else because the size of the cone is wrong.In fact after a lot of time and a lot of try I am not able to levitate the spinner.My experience is totally negative , before you buy a Fascinations Levitron Cherry Wood will be best to make a real personal test .
 This was one of my worst purchases EVER . Everyone has tried to get this to work with great unsuccess . The weights that go on top of the magnet fly off every time you try it . I thought it would be fun and challenging but turned out to be agrivating and stressful . . I actually want to send it back . So unless you have the patience of a saint and absolutely nothing else to do with your life , spend your money on something else .
 This device sounds nice and the pictures of it in operation are impressive . Too bad that had * nothing * to do with the product . I do n't care how carefully you read the directions and how dexterous you are , you will * not * be able to float the magnetic top over the base . Imagine hours of frustration and disappointment followed by stuffing this turkey in a drawer forever more . That is the Levitron experience . It may possibly work if your order the optional starter wand . If so it should be part of the standard product . As delivered , the Levitron is a complete fraud . Fortunately for me , this was a trivial side gift that everyone could laugh at when it became clear what a waste it was . If this had been a primary gift , it would result in disappointment and embarrassment .
 This was the worst model I 've ever built.I bought it hoping to learn a bit more about how an engine works , and having fun building a model . It was awful.First , the parts are incredibly ill fitting , making most steps difficult.The parts are too flimsy , with a couple pieces actually breaking on me.The directions are sub-par at best.I could 've gotten by all that , just to be done with it , but pieces were missing . Which meant I had to deal with customer service.The part ordering thing on the website has a limit that did n't meet the number of pieces that were missing.Then , when I emailed the company , the first response took 5 full business days and all it did was direct me to use the online ordering process that I already explained was insufficient . Another 3 business days , and I get forwarded to someone else . 3 more business days and I get no response . I email them again . 3 more business days and I am informed it has been ordered . 1 full month later and I still have not received my pieces . I email again . They inform me that they did n't order it , then actually did . 2 weeks later I received my pieces . I sit down to finish my model . They have shipped me the wrong pieces.I threw the model away yesterday .
 Revell could have had a winner with this kit . Instead they made a poorly crafted model in which the parts do no fit together well . It 's bad craftsmanship and frustrating . Stick to Tamiya models . They are well made and have great customer service ; I once found a part missing in a Tamiya kit and e-mailed them for a replacement ... It arrived within days .
 While I had not purchased this lousy model through Amazon , I felt oblidged to leave a review that I hope will be useful to anyone who would consider spending a good amount of money on a model that might very well end up in the garbage , as mine did.I bought this model for the explicit reason to share some time with my son and hopefully teach him the basic functions of the internal combustion engine . Upon opening the package , I realized that first I had to make a special 30 mile trip just to pay an extra $ 16 for the epoxy glue that the manufacturer had required for the build . As cumbersome as working with the epoxy glue on 1mm nuts was , it was actually more pleasurable than realizing that the pistons did not even snap together properly and were splitting in their halves in the cylinders . The instructions were pretty vague and what I found most annoying is that few of the parts fit together properly . An expert modeler familiar with various tools would clearly have to refasion the molded parts to create proper fittings . Some of these modifications would be required on previously bonded parts , so I imagine it would become quite messy and possibly destructive to the final product . I spent about three or four hours working on this model before I finally decided to scrap it and the costly epoxy glue . A big disappointment and I will certainly never purchase a Revell model in the future .
 I imagined that this would be a good father/son project . However , I had to build most of it alone . If you appreciate precision fit , you wo n't find it in this kit . Epoxy is not fun to work with . Cementing little metal nuts to plastic and then finding later that the holes do n't line up can be extremely frustrating . Eventually , I got it together . It works , looks impressive , etc. . However , this is not the ideal project to create a bonding experience between father and son ... unless you have some M-80 's , lighter fluid , or a sledge hammer .
 I ignored the other bad reviews and bought this item anyway . I have been working on it night after night trimming pieces and cutting them trying to make everything work correctly . If you just want to put an engine together without it functioning correctly then get it , if your a perfectionist and want this thing to work perfect you may be suicidal by the time your done lol
 This is a very difficult thing to put together I have literally put together real engines easeyer than this the enigine does not go together like a real one nothing fits right and does not make any sense over all it 's a pice of crap save your money
 It does n't fit together well at all ! The instructions are not well written . Very frustrating . It 's going in the trash . Really too bad because my son and husband were very excited about this project . All it did was waste hours and patients .
 Parts do n't fit , lots of flash everywhere , a VERY difficult model to assemble with a lot of re-work needed.Great educational value , but save yourself some grief and pass this one up .
 I bought this because my son is always asking how an engine works , I thought this would be a great project for him and my husband to do together . The build is so difficult and there are so many parts I do n't know if they will ever finish it . I wish that the amount of parts and the build time to make it was less .
 The plastic parts in this model are manufactred so horribly that they will not even come close to fitting . This needs a TOTAL redesign so that a kid can actually have fun assembling an engine and learning something . Using epoxy is an absolute mess too . Because of these problems it is IMPOSSIBLE to build a decent looking model - if you are lucky enough to even get it finished . DC
 I bought this for my grandson 's birthday and apparently it was the hit of the day ! As far as I 'm told it will be fight between Dad & son as to who gets to actually build it !!!
 I bought this kit with the intent of assembling it with my 9 year old grandson . It was to be a good , fun learning experience for him . After reading other reviews that cited problems with inadequate fit of the metric screws and nuts that come with the Chinese manufactured version , I purchased SAE hardware along with epoxy , plastic cement , etc. before starting assembly . Although my grandson is very capable for his age and I am very experienced in hands-on projects , we soon ran into difficulties due to poor quality control of the plastic stampings . One part in particular which serves to support the crankshaft and camshaft at the front of the engine block was so distorted that it would not fit at all . There was no way to properly screw it on so I eventually had to epoxy it to the block in the best position I could . I then had to lengthen the camshaft to get it to fit in the block and have the timing gear mesh properly with the gear on the front of the crankshaft . I did this by cutting the camshaft near the end and splicing in a metal sleeve with epoxy . Other parts are fitting poorly . We are less than halfway through the assembly process and it has already turned into a time-consuming reengineering project for me rather than a fun project for my grandson . My recommendation is that you not waste money on this kit unless you are prepared to deal with similar issues . The price is very high considering the poor engineering , poor quality control and cheap materials .
 This model is absolutely junk . Nothing positive to say about this product at all . DONT BUY IT ! Nothing fits together at all , pieces warped and molded poorly .
 I bought this for my grandson and was not able to assemble it even though I consider myself pretty good with building models . The kit required the use of epoxy glue which was difficult to work with , the parts did not fit together well and was generally poorly designed .
 I am a very patient guy and this model kit has destroyed it all . Do mind , that is a given when using glue that there will be some kind of mess . Regardless , the way the manufacturer created all the parts I expected little to no REDESIGNING of parts . I quit building this 3/4 of the way once I realized I will never get the pushrods to actually function with the valves . The plastic camshaft bends the pushrods instead of pushing it up . The pushrods do not even contact the valve lifters.On the brightside , this monumental project does look good after u get the cylinders in and watch the motion of components.I will not recommend this to any of my peers for it is a doomed project from the start . Plastic components are just not made accurately nor precisely and will never fit together unless you make a living re-engineering a catastrophe .
 I remember the original with little lights to represent spark plug ignition . This is a cost-reduced copy of poor construction and badly fitting components that require a LOT of post-mold re-engineering . It 's a great learning tool , but a very badly produced copy of the originaly excellent quality model . I would recommend it only in the sense that it it appears to be the only one available , but it is by no means the quality that Revell used to deliver . Over-all , I would not buy it again .
 Despite some of the bad reviews , I purchased this to build with my son . From the first step , this was a disaster . The tiny nuts that were supposed to fit in to the base did not fit for the most part . They had to be filed and cut to accommodate the nuts . The rest of the steps were not any better . For a model that cost $ 50 , this was a tremendous disappontment . I also noted that the people who gave positive reviews did not specify that they built this .
 I built one of these as a 14 year old and learned quite a bit about how an engine works . Either my memory has gotten worse or this product has . I do n't recall as a teen -LRB- about 35 years ago -RRB- that this thing was so poorly made . The parts do n't snap in or line up properly and there is way too many things that do n't fit easily or should have been done for you , i.e. glue nuts in tiny notches . All in all , I was quite frustrated and disappointed . Too bad because it has great potential .
 The package states the model is 12 inches . It is more lke 6 inches . Very small and very difficult to get the pieces to fit .
 If you are not an expert model maker do n't buy this toy . You will need the skill of a watchmaker to put this thing together . The use of epoxy glue instead of model cement is a real pain . The best epoxies set in 5 min . The miniscule nuts do n't nest properly and it 's hard to keep the epoxy out of the nuts . This model will take days to complete.Good luck !
 I bought this expecting it would be like the old Revell model I knew as a kid ... Alas , it is a poor copy . No motor , no lights , lame instructions and cheaply molded.I should have read the reviews first . Teach me .
 Horrible model . I was really looking forward to this with my son . Very poor quality . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I thought this would be a good learning experience for my twelve year old son but it turned out to be a bust . The glue that was required and not included was difficult to use and he ended up glueing his fingers together . We purchased another engine that works just fine and did n't require any harsh glue !
 THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE WORST PIECE OF JUNK THAT REVELL HAS EVER PRODUCED IT SAYS ADULT SUPERVISON REQUIRED I 'M 78 YRS OLD AND MADE MANY MODEL 'S FROM THE TIME I WAS 8YRS OLD INCLUDING LIVE STEAM LOCOMOTIVES PARK SIZE THAT WILL HAUL UP TO 15-20 PERSONS . I GUESS I MUST BE REVERTING TO MY CHILDHOOD IN MY OLD AGE BECAUSE IT WAS ALL MOST IMPOSIBLE TO MAKE PARTS FIT TOGETHER WITHOUT A LOT OF FILING AND SANDING THEN EVEN DID ' T FIT VERY GOOD DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK ...
 THIS IS SO LAME . IT ONLY RECIEVES CALLS FROM 2 MILES OR LESS ! PLUS IT HAS A BAD PICTURE AND IT IS IN BLACK AND WHITE ! AND THE CAMERA IS SO BAD ! ALL MY FRIENDS MAKE FUN OF ME BECAUSE THEY ALL HAVE REAL CELLPHONES AND MY MOM JUST DOES NOT UNDERSTAND THAT EVEN MOST KIDS IN THE THIRD GRADE HAVE REAL CELLPHONES ! UNBELIVEALE !
 I got chatnow for christmas and and loved it and all the cool features until I tried to communicate with a friend I coulld not recieve `` any '' signal and it is ok for communicating on the same property but to communicate with a friend that lives some where else you practicly have to be some where with no trees or anything in the path of the signal-the phone over all is cool but its communicating skills do n't work for me .
 I am VERY disappointed with this toy . The box hypes it up to be just like a cell phone going so far as to say `` no fees no bills '' but it is just a glorified walkie talkie . A button has to be pushed on the side , just like a walkie talkie , to talk . The only thing that sets this apart from a walkie talkie is it takes `` pictures '' . It is hardly worth the extra price though considering the pictures are barely recognizable.The only good thing is that if the children 's friends have the same toy , they can add their code to the list and `` call '' them . All this means is they get a ring to pick up their walkie talkie.Bottom line , this company should n't push this toy as being like a cell phone because it is not . It is a walkie talkie .
 This is just a cheap imitation of a regular cell phone.If you really want a phone do n't get one with poor pictures that are in black and white or something that is totally rediculous.You 're are better off with a regular cell phone with a color camera.Besides it 's a waste of money to buy a kids toy while all of your other friends have real cell phones with real cameras with clear pictures and good sound .
 This is probably the dumbest toy i 've ever seen since the bratz babyz chill out lounge -LRB- which did n't work -RRB- . You can only call up to a two mile range.PUH-LEASE ! Your better off getting a regular cell phone.Besides the pictures are so dark you ca n't even see it.Like I said before with the two mile range , suppose your out of town , can you can anyone , NO ! , because it would be long distance.I would n't buy this phone.I think it is a complete waste of time and money .
 I purchased this train for my two sons who wanted nothing else but an electic train set for Christmas . What a disappointment . The lifts for the track do not securely fit into the underside of the tracks which results in the lifts slipping out from under the track and the train falling off the tracks . After attempting to rig up a way to secure the track , we set up the train . The engine arrived broken . The electrical component was loose and was sticking outside of the train . We had to fix the train before we could use it . Each time the boys want to use the train , we have to spend much time rigging it in such a way so it will run . Once we get it going , we 're lucky to get the train around the track one time without it falling off . I would NOT reccomend this train set .
 We bought this train set despite some misgivings after reading the other reviews . Boy , do we regret it . The train ran for about 10 minutes before the wheels popped out of it 's base . For the other 91/2 minutes we were constantly putting the train on the track . If it was not going absolutely straight it would fall off . We finally settled for only the engine because we could NOT get the freight cars to stay on . What fun is just an engine ? After telling our son that the train must have been banged up in Santa 's sleigh we returned the train to Amazon -LRB- without any problem -RRB- . Then we went to a real train hobby store . We told our son that Santa gave mommy and daddy money for a new train . The owner of the train store could not believe we bought a HO scale for a 7 year old . He suggested O scale and either an American Flyer or Lionel . We bought an American Flyer freight train in O scale . This thing is so solid it could go through a hurricane . Or three little boys . At 220 dollars it was a whole lot more money but well worth saving up for . The set is so easy to put on the track that even the 4 year old can manage it . The engine and freight cars have some real weight to them and are very well built with terrific details . Not even a comparison to the power charger . Like comparing glass to a diamond .
 I purchased this train set for my son for Christmas . The details on the cars , tracks and extras were beautiful and the quality of the set as a whole was great ! But ... it was SO frustrating to operate . You have to have the cars lined up EXACTLY on the track to make them move . When my husband was having trouble lining up the two sets of wheels on one car to get it to go , I knew we were in trouble . When we finally had things moving , we added a few cars - they fell off around the corners going only at medium speed . Great quality , Poor performance is my rating .
 I got this item for a special event and the night before the event it just decides to not work ! I did all troubleshooting and nothing worked . There was power to everything and once the engine would touch the track it would not work !! So I spent the entire night before driving miles to find an electric train since this was to be the center piece for the event !!! So disappointed !!!!!
 Life Like train sets seem like good value for money on the surface , but the reality is that you get what you pay for . As train sets go they are very temperamental and really not designed for kids under 8 years of age . In fact , most they tend to test the patience of adults too -LRB- I must have placed the train on the tracks at least 40 times in two or three hours -RRB- . The track needs to be almost perfectly flat , the train wheels perfectly aligned with the track . If the train goes too fast it will come off on the curves , if the train goes too slow it will stop between track sections . The train carriages themselves are not very well constructed , certainly not made to last . The engines though are fairly sturdy and capable of pulling many carriages -LRB- just do n't try to run the train in reverse - the carriages will pile up and come off the tracks -RRB- . This particular set with the elevated track does not stay on the track when used with the bridge . I had to create an oval loop to get it to stay on for any period of time.My advice , after hours of frustration and a disappointed son , would be to buy a different brand and -LRB- different scale for youngsters under 8 -RRB- . I am returning this set and buying a O scale Lionel instead .
 Very poorly made , bought this for my son for christmas . Description said easy interlocking pieces . NOT SO !! very difficult to put track together . The track does not stay together . Very disappointed !!
 Microscope Pen 100X magnificaiton uses 3 lens system to correct for image orientation . I bought one and since it uses 3 lens array system the resolution is very poor . There is a glow/blurring around the festure edges . I tried the Optima xP from Serenity Technologies -LRB- www.serenitytechnology.com -RRB- it has higher magnification power 120X and uses prism optics which is ideal for high resolution application and was able to get crisp clear image and observe sub-micron features . I would not recommend the Microscope Pen product , since for the same cost one can get a better product from Serenity Technologies
 It was hard to keep the conecting tubes to stay on to each of the ant farms . The sand was hard to pour in and made a mess and there were n't enought of it in the first place . Also , the ants died quickly and my son , 6 at the time , lost interest in a few days .
 Please avoid purchasing this product unless you are ready to explain to your children the concepts of death and dying . After waiting over 2 months to receive the ants , they arrived in tiny tubes with ants and their numerous body parts smeared on the sides of the tubes . They travelled without food or water . Only 12 ants out of what looked to be 30 made it . Four were missing limbs . The ant food ordered extra never arrived so I gave them a mango sliver -LRB- small -RRB- and water . I lovingly would watch and pray that they would survive but they died one by one . The living ants piled up the dead and nervously avoided that area . The ant farm was a SAD , PATHETIC example of how we allow animals/insects to suffer at our hands on a daily basis . No matter how well I took care of them , they were doomed from the start . A friend purchased this for me . I would have NEVER bought this product but felt compelled to handle the situation . Please reconsider this item . Ants are living creatures-NOT TOYS ! They are not disposable/replaceable ! TEACH compassion . Uncle Milton never responded to my email concerning this matter .
 We purchased this gift for our five year old because he has loved catching catrpillars and feeding and setting free the moth that would amerge . Little did we know were setting him up to learn about death in such a vivid fashion . It was just so cruel to find out that these ant would not be living and breeding , just tolling without purpose and dieing.I would not recomend this item for anyone of any age .
 The ants all piled up in the tubes and died . It was very hard to feed them and they all ran from starvation into the tunnels and died there .
 I bought this for my daughters birthday and to our dismay there was no ant certificate to send in for our ants . I have tried and tried to contact Uncle Miltons and the line is constantly busy . I am going to return this and purchase another brand .
 rec ant farm in Nov , still waiting for the ants , they where ordered from the form on the kit , and still have not rec them ... so have not been able to use ... do n't order waste of money .
 Adequate for larger -LRB- 5mm to 10mm -RRB- ants , but definitely inadequate for smaller ants . There are just too many holes and gaps for the ants to escape -LRB- and not just the air holes on top -RRB- , though admittedly the instructions said the container was n't made for small ants . Disassembling the village to get to the accessories was somewhat difficult and resulted in some damage to the inner cylinder , though not enough to allow the sand to leak out . The portion with the farm buildings was purely decorative and otherwise has no function . I also found there really was n't enough sand to fill all the containers to their recommended levels . I did not mail away for the ants so I can not comment on that.Overall , I found it kind of deficient in overall construction and parts . In comparison , Geo Safari 's AntZone was better constructed with more accessories , though Uncle Milton 's has the advantage of being expandable .
 This was Ok to put together , but it 's hard to explain to little ones why all their ants died-WASTE OF MONEY !!
 I ordered the ants first of april ; ants arrived mid may . When they got here , most were dead . What few were alive died within a few days ... now 3 weeks later , I have one ant alive and he is struggling . I have followed directions precisely . My daughter is sorely disappointed as insects were her Science study this year . We are really disappointed that this did not work out and it was wasted money . I would not recommend it at all . Use your money wisely .
 Nice appearence
 this is horrible i bought 1 for my daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- and it brock her friends jaw !!!! it also bopped on the 3rd day ... DONT BUY THIS TOY !!!!
 My child had a lot of fun with this the first few days she had it , but it 's appeal has worn off since that time .
 I found the toy was made of cheap manafacture and broke the same day at least it should have contain a repair kit
 They only lasted for a few fights before the air leaked out of one of two of them
 these toys are so much fun , and the injuries are very minor . i have a sock 'em boppers tourey with my friends and we have only suffered 4 concussions from the fights in almost 5 weeks . the best part is when they pop and instead of punching them with an air filled fist , you actually hit them very hard . the next best part is when the seams break open and start hissing out air every time a blow is dealt . along with the minor injuries come broken noses , open head wounds , and even fractured ribs . so far , there has been 18 people who have gotten the wind knocked out of them . although these injuries sound severe , they are all worth it when you beat the crap out of your best friends , and they wake up a week later with no memory of it . i love them .
 My three year old enjoyed this toy immensely while it lasted . Unfortunately , two pairs popped within a couple of days of owning them . If they were more durable , I would have voted higher .
 It poped in the first 5minutes but those five minutes were fun But it does n't last it should be like five dollars
 everything was fine but they could not last more then a few fights ... one of them popped right away and another soon followed after that one . cant use them anymore ... the patch didnt work for too long after we put it on
 My kids both really like them however I did not like the price for what they are . The boys played with them Christmas day and the next day they popped . Trashed them !
 DO NOT GET THIS TOY it is the worst excuse for a humanoid robot and only walks around then falls down before you know it . Get the real robosapien v2 it is alot better .
 DONT GET IT ! Be patiant my young padawan learner . Wait for the REAL V2 ! THe mini ... it just ... walks ... and stuff ... Hmmm ... Sounds ... like fun ...
 unlike what it says in the description , the pieces are not wooden , they are plastic . I bought this chess set because I thought that it would all be made of wood .
 I bought this set as I wanted a cheap wooden set - nothing fancy . . The pieces on this set are so light that if you just slightly brush a piece when trying to move another piece , that and five other pieces will fall over - the pieces are simply too light - it is impractical.Suggest you buy a plastic set or invest a little more in a decent wood one .
 I was disappointed in this kit I bought for my grandson , while watching him play with it the key directional magnet broke . It was attached only by a thin thread of a wire . He was using it as it was supposed to be used , it worked for only a couple hours after being put together . Now we are trying to fix it so it can be used again .
 If your kid likes throwing things , this toy is perfect . The magnets are a perfect size to be thrown by little hands . The pendulum thingy is made of cheap plastic , but I gave this toy two stars because it must 've been delicious , as it was the first thing our puppy chewed up . Metal base came bent , so , we never actually got to enjoy this toy for its actual functions . This thing was a stocking stuffer , not a main attraction , but I would n't buy this again . Not even as a gift for a family that I hated ...
 I was really excited for this to give to my boyfriend who is a physics teacher . However , when he tried to put it together , he realized that the screw that was sent with this item does n't even fit through the hole of the base ! And the base is all scratched up ! Unfortunately , we are very dissatisfied with this item : -LRB-
 The R.O.M.P. has been a disappointing purchase . I do n't recommend it . My 12 yr old daughter had a Newton 's CradleNewtons Cradle - Largethat she loved . It was endlessly fascinating to her to drop the ball and watch it seem to ricochet off both sides . When the cradle finally broke , I thought I would find something different , yet similar . That is why I bought the R.O.M.P. . The R.O.M.P does what it was advertised to do , but unfortunately it turns out that this is only -LRB- mildly -RRB- interesting the first time you see it . This is n't the sort of toy/device/equipment that you will find yourself playing with days later and then again days after that . Note that the pendulum is a pendulum-like ; as on a grandfather clock , it is straight and stiff , not flexible like a string or a chain . I do n't know why but I think that it is something about the pendulum 's straight stiffness -LRB- as opposed to the flexibility of a string -RRB- that makes this toy less arresting than it might be .
 Cheap , moves for about 5 seconds ... Waste of money ... will most likely break within a week . You will be disappointed if you buy this cheapley made toy . .
 Okay , first off , this is n't a kid 's toy . For a band who did a song called `` Puppet Boy , '' talk about a missed opportunity . I do n't know any kid who 'd want to play with figures of five guys whose music his/her parents even thought was out there . It 's for pathetic eedjuts like me who know more than just `` Whip It '' in their canon and want the spuds in plastic icon form.The problems with these toys ? 1 . The bloody energy domes do n't fit their heads . Whoever was molding the figures ' heads should have decided either `` New Traditionalist '' era or `` freedomofchoice '' because you ca n't have both . Yes , freedom from choics is what I want .2 . Outside of their heads and arms , ZERO articulation .3 . No instruments .4 . Whips for all five members .5 . Outside of Mark , and maybe Bob # 1 , I ca n't tell who 's who -LRB- I know the drummer is n't Alan , else he 'd have glasses on too -RRB- .6 . The autographs are of the three Mothersbaugh boys -LRB- Mark , Bob and Jim -LRB- original drummer for Devo -RRB- and Bob Casale . NO JERRY .7 . These things are HEAVY!This figure set is mainly meant to sit on a shelf and do nothing but collect dust . That 's de-evolution in its purest form . A toy you ca n't play with and do n't want to play with.Signed , General Boy er , epsteinsmutha
 My daughter received this for christmas . She was thrilled . We placed the egg on it and it opened right away without any prompts . It did this for about three times and then would n't open the egg anymore . I assured her we probably need to put fresh batteries in and then it would work . Not so , I replaced the batteries three times to be sure that was n't the problem . Then I exchanged it . That one never opened an egg at all although it did go through the prompts . I was able to find extra eggs and out of desperation , opened them with a screwdriver . My daughter truely loves the excitement of finding out what animal is in the egg . She would really love this if I could manage to get one that works . I think the maker of this toy needed to test it out more . It has been really dissappointing !!!!
 My daughter got this for Christmas . Opened 4 eggs before it broke that day ... would go through whole sequence of buttons to push and then say the egg was hatching but would not open . Exchanged it for a new one . That one never opened an egg . In addition , I had been looking for extra eggs for weeks prior to Christmas to go along with the set and very hard to find . So , great concept , but poorly made . And , once your kid goes through the ` hatching ' process a couple times , they can cheat the system by just pressing the buttons quickly and works just as well to hatch the egg . At $ 5.00 plus and egg , your kid hatching them in less than five minutes for a small plastic animal is not very exciting for us parents ! The play value afterward is very minimal . I wanted to like this but a dissapointing venture .
 The car didnt work properly , it only went in circles . The package was new & it did not appear to be damaged . There is a `` wheel alignment '' button but it only caused it to circle from the left or to the right.NOTE
 One of the criterias for I chose this car was the SIZE !!!! in the product description was specified 12.6 x10 .6 x15 .1 . When I received the car I could not believe how small is . The real size is
 This product was garbage took long to arrive for being a pen the pen look nice in picture but was oh so 99 store quality just cheaper than imaginable the pen did n't work to begin with tried to open it to Comment if I could fix it . It was held together with scotch tape . parts started to fall off as soon as I opened it just a waist of money time so disappointed just plain garbage.I would of returnd it for
 My girlfriend ordered these love rats to be sent to me for my birthday , one of them showed up but the other was missing.I contacted the company but did not get any response . While the one rat is kind of cool - it clearly says they come in pairs.Kind of a rip-off if you ask me , my girlfriend is pretty much devastated that only one of the couple arrived .
 The product description says ` Frog and Toad Together Frog Plush Toy , 9.5 . ' A more accurate description would be ' 9.5-Inch Frog Plush Toy From The Books By Arnold Lobel . ' I reasonably thought I was getting ` Frog ' AND ` Toad . ' But I got just ` Frog . ' Nobody wants just one . Should be sold as a pair . Product description should be fixed .
 Just received this product and was excited to let my 3 and 4 yr olds give them a whirl . First problem
 This is the worse product we received this entire Christmas season . For $ 42.99 you would expect the toy to work for at least one day ... it has never worked . I replaced the batteries , but that did n't help . We used the included PC software to customize the phone for my daughter , and downloaded the information to the phone . The phone never `` calls '' her , and when she tries to play with it , the sound is either very VERY faint , or the `` conversation '' with Barbie does n't make any sense - sometimes she just says one word and that 's it .
 This toy is the most useless piece of junk that we have ever purchased . It really does NOTHING worthwhile - makes a dumb phone call every hour or so when you ask , Barbie says one or two words and THAT 'S IT ! This toy does NOTHING else.I ca n't believe what a rip off this thing is and that Mattel would find it worthwhile to sell to the public.If I could give this thing zero stars , I would .
 I am collecting all NFL replica mini helmets , what i got from this purchase was micro mini helmets . These are smaller version of the ones i have been buying . The description was not correct the word micro was not in the listing . Returned both helmets hope there is no issue with the return .
 My nephew wanted this for Christmas , so I purchased it . For the cost , I really expected a miniaturized version of the real thing . What I got was a plastic helmet with decals that were n't even fully adhered.The packaging is nice . The inside plastic creates a display case for the helmet.Still , the look and feel of the helmet is like something I 'd see on the sale aisle at a discount store for $ 8.99 or less.If this was n't a present he specifically requested , I would definitely return this .
 I 'm surprised with the other reviews and 5 and 6 yr olds loving this . I myself got frustrated with it , not because it 's difficult to do but I think it 's ridiculous how many times and how often you have to change the yarn . I thought it would be rainbow yarn where she can just start threading and keep going . Nope . Each color has it 's own thread and you have to thread the needle , then you go through 4 holes and have to change the color , go through 4 holes and change the color , go through 2 holes and change the color , etc. . You spend more time changing the yarn color than actually doing the needlecraft . We were very disappointed .
 I purchased this product for my 6 year old daughter for Christmas . I thought it would be an excellent project to keep her occupied and focused . She was so excited to receive it . When we opened the box , there was NO YARN . I looked carefully to determine whether I was suppose to buy yarn . The box decription says that it comes with plenty of colorful yarn . It did not.All I got from this gift was a very disappointed 6 year old ! I would not recommend that any parent/grandparent/aunt / uncle purchase this gift for fear of seeing the same sad look on your loved ones face !
 I purchased it for my 6 year old . Since I have quite a bit of needlepoint experience , I thought it would be good introduction for my daughter . She got quite frustrated after 30 minutes -LRB- she is pretty patient child -RRB- . She spent around 90 % of time on changing yarn . Than she tried to go by color , but then the quality was n't good -LRB- you could see other colors through the holes -RRB- . Next day we tried regular needle and fabric and she did great . Neither I or my daughter would recommend this toy .
 This is difficult to do and having to pay so much attention to how you loop takes the fun away . My 6 year old niece handed it to me and said , &#34; You do it . I do n't understand . &#34; I tried to get her started but the directions are poor . It is probably still sitting in the box unfinished .
 Thought I was getting a brand new Duckie ... Was old and beat up and full of dirt !
 I bought this for my son -LRB- who has put the big Roboraptor on his Christmas List -RRB- and regretted it within 15 minutes of getting it home . It barely walks , even on our hard wood floors . It sounds like the whir of cheap gears that it is . It has no real `` personality '' or `` moods '' and is now just collecting dust . My 11 year old got tired of this toy in about 5 minutes . Not even my cats were scared by this thing.Overall , this was a complete and utter waste of money .
 Well , a few days back , I got this `` robot '' along with mini robosapien . I opened Robosapien first , and excitedly popped in the batteries and turned it on , but all it did was march forward until it crashed into something . Lame . Next , I tried this guy , but he did n't do much more . In a nutshell , he walks in circles , and swivels his head and tail . He can move his arms and open his mouth , but that is n't quite how it sounds . You have to move his arms manually , and opening his mouth requires pushing a button on his chin . it may be fun for a few minutes , but compared to the true Roboraptor , he 's just a toy . I 'm not calling this a pitiful mess , but I recomend that if you do buy it , you use it as a companion for the big one .
 My 8 yr . old son spent birthday money on this toy , because he was told it `` did '' things by another child . All it does is walk in circles on hard surfaces -- not worth the $ 15 he spent . He was extremely disappointed and felt he wasted his money .
 I got this toy for my 11 year old . He was very excited at first but when playing with it he said it was boring . it does n't have a remote and `` all it does is walk '' and you ca n't control where it goes .
 DO N'T BUY ! it barely walks and u have 2 open its mouth by a button and move its arms by hand . i would buy anything but this .
 I bought two of these roboraptors for my grandson 's . One of them did n't work at all , the other barely walked and only on a smooth , flate surface . The one that did work , only worked for a week . Very disappointed grand kids and grandma !
 The toy does n't work at all . broken in many places . legs do not work and falls over.My son was very upset , .
 My son just bought one of these with his own money and it is a complete piece of junk . It is cheaply made , and while the legs move , the robot does not move forward at all . It falls down on even low pile carpet , and just moves it legs without being able to move forward on tile or hardwood . The worst toy I have seen in the robo junk series .
 My son bought this with his own money , he was so excited . We put the batteries in and nothing happened . We turned it on and off , changed the batteries shook it . Nothing . It was very disappointing and heartbreaking to see the look on my 5 year olds face when it did n't work .
 So my two boys have saved up all of their Chuck E Cheese points over the past year for a `` big '' prize . After deliberating what to get with their 2000 points my sons decided to get this Mini Roboraptor.When I got it home I popped some batteries in and could n't get it to work - seems that the battery contacts are not well situated and I ended up putting a piece of aluminum foil in the compartment to get it to run . I quickly screwed back the cover and flipped the switch on before I put it on the floor . My 6 year old son came over , looked at it , walked away and said , `` that 's boring '' . My 9 year old son said , `` I ca n't believe they charge you all this money for a toy that does n't do anything '' . With that said , I 'm not even going to waste my time going in to detail with my review . This is a cheap toy that could have easily been a wind up walking toy . It 's pretty bad.I feel bad cause Chuck E Cheese does n't take toy returns so we 're stuck with this thing and I would hate to even sell this at a garage sale to another kid who may become disappointed.Bottom line
 My son has always wanted roboraptor . I -LRB- and Santa -RRB- would n't buy it for him . so when he saw mini , he said he would buy it out of his own money . I let him . He -LRB- and I -RRB- thought it would be a smaller version of the larger toy ... it is n't . It just eats batteries and moves its feet and turns around in a circle.I think the company should be ashamed for using the name of an expensive and popular toy to fool kids into buying this toy . I bought one to give as a birthday gift at the same time and frankly , I had to return it because I did n't want to set the recipient up for the same disappointment that my own son went through.On the plus side , my son is learning the valuable lesson that no matter how cool toys look on TV , they rarely turn out to be that great in real life . AND ... the WOWEE company has ensured that we will not be wasting any more of our money on their very lame toys
 It walks . No , it does the moon walk . And its spins . And spins . And spins .
 It 's my own fault for not checking the shipping , but I thing almost $ 7.00 shipping is a bit much for a set of marker not even worth $ 3.00 . Wo n't make the same mistake .
 1 . Fell appart within a few months of casual use because of poor welding .2 . Caps protecting sharp-edged screws fell off within a few weeks . As a result , my kids scrathed their legs when they used the hopper . I had to pick up balls with the hopper myself -LRB- untill the hopper fell apart - see above -RRB- .3 . Difficult to convert between the pick-up and upright positions .
 I should have read the critical reviews more closely . This is a wobbly ball hoppper from the start . It is very hard to lock the legs in place . In doing so , you almost need to empty the ball hopper and muscle the legs into the locking mechanism . The caps of the nuts fell off the first time I tightened them . It is not cost effective to ship the item back so I will keep it but will not buy from Wilson again .
 I bought this one after my previous ball hopper broke . This replacement is reasonably priced , but you got what you paid for . For me the major drawback is that to lock the legs into the prop-up position , you have to push them pretty hard into those locking tabs -- I have to put them down on their side on the ground and use both hands to push them in.Another thing is that the basket is held together with screws -LRB- you have to put them together yourselves with those screws , so some DIY involved -RRB- . I do n't mind the self-assembly part -- many products do these days . The issue is that there are no locking washers included -- two of the screws already become loose and I have to tighten them again . I am afraid that one of these days they will become loose again and be lost -LRB- my wife and kids also use it , and they may not pay attention to these details -RRB- .
 The hopper arrived by UPS . The box looked like a mess with parts to the hopper sticking out the sides of the the shipping box . I opened the box within the shipping box , and as I suspected from the looks of the box , found the hopper badly damaged . It was bent in several locations and the welds were broken . I tried to put it together but it was useless
 Buy everything but not this Wilson basket . Its screws are loose from the very first day . They drop and get lost frequently , then your basket falls apart and the balls scatter on the court . Do n't waste your money and your nerve for this item .
 The parts to hold this thing together continue to come off and loosen making the basket a total piece of junk .
 The hopper is not as sturdy as I had expected . It is very difficult to change configuration from a hopped to a basket . The rubber on the sleeve have already come apart after a few uses . Disappointed with purchase . Look for some other hopper if you need a sturdy and reliable one .
 I bought this ballhopper because it was the # 1 selling ballhopper on Amazon . I just returned it .1 -RRB- It does NOT hold 75 balls . Maybe it hold 65 but as balls come in cases of 72 it ended up with 8-10 balls rolling around the back of my SUV .2 -RRB- During assembly the `` caps '' popped off all four `` capped nuts '' leaving four open ended side bars that did their best to rip up the carpet in my cargo area .3 -RRB- It is VERY hard to pop the legs in locking slots when using the unit as a stand .4 -RRB- Because it did n't hold 75 balls , the top would never stay shut . I had to use a twist tie.Just ordered the Gamma 75 Gold and that seems to be a much better unit . Check it 's page in a few days for a review .
 I use this basket several times a week . It drives me crazy every time .1 -RRB- Washers/Screws falls off and basket falls apart . Fixed it with zip ties but I did n't buy this to have to do that .2 -RRB- Handles constantly popping off . No fix for this.Please save your money and buy something else !
 I bought this item because of the Wilson name and what looked like convenient , sturdy construction . Putting it together was easy enough , but it turned out the legs did not lock in place because the span of the hooks was smaller than that of the legs . My husband was able to force the legs into the hooks but then even he could n't unhook them easily . I envisioned 70 tennis balls spilling out across the court during such a struggle . I exchanged the item , thinking it may have been a fluke , but its replacement was exactly the same . Not only that , one of the bolt caps broke off when my ten year old daughter was hand tightening it . This is not the quality I expected from Wilson .
 1 . way too heavy .2 . not easy to convert between picker and basket .3 . screws are always loose .
 Bought tennis hopper , one week after use the welds on the arms broke on one side , now it is useless . Weak link is the welds .
 First off , we bought two of these because of price , size , and look . They are cavernous and hold a lot of balls . For the occasional player that may use it a couple times a week , emptying and filling the hopper a couple times each use I am sure that this hopper would hold up.Unfortunately we use these every day , and fill and empty the hoppers at least 20 time a day since my wife teaches lessons . Here are the major drawbacks :1 -RRB- The nuts come loose very easily and will rattle off and get lost regularly . This requires constant attention so as to assure that the nuts remain in place and tight . I finally bought some thread lock to prevent this , but it was still frustrating to have to purchase something else to make these hoppers functional .2 -RRB- The welds that hold the leg holders to the basket are very weak and WILL break . Quite frustrating that after 2 months of use one of these is unusable .3 -RRB- There are 2 clips per leg to keep the hopper from tipping over , or the legs slipping on the ground . These are nice , but because the clips are too close together for the legs it is only practical and convenient to use only one of them for each leg . Trying to force the legs into place is very inconvenient.Overall I would not buy this product again . Nice , but for the amount of times we use it , it is not rugged enough .
 I purchased it to go with my ball machine . It is flimsy and does n't work as well picking up balls as my GAMMA . One good thing is that it has a clasp to keep the handles from falling down which the GAMMA does not have . I am going with a GAMMA next time .
 I was disappointed in this product because , requiring some assembly -LRB- which is OK -RRB- it did not fit together properly and my daughter , who is very handy , had to improvise to get it into workable condition.Wilson Ball Pickup 75
 This item lasted me two days . Both locking tabs on one side -LRB- allows it to stand up -RRB- came off very easily , and it 's now unusable ... going to try the plastic one from Unique ...
 It has served me well for years but it has also ripped some cloths and scratched my car do to the sharp metal locks on the bottom . There are better ones for sure . I give a more detailed post on my blog - > -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this 1/350 Trumpeter model to complete my `` Battle of the Denmark Straight '' . I have already built the REVELL Bismarck , Prinz Eugen , Prince of Whales and the HMS Hood . Of the 4 models the Hood was the highest priced and the lowest quality . Compared to the REVELL Bismarck the Trumpeter Hood is sophomoric . The details are basic on the Hood where as the REVELL Bismarck has details far above and about $ 30.00 cheaper . If you want an over priced sophomoric kit this is your choice , if you 're trying to build a realistic scale model buy another kit .
 its pancake face barbie its like you go to but som powder on and awwwww theres a face in my makeup lol atleast bratz have real heads and i gave 2 starts for durable because if u sit on it it wont got flat
 I saw this toy online , and I definitely wan na get one . I really like to do makeovers , but my mom wo n't ever let me give her one - I mean , you can wash it right off ! She just refuses anyway . That 's why I wan na get this toy ; so I can do makeovers by myself ! Doing things like this is an opportunity for me to show my great creativity .
 This item looks creepy - it 's a face sticking out of a container ! I would definitely get a styling HEAD with a body , not a styling FACE in a makeup compact .
 I was very disappointed in this product . Nowhere in the picture or description is anything to lead you to believe that this car comes mounted on a cheap boring stand . Seller was unwilling to refund unless I returned item at my own expense . Seller was quite clear that they knew their description and picture of item was inaccurate , and they expressed no interest in correcting this dishonesty ! Also , item is not as well made as description would suggest . For example , front hood barely opens . For an item that is over $ 40 with shipping I 'd look elsewhere if I had it to do again .
 I just took this sheet from the package , washed and LINE dried it . The threads on the sides have already pulled out and it looks like I 've owned it for years . Since it has been washed and was a gift , I am stuck with it . But I will not buy another one - and will probably have to replace this one very soon .
 I do n't mind these blankets , but they certainly are not what I expected . They are very small , not very soft and really are only patterned on one side . I would n't consider them to be receiving blankets so much as burp cloths or something like that . I have some other cotton and fleece receiving blankets that are just lovely , but these I would maybe only use when the baby was very tiny and needed to be wrapped in something very light , or as I mentioned before use them for burp cloths .
 My husband and I registered for the Wamsutta receiving blankets and picked this type because of the quality brand name and due to we were satisfied with our adult bedding from Wamsutta . When I opened the package it was already too late to return the item due to it 's only in a plastic wrap , I was upset to see the poor quality , thin and chintzy fabric and also skimpy size . If I 'd known better I would have picked another brand . If they are already small now how will they be when I wash them ????
 Please , please , do not waste your hard earned dollars on this terrible product . I should have returned it right away , as soon as I opened the package . These are not blankets , by any stretch of the imagination -- they are little , thin rags . You can practically see through them . After you wash them , it gets only worse -- they are little , wrinkly , crumpled up , thin rags . I would be embarrassed to work for a company that turned out such a substandard product .
 Unlike other reviewers , I was n't too upset by the quality of these blankets -LRB- I live in a hot climate and like the fact that they 're thin -RRB- , but was unable to use them to swaddle my baby because they 're much too small . I now use these blankets as burp clothes and as head supports for my baby rather than to swaddle ... sort of defeats the purpose .
 I saw that other parents were disappointed , but decided to get these blankets anyway , because normally Wamsutta has excellent quality . They are soft , but the first time I washed them , they changed shape , and loose threads sprung out from every corner . Size was n't a problem , because I have premature twins , but if I want to hold them both under one blanket , I have to use the Carter 's blankets . I guess the moral is ... . you get what you pay for .
 After you wash them the first time , they get crooked and uneven trapezoid-shaped . Try folding those and having them look and fit nicely in the drawer . There are three brands at Babies R Us , this one , Gerber , and I think it is Koala Baby ... they are all better than this brand .
 We really did n't care for the small size or lack of softness of these blankets . Of course , they 're ok for placing our son on during changes and while in his bassinet . The patterned printed blankets kept a ` crusty ' feel even after repeated washing . Buy Cheap-Buy Twice ...
 We bought this toy for our son for xmas . Initially , the copter was flying beautifully , hovering really high . After a few charges , the copter stopped holding the charge and would not fly over a foot off the floor . We tried to replace the 9 volt battery with a brand new one but this did not fix the problem . Needless to say , it lasted only 1 day . A lot of fun yet disappointing performance
 I bought this for my grandson in October as a Christmas gift . When he opened it up he was very excited b/c he had wanted one since he had seen them demonstrated in the mall . He charged the battery , took it outside and the saucer part melted and shorted out . He never even got the thing up in the air , and to top it off a company name or address is ` nt located on the box anywhere to contact the company for a replacement . My rating for this toy is a *********** ZERO ************* !
 Bought this toy in Times Square NY yesterday on holiday from UK . Despite telling them that they told me it simply needed batteries , and failed to point out that it had a rechargable plug in bit . With 240 V over here , even if we can get a plug adaptor this toy will not work for us . Very cross with staff for not pointing that out , and one very sad 9 year old having lovingly carried the toy home . Any suggestions anyone ???
 My son 's hovercopter was probably flown about 10 times max and then all of a sudden it just wo n't work anymore . NO really bad crashes or explanation for it to stop working , it just did . Very disappointed .
 What a waste of money . After day three this toy went into the trash . The company ought to be sued for -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I bought this for my daughter . We flew it maybe 7 times inside the house . The motor stopped turning fast and it would not get more than 2 '' off the ground . I apologized to my kid for buying it.When it worked , we had fun , after that , it was just trash . Maybe you will get a good one , maybe you will not . I would not buy another .
 it sucks man i cant even get mine off the floor , the thing only goes up like 2 inches and then crashes and flips just dont buy it !!!!!
 My 7-year old received this toy for his birthday and was very eager to try it out . The initial charge worked , and he was able to fly it for a few minutes . After that ... it stopped working . We tried charging it the next day , and it would n't charge again . Unfortunately , the box was thrown away , so we could n't even return it . My son was pretty upset about it . Apparently we 're not the only ones who experienced this problem . Do n't buy this toy , and if you do ; be sure to keep the box and receipt for a while ; most likely you 'll need to return it !
 I bought this for my son and it worked fine for about a couple hours . The housing for the propeller broke and it would n't fly . I called the 800 number back in December and asked for a new one its april and i still have n't recieved one THE COMPANY DOESNT EVEN CARE or they 're just so backed up and sending the products back to people because none of them worked.THEY 'RE ALL WORTHLESS PIECES OF CRAP
 I bought 2 of them both of them stunk they didn ' t work . I hate both of them .
 i purchased this for my son 's birthday . it would not leave the ground . we followed all the instructions closely . i returned it to the store and got another . same thing happened . it 's a really cute idea . but just dose n't work .
 Bought three of these from the NYC store last week for my cousins . They all worked great for the first 2-3 minutes . After recharging , all spun but did not take off.Very cool idea , but an extremely bad product . I wonder how they made it work in the demo.Keep your receipts and the packaging .
 The hover-copter is worthless junk . My husband purchased one for my son for Christmas and it flew for about five minutes before it broke ... the propellor woud n't stop spinning even after the remote was turned off . I called the 800 number and after an incredibly long wait was told to return it to the toys r us or they would gladly ship me a new one for $ 8.95 -LRB- shipping and handling -RRB- . I exchanged it at toys r us for a new one , charged the copter , put in a new battery and the new one does n't work ... this time the copter does n't respond to the remote . I called the company off and on for four hours and when I finally got through the guy did n't have any suggestions other than to return it ... which I will gladly do . Save yourself the hassle by not buying this toy . It is unfortunate that I am unable to give this product zero stars because that is truly what it deserves !
 It 's an intriguing concept ... a hover copter you control by remote and can use to play games , do stunts , and race against other hover copters . But you ca n't really do any of that with this hover copter . The remote controller only allows you to control its speed ... it does n't allow you to control the direction of the hover copter . So it goes up and down without a problem or you can make it hover in mid-air at a slower speed ... but as far as moving it left or right , it does n't do that . I do n't know what kinds of games or stunts you could do with it . A neat concept , but poor functionality overall , and the blade is n't the safest for any kid ... at full speed , a hand in the plastic blade hurts quite a bit . I do not recommend this item at all .
 I bought it for my daughter . It was fun for the first day , after that it had trouble holding its charge . It would fly for about 3 min . Then the styrofoam began to have cracks in it . Finally , the propellor kept falling off and it would not get off the ground at all . All this happened in the course of 5 days with normal use !! It was fun while it lasted . Buy it only if you consider it a disposable toy !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my five year old son . It broke in 20 minutes ! I thought it would be the styrofoam body that would be the first to go but I was wrong , it was the propeller !! It just stopped working ! It would spin but it was spinning the wrong way ! Yeah , so now this thing is broken and my son is crying because he barely had a chance to play with it . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 IT WORKED IN THE HOUSE FINE AND AS SOON AS WE TOOK IT OUTSIDE IT WOULD N'T GO UP IN THE AIR . DO N'T USE IT OUTSIDE !!!
 The big problem with our Hover Copter seems to be that the propeller blades touch the surface of whatever its taking off from . As a result it gets stuck and then flips over on take off . A take off from a smooth surface with lots of room seems best but not on an asphalt road either .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas without looking at the other reviews -LRB- I must have ordered it at 3:00 a.m. or just lost my mind because I thought I always looked at reviews -RRB- . My husband was as excited as she was and headed outside as soon as it was opened and charged for the time the directions ordered -LRB- 10 or 15 minutes ? -RRB- . My husband came inside and said it was not getting more than 2 inches off the driveway and plugged it up over and over again trying to get it charged . I finally got on Amazon and looked at the reviews and realized we did n't have a defective one , it seemed that they were all pieces of junk . Well , I told my husband what I had read and we just forgot about it and left it plugged up for 5 days . I decided to go ahead and try it one more time and whoopee it went up 7 feet and crash landed before we got the chance to clap . You can charge it for 15 minutes and get it to work one time and NEVER more than 10 or 12 feet . I was going to return it but by the time I paid the shipping to get it here and back and the charge by Amazon to process it , it would n't be worth returning . While the Hover Copter charged for 5 days I felt so bad over the disappointment that I bought a Hover Disc . One lady had said in a review that it was great fun and if it got a hole in it you could just repair it with scotch tape . Well , I guess she was right but she also said she played with it with her young children . I guess she played indoors because our girls took it outdoors and ran in screaming about how awesome it was and then less than a minute later -LRB- before I got a chance to go to the door and look at them play with it , they were back in trying to patch a hole . Within 5 minutes it had so many holes that they could no longer find all the holes to patch it with . They were just playing in the yard with it and each time it hit anything several holes were poked in it . I asked them if they hit a tree or anything and they said it hit the driveway several times but only hit the tree two or three times . The thing has 50 or more holes in it . I could understand it if they had thrown it directly into the tips of the tree branches 50 times but not just the driveway and the grass . If the toy gets holes in it from hitting the grass and driveway , perhaps it should be advertised as an indoor toy and then people with huge homes with 20 foot ceilings and nothing breakable in it could buy it for their children . What a waste of money on both toys !!!
 The concept is really cool , but the toy is disappointing ! We returned this twice to Toys R Us because the remote control did n't work . The motor refused to spin . Do n't even bother - your kids will get really excited about it , but it either wo n't work , or it will break .
 I purchased 2 of these , one for myself and one for my daughter . After charging the recommended time , the first hovercopter flew wonderfully for about 3 min. , then it could no longer get itself off the ground . So I plugged it back into the charger . Despite repeated attempts , this hovercopter never took a charge again and eventually was unable to spin at all . Spash 1 hovercopter . -LRB- 49mhz -RRB- -RRB- Opened the second hovercopter -LRB- 27mhz -RRB- ... charged it up the recommended time ... would n't spin at all . Then by luck , my daughter squeezed the 49mhz trigger she had from the first hovercopter . And it worked ! So the company must have package mis-matched transmitters and receivers . This second hover copter flew beautifully , and flew for almost 10 minutes . This time , the hovercopter was able to be recharged multiple times . Now comes the bad news , the next morning , this hovercopter showed the same problems at the first one . It could no longer take a charge.Both are being returned today .
 Do n't buy this toy.We followed the directions , charged the hover copter but the propelers never really spinned fast enough to get it off the floor.Horrible toy - we wated the money and got a disappointed little boy
 The toy takes 15 minutes to charge and then runs out of steam after 5 or 10 minutes which is very frustrating to a 10 year old boy .
 The Hover Copter is a radio-controlled , toy that flies inplace , kind of like a helicopter . The design however looks like a strange frizzbee which is supposed to represent a UFO . In thecenter of the disc is a red light and on the outerside of the disc is a blinking multi-colored light . Since the disc spins while in the air , the lights look really cool . The controller looks like a toy gun ; it has a single trigger . When the trigger is squeezed the Hover Copter lifts into the air . I liked the fact that it comes with its own rechargable battery and takes only 15 minutes to recharge . After each recharge , you 'll get about 7 minutes of playtime , with the Hovercopter . It 's very simple to use this toy , but it has three major problems :1 - it is not very durable . this toy is made of styrofoam material it will break easily ! 2 - any slight gust of wind will knock it off course , so its better to play with it indoors ! 3 - the worst thing about this toy is that you CAN NOT control which direction it flies . It flies on the direction is wants randomly -LRB- which defeats the whole purpose of having an R.C. toy -RRB-
 My 7-year-old son LOVES this toy , but it really is n't worth the price . It takes at least 15 minutes to charge and then the charge only lasts about 2-3 minutes . It flips over easily which means you 're constantly running after it to right it so it will fly again . It would be worth it if it were cheaper , a good `` dollar store '' toy . Very cheaply made .
 Stay away from this toy . Charge lasted about 2 minutes , then you need to recharge for at least 15 minutes ! Directions do not tell you to place it on floor or ground , when you are launching it .
 I also bought this for my son 's birthday . I thought it would be more durable . It is mostly styrofoam and breaks easily even when being careful not to crash it on anything hard . You will be lucky if it flies for 5 minutes per 20 minute charge . Most of the time your lucky to get it to 10 feet high . Once in awhile my son got it up 20 feet . He was excited about that , but it would never do it more than twice per charge . After two days of use , the styrofoam was so broken , he could no longer play with it . Look 's like a neat toy , but its cheap and flimsy .
 First off , it 's STYROFOAM ! Giving a styrofoam toy to any child is just a guaranteed return item in itself . I got this for my sons 8th birthday . He broke it within 3 days . It is a great concept , its a really fun toy , but its FOAM , which means it is very easily broken . He used it in grassy areas , it goes high , its really a neat concept . I really hope they can figure out a way to make it more durable , I 'd definately purchase it again , but with the whole bottom base being foam , you ca n't really expect this product to last for a very long time . You are n't able to control its landing and it just slams onto the ground unless you hit the trigger for every couple of seconds so it does n't just drop but it will still hit the ground.It states 15 minute charge for 5 minutes play time , but in the 2 days it worked , I would n't say that after he came in to recharge it that it really lasted that long.I DEFINATELY would n't recommend it for anyone under the age of 6 due to the fact that the propeller underneath is right at the edge , unprotected , and like my sons friends were trying to grab it while it was running.It really was a cute toy for my son -LRB- and for anyone within the recommended age -RRB- but I really hope they can change the design to make it last longer than 3 days .
 Although it captures the energy and imagination of our 4 year old -LRB- he asked for the toy for his birthday -RRB- it is a lot of `` work . '' He is smart enough to unwrap the toy , plug it in , charge it , work the redundant on-off switches , play with it -LRB- indoors mostly , where it performs the best -RRB- and recharge it after five minutes of banging around or hovering at the ceiling . There is little hope that you anyone can guide this toy . It elevates and will eventually fall because of battery power , obstacles , or no guidance systems . We have returned one to ToysRUs because the remote trigger broke after one week . To be fair , it still fascinates our four year old . Our parental expectation is that it will lose charging ability or become damaged sooner than later and join the toy graveyard . So , if you can afford it and your child will see it as fascinating despite chasing it over and over again to relaunch it , spend the money . Otherwise , an older child will probably see it 's limitations and tire of it or break it quickly .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON 'S B-DAY . HE PLAYED WITH IT CONSTANTLY FOR THE 1ST WEEK . ONLY ONCE DID IT EVER GO HIGHER THAN 2 FEET . THE REST OF THE TIME , IT BARELY HIT 3 INCHES , AND THE PLASTIC PIECE IN THE MIDDLE OF IT IS CRACKED . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . !!!!!!!
 My daughter was so excited to receive this after seeing them flying at the mall . Big disappointment ! They must have several there -LRB- the mall -RRB- for back up , because it takes 11 minutes to charge and only 4 minutes before having to recharge . Two of the four minutes the thing flies while the the last two are spent hovering on the ground.It is made of styrafoam and and has to take off from a flat even surface . There is no steering , just up and down motion . Be extreemley careful outdoors , the wind will blow it into a neighbors yard , very easily.I would actually pay $ 2.00 or $ 3.00 for the Hover Copter . I wish I had n't paid the $ 19.99 . Do n't Buy It !!!
 My son recieved this as a gift . He was so excited at the time , after seeing all the commercials on TV . Well , the first charge lasted about 10 minutes , and he enjoyed the flashing colors that the HoverCopter made . After the first charge , we immediately recharged , and each time it lasted about 5 minutes . As stated in other reviews , the toy is made of styrofoam , and is very flimsy . What a disappointment . I would not recommend this toy to anyone !!!
 i got this toy and it needs to be recharged first it didnt leave the ground and when it did ih was out of battorys ! its only playing time is 1min if you want to have it then get the better one
 i am a 9 year old boy that wanted this toy.I mowed lawns , cleaned gutters , raked leaves , washed cars , waved signs , handed out flyers , dumped garbage for stores , made sure people wiped there feet before they entered there store , washed peoples windows , i had a dog walking buisness , i watched pets for people , i recycled bottles , cans , newspapers , i colleted change from off the ground , got groceries from my grandma.I did all of these things every day.About 2 years later i had collected 800 $ . I was very proud.I decided to buy all of my friends 1 of these.i bout 40 of them and my parents paid for tax.When we all went to try them out only 8 of them worked!Then 6 of the propellers died out in the first 20 min.The other 2 proppellers died out in 1 hour.WE FULYL CHARGED THEM.I worked so hard to get what them for my friends.I will now kno to not buy any of thos epiece of crap things cuz they suck soooooo bad and i wan na soo the friken maufacter > THEY HAVE NO IDEA HOW HARD I WORKED ! ~
 Was supposedly new but had been opened according to sell -LRB- susiesattic -RRB- It was a birthday gift for my grandson . You can imagine mine and his dissapointment when he opened it on Dec. 28th and the switch on the controller was broken off and missing . Seller 's reply was we had to respond within 3 days of purchase which was not possible . Would advise no one to order from Susie 's Attic I certainly wo n't .
 My wife just bought this toy for our daughter , since it looked so interesting . The first night , we all had fun playing with it . By the next morning -LRB- after charging it all night -RRB- , it would only lift about two or three inches off the floor . By that afternoon , the battery would no longer accept a charge - the toy was dead . After tinkering with it for about an hour , I gave up and had to console my daughter 's tears . From reading previous reviews , it seems that some are lucky enough to have bought one of the saucers that was assembled with little or no flaws , and others -LRB- most of us -RRB- are unlucky enough to purchase a piece of crap . These toys are poorly assembled from the cheapest materials available -LRB- including the so-called `` rechargeable '' batteries -RRB- . Unless you 're a gambler , stay away from this way-overpriced toy . Buying junk like this will only end up breaking your child 's heart .
 After seeing this copter at a XMAS party , I was impressed enough to order two on line for a low price . They arrived fast . One did nothing at all and went right back in the box . The other revved up ; but was so wobly and out of balance - would try to hover and then flip over ! -LRB- They are VERY delicate and made of lightweight styrene foam -- so they can `` fly '' -RRB- . I was disappointed and I 'm guessing the two I saw at XMAS party were flukes . Not worth the trouble and I doubt one can expect a better model in this design . A double return - not even sure if I 've been credited back the cost of shipping return .
 Our first Hover Copter broke on my 8th birthday -LRB- the day I got it -RRB- . Our second broke in the first ten minutes we played with it . We were gentle as could be and it would n't work . We 've bought lots of toys and this one was by far the worst !!!!!!!!!!
 The real problem with this kitchen is that it 's very boring . There just is n't anything to do once it 's set up.The toy is like a wall of kitchen . The wall has a refrigerator with opening doors , lower cabinets with a built-in oven -LRB- none of the doors or drawers work - they are just molded in -RRB- , a counter with a sink , a window with cute fabric curtains and 2 open upper cabinets with silverware drawers below . The back of the fridge and open cabinets is cardboard with printed food.The fridge has side by side opening doors , a molded icemaker , and 5 shelves . The set comes with many tiny accessories , including food , pots , pans , plates , utensils , and a blender.But there 's nothing to do ! Once you organize the accessories on the shelves , there is nothing left . No table to set , no chair to sit on . The oven door does n't open , and there is n't a cooktop to set the pots on . So the only activity would be to put some dishes in the sink and `` wash '' them.The quality is nothing special . Just molded plastic , though they do have a few cute details . The cardboard backing slips out occasionally , and has bowed on our set.The doll is a basic , blonde Barbie who wears denim capris , a print top and an apron . Decent enough doll , but not a reason to select this set.Bottom line - save your money and choose something that 's fun to play with .
 These were stickers , would n't be a funny joke to make someone scrape a sticker off their paint job . I had hoped these were plastic decal type
 Product does n't retain air over any real length of time and is not round but more of a `` bean bag '' ball shape . Very disappointed , I suppose that 's what you get for the price .
 Broom is cute and perfect size for child . The only negative is although the broom appeared to be fairly well constructed , the string weaved through the broom holding it together was not tied off . It appears that when it was made , it was just cut close to the broom . We pulled it back tight but could n't tie it off so we used a little glue - do n't know how long it will hold .
 I know it 's been said before , but the bristles are not of a natural material . Why did n't I read the reviews before purchasing ? This broom works but it is not inspiring . My expectations were too high !
 it has a nail exposed around the bottom of the broom right above the coil it can cause cuts to hands and fingers .
 MY OWN FAULT FOR NOT READING THE FULL DESCRIPTION . BROOM IS CUTE TO LOOK AT . BRISTLES ARE SO FIRM THAT THEY BREAK OFF WHEN USED TO SWEEP . THEY SPREAD OUT VERY QUICKLY . CAME IN A HUGE BOX AND HAD BROKEN BRISTLES ON ARRIVAL . THEY ACTUALLY HURT IF YOU PUSH AGAINST . NOT RECOMMENDED FOR A VERY YOUNG CHILD . MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER DOES LOVE TO SWEEP BUT DOES GET FRUSTRATED WITH IT WHEN THE BRISTLES BREAK OFF . KEEP AWAY FROM PETS .
 The broom is ok , but if you have light colored walls , you will have blue marks EVERYWHERE . It 's not worth it . If you must have this broom . sand down the end of it until the paint is gone .
 My 5 year old son received this in his stocking and it broke on the first day he played with it . The plastic shaft on the suction cup snapped right off after a few throws . He was very disappointed and wondered why they would make a ball that broke so quickly after being played with .
 Like some of the others , my son played with this for a short time when it broke . And , no matter how we threw it , it never popped open in the air . It 's a cool concept , but does n't perform as well as the manufacturer suggests .
 The ball broke after 5 minutes of play . The suction cup that allows the ball to be flat for awhile broke off . Definite design flaw . My kids weredisappointed .
 This product provides further proof that you get what you pay for . While it was less expensive than competing products , it came with very little documentation , and our first attempt to refold it resulted in it 's becoming permanently deformed . We were able to restore it to a marginally usable condition , but we never tried folding it up again . Spend a few more bucks and get a better product .
 Given Easton 's solid reputation , I had high hopes for this practice net , but I returned it after my son used it once . For baseball hitting drills -LRB- soft toss or tee -RRB- , the 5-foot height is just not adequate . My nine year-old son regularly hit the ball over the top of the net , defeating the purpose -LRB- and sending a ball into the wood siding of my garage , as we have a small yard -RRB- . The net is too small to place a tee very close so as to avoid the height problem , as the batter will end up hitting the side of the net on his follow through . Most importantly , the construction quality is lacking . I tried to fold the net up exactly once , without success . And while I did NOT bend the metal frame , I did manage to somehow reorient the frame inside the nylon sleeves to the point that the net would no longer stand up and became unusable . Pop-up nets of this type are compromises for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't want to invest $ 250 in a net . My expectations were realistic , but this product completely failed to meet them .
 this net is NOT for kids with a 60-75mph fast ball pitcher , it however would be best suited for ages 5yrs . to maybe 11yrs . not for teen age tho . wish they would age rate .
 I have had this net for less than one year and my 7 & 8 year olds put a hole thru it hitting baseballs off a tee . The pitching target catcher straps are all broken . The quality on this is horrible . I will not buy another Easton product because this was so bad .
 The product is very well designed and very useful for my daughter to practice softball pitching but onabout the 5th pitch she threw the upper left hand strap that holds on the target snapped and is now being held on by a safety pin . I wish you would replace that for us and then maybe I would give this an excellent .
 Metal frame twisted the first day we set it up . No way to twist back rendering the net useless . Now has to be tied up against a fence which defeats its purpose . Junk .
 Just a poor net when compared to the rest . Yes , it 's cheaper than most and there is a reason for that . If you are using it for hitting , even 5-6 year olds will occasionally hit the ball over . If you are 6 ' 3 like me and get any lift on the ball you 'll never hit it in the net without actually hitting the net.Get the jugs if you want quick set up or the big mouth if that is n't as important .
 I coach Little League and bought this to use in our yard for my son and at practice with the team . This item is really nice , except for one critical flaw in the design . The thing folds up like one of those frustrating car window shades , where you have to grab it from both ends , twist it , push it together , and sort of fold it in on itself while holding your breath , crossing your fingers and praying to Jesus that you did it right that time -- which 8 out of 10 times you do n't and have to start over . But let 's assume you 're a major-league , super pro , expert car shade folder-upper and you 're like `` Hey , no problem '' . Well , after a few successful fold-ups and un-folds , the plastic strips that give this net its structure -LRB- the ones you 're having to twist to fold it up -RRB- twist around inside and get all misshapen so that eventually it wo n't stand up straight because the internal support structure is all tweaked from the folding process . So the darn thing leans to one side , all cock-eyed and silly looking because all the innards are jacked up . So here 's the bottom line
 I bought this net for my boys and after 3 months fo use , the frames are becming weak and the net is not holding up . The height of the net is about 80 % of what is used to be and it looks terrible . As others have recommended , do not buy this product as it is a very poorly constructed product . Pretty dissapointing considering it is a Easton brand product . This product definitly puts a stain on thier brand image .
 Do not waste your money . My 13 year old son used it for less than an hour and the elastic attachments broke .
 Let me start by saying I own a lot of Easton products and am , for the most part , very satisfied with the quality . With this specific product I can not even come close to saying that . The tabs that hold the net in place broken very quickly and I needed to come up with a solution on my own . Now , after the unit was stored indoors all winter , every time you hit the ball into the net it tears a hole in it . I called Easton for assistance and they told me that first of all the net can not be replaced alone , you need to replace the entire unit and secondly it comes with a 3 month warranty - to me that says you do not believe in your product . To say I am less than thrilled in an understatement
 The first problem is that you can not fold the thing up . Then the sock net does not last either . I broke two of the straps so that made that useless . I got frustrated with it today trying to fold it up and bent the frame and threw it in the trash . It just makes me sick that I spent $ 79 on something that flimsy and cheap . Buy the jugs net instead . It is better and it will last you forever .
 The very first time my son kicked a ball in the net a stability bolt that holds the whole thing together broke and popped off and was unrepairable . ;--LRB- We have sent it back and will shop for one we can see the quality before purchasing.Thanks , Andrea
 I ordered this for my 14 year old son to practice pitching . 24 pitches into using it and it was broken -LRB- center ` target ' torn -RRB- in two places . I requested a return and Amazon had another one sent out immediately . The second one has last about 100 pitches . It is has torn in the same place as the first . The target is held onto the the main frame by an elastic band with a hook on it . The sewing of the band to the material of the target is so bad that if a ball hits in the are , it will snap.Do not buy this item . It is a total peice of junk . Spend your money on something of higher quality and hopefully it wo n't be such a piece ...
 This net was wonderful for the first 2 times we set it up and folded it back into its case . After that , it was impossible to fold back into the case and the steel frame became permanently deformed . It is still somewhat usable but by no means is the `` portable '' net that we were hoping for .
 I bought this product for my son 's birthday in order to help him improve his pitching ability . The net was pretty easy to set up , and he was very excited to get started using it . The net seems pretty durable so far , though the spikes do not stay in the loops to secure the net to the ground too well . We have to keep re-staking it . However , the main disappointing aspect is that the pitching target attachment -LRB- which is the main reason I bought the net in the first place -RRB- has already ripped . It has four side straps with hooks to attach to rings on the side ends of the net , and two button straps on the top that attaches to the top end of the net . The net came with one of the side rings missing , so we had to attach the target 's side strap to part of the net . My son had only had this product for a couple of weeks , and one of the side straps had ripped off the target attachment . The target attachment is now askew due to not having all the straps , which is very frustrating since my son has only had this for a couple weeks . I will definitely be demanding a new one or my money back , and would not recommend this product if your main focus for getting it is for pitching .
 This was great until it was time to take it down . The instructions are very bad . They jump from a picture of the product basically being bent in half and then the next picture shows the product totally coiled up . As a matter of fact , the next three pictures show a completely coiled product in different states of the guy pressing it from knee height into the bag . The coil process is n't clear at all though . Like other comments on this site , the end result is a twisted up frame if the coil perfectly by itself . The instructions even state , `` Alternate sides will coil into a circle and overlap each other . '' Oh yea ? And what if they form a freaking oversized oval instead of circles ? `` The net will almost fold by itself . '' Um ... ok . Anyways , if you plan on leaving this up in your yard , it 's a fine product . If you have someone around that owns one and can show you how to fold it , you may want to give it a try . Otherwise , prepare for a frustrating time attempting to put it away , with the end result being a twisted up frame that is pretty far from the original product .
 This item was purchased as a &#34; gag &#34; gift for a colleague 's going away party . Unfortunately , although the package was received in good condition , without signs of stress , with proper packaging and no signs of prior opening , there was no sound when operated . The fish was supposed to move , head and tail , in to music . Whether battery operated or with the included plug-in power source , the fish only moved . It would have been hilarious at the dinner , since the recipient was a hobby fishermen . Tool late to return it , since the individual was moving overseas in days , the defective product was a big aggravation . A separate email was sent to JMarcos Co alerting them to the problem , without a reply . The message was not emotional , just simple and factual . A response of apology would have been nice . An offer to offset some of the the total expenditure would have been appropriate . Buyer beware .
 Disappointed in the purchase . Batteries were left in the unit which corroded and left a large amount of rust resulting in the item inoperable .
 My In-Laws bought this for my 2 year old son . It 's very hard to fill because the walls just fall over until there is at least 3 inches of water in it -LRB- and even then the walls are n't standing up straight -RRB- . My 2 year old could n't get in an out on his own because the sides are high so there was a lot of lifting him in and out of the pool . Also it 's hard to keep clean .
 In my defense , this monstrosity entered my abode recently with other LPS sets that I actually coveted and won on ebay ; in my bidding fervor , I did n't even notice this above set included in the lot - if I had , I would have had a crucifix readied at my front door . Certainly works well ... you can hear the cat `` slurping '' from the bottle rooms away . Cat is placed on metal rod on heavy , battery-operated basket , magnetic bottle is placed to cat 's pie-hole , and the result ... well , let 's just say that I am reminded of the guy that Rizzo takes to the school dance instead of Kenickie in the movie `` Grease '' .
 When I got this for Christmas I was really excited . After setting it up to see what it looked like and tested it out . After testing we -LRB- my dad and I -RRB- folded it up as per the instructions and placed in the bag . The next day I took out to set it my garage and the frame was bent . After hours of trying to get the frame straight again I realized it was broken . I returned to store and am going to buy a different brand . DONT GET THIS NET !!!!!!
 Do not buy this product ! It does not hold up to repeated folding and unfolding . It worked great for the first 2 times , but then it starts loosing structure . It comes apart during hitting and does not stand up any longer .
 Unfortunately Easton has ` struck out ' on this net . I used it for 3 seasons and it just would n't fold up correctly after about the 4th time . the wieght of the net and poles along with the cumbersome/awkward setup makes this net a failure from day one . As a coach I would advise against this net . I got it on a deal for 69.99 but it was n't worth the many headaches I experienced . Also , if my son would soft toss to me it would barely hold up to my swings and I by all counts am a doubles hitter not a homerun hitter . Save yourself the headache and look elsewhere for your portable batting needs . There is a reason this product gets so many 3 star or less ratings .
 I 'm writing to express my severe displeasure with the A162 926 , 7 ' batting net . I 've had absolutely nothing but problems with it from the time I removed it from the packing . To begin with the instructions are misleading as to the simplicity of putting the netting back into the carrying case . On no less than 4 occasions I 've attempted to fold the net just as pictured only to end up wearing as a hat ; each time I 've spent more than 30 minutes working on it . Yes , I found this quite funny , too , the first two times . Just to prove to myself that it 's just not me , I asked a teammate to try the same with the same results . We ended up getting it into somewhat of a semi-circle and securing it with zip ties making it hardly easy to transport and rendering the carrying case useless.Secondly , it falls apart about every 10 swings . Even with balls being hit directly into the center of the netting , the pins pop from the posts and the net collapses to one side . As far as the posts securing the base , I realize they are only as good as the soil supporting as to its ability to absorb the force and torque of the ball hitting the net.I 've given the net the benefit of the doubt as I might have something to do with incorrect assembly but with multiple players trying the near exact same thing I 'm putting it down to either design flaw or it was not design for adult use contrary to the pictures depicting its use.I would not recommend this for adult softball use .
 This is an extremely poorly made net . `` Improvements '' made to the original model are faulty . The net barely stands up after minimal use do to poorly designed connector assembly -LRB- essentially a washer with a nipple -RRB- .
 does n't stand up any kind of wind , I got mine two monthes ago and now it is twisted and not in the original shape.I wish I could return it .
 Bought this for batting at home in June ' 06 . Works great only if set up on a slight incline -LRB- hitting slightly down hill -RRB- . On flat ground , or any type of grade going up behind the net , it falls down at the slightest wind . Actually it falls down even when set up ideally with the most moderate of winds.Balls normally kick out of this net rather than staying inside . Also , one of the two folding polls had the metal nipple part push back up into the poll , which I have to pull back out every time I set it up.do what 95 % of serious teams do -LRB- go to any baseball or softball Travel tournament and you 'll see -RRB- , and get a Jugs Insta-Net for only $ 10 - $ 20 more .
 I am an engineer , and a fairly mechanical person . This net is just too hard to get set up and take down . I returned it after the first two times I tried . They should revert to the style that they use for outside tents . I had an Adidas net , but after three years it broke , and I can not find it to replace anywhere .
 This is a decent net , easy to pack and unpack , but its completely useless if there is any wind blowing . How often is there NO wind ! I have tried to use this net for practices and pre-game warmup , but its just too big of a hassle if there is the slightly bit of wind.I would recommend this product only if you intend to use it indoors .
 I own this net and it stinks ! Actually it 's okay when you first get it but then the poles have these little washers that fall out making the thing useless . This not just that I happened to get one bad net . It 's happened to everyone I know that has purchased this net . Friends , other coaches , even my daughter 's high school softball team had bought this product and it did n't last a season . As an added bonus when you call customer service they say the parts are unavailable , as in they do n't sell replacement pieces . You 're on your own.My advice ... . BUY THE JUGS NET ! It has no poles and is easy to work with . At first I though it would be difficult to deal with but after looking at the instructions -LRB- duh -RRB- it 's actually quite simple to open and fold up .
 I purchased this net at The Sports Authority and have used it religiously for only about a year for baseball soft toss . About a month ago tears started to appear in the netting . Now the product is unusable and I am looking for something that is more sturdy . Until the netting began to tear , I had really liked the product with a few issues . Wind knocks the pins out easily and the two supporting bars become displaced . I can look past those problems if Easton would use better quality netting . I would not recommend this product if you plan on using it frequently .
 I purchased this product based on the claim that it is portable and the ease to fold down and store . The first time I used it it took me nearly 20 minutes to get it to fold up and store away . There were many occasions where I was unable to get it to fold up at all , and ended up just leaving it outdoors . If you leave it folded too long the frame starts to get distorted . A major disappointment ...
 This was the poorest quality of furniture we have purchased in a long time . It arrived with the front board cracked - we were so desperate to have a bookcase with these small dimensions , we were wiling to accept this , but then some of the holes were n't drilled correctly so the shelf was not straight . Overall , this was a big disappointment . This was the first time we have ever returned a furniture item .
 It is quite unfortunate but the quality of this product is less than ikea . The hardware was defective and the board quality is paper thin . I am going to try to get a refund because I am so dissatisfied with this product . Two thumbs down !
 We bought this for my son 's birthday because he is obsessed with bionicles . The pawns are really cool in hard clear plastic . The puzzle piece board seems intriquing and fun . But who knows what is what ? There are a billion punch out cardboard discs -- they are keys to this , the evil obstacles , this that and whatever . The directions , plot , is branched in many directions . We just wanted to sit down and play instead of reading , re-reading , and trying to figure out what they are talking about ? This purchase was a major disappointment unless we can make something up using a fraction of their pieces ? If someone knows how to play this bloody game , please comment . It will go to my email . Thanks !
 The original wheel hubs on my Traxxas rustler wore out , so I replaced them with these figuring because they were metal they would not break as easily . While they have not Broken yet , they do not fit properly on my car . I have swapped them all out to make sure I was n't putting them on the wrong wheels , but they do not fit snugly like the original wheel hubs . They do n't snap on and while will hold alright with the wheels on , they will fall off if you even tip the car slightly sideways when the wheels are off . They have not been machined properly and I would not recommend buying them . I bought another pair of the stock hubs and have put them back on , leaving these as a last minute spare , because they just are not good . I wish I could of gotten my money back .
 They show a pony in the picture . But You wo n't get it , just be careful when you think you will get the dining set and the pony . If you mistakly bought it . Just keep it . You will only get partial refund which is half the buying price .
 These pieces are fine unless your baby bites his/her toys -- umm , every baby I know ! -- which may be why they are recommended for 2 year olds , but I am having trouble imagining what 2 year old would play with this boring puzzle . My daughter -LRB- 10 months -RRB- likes it a lot , but she bit the head off the turtle in 10 minutes and now wants to gnaw the rest of the coloring off the other pieces . Sure , it 's entertaining , but I do n't want the printed paper in her tummy !
 Christmas present for our daughter and less than a month later the veneer off the top of the pieces is peeling off on every single piece . We threw it away !
 I would not recommend this . There are wood chips looks like saw dust remaining in puzzle , no matter how much you wipe and rinse . It 's nature of wood which is made up of a few layers and friction when baby pulls it out . Like mine who puts everything in his mouth I find it highly dangerous . The company should recall this product .
 I bought this puzzle assuming it was made in the USA because it clearly states &#34; Origin
 Well to make it look more like the Original 1977 Lightsaber Cross Poster Leia can show legs with the splits in the Dress . I dose n't look like a Guy !!! But ! Has a very `` thick '' face . I Love the Freeze Frames ! They are the best releases of POTF Series . And the Ewok Celebration Leia looks just like this one . So If you consider yourself the `` Ultimate Collector '' You 'll buy this toy . But Beware the Dress easily comes OFF !! and underneath the body looks TERRIBLE !! It 's Up to You !!
 I bought this figure for my 6 year old daughter who loves Princess Leia . What a disappointment ! The doll basically has a man 's facial features and a man 's body -LRB- broad shoulders , huge muscles , etc. -RRB- augmented with breasts and Leia-styled hair . Extremely ugly . My daughter was very disappointed .
 After two days of playing with it , the thing started cutting in and out . Changed the batteries , no help . Did n't pay enough for it to bother with returns so the product goes in the loss column .
 We really enjoy the webkins pets so when it was time to order a new one i thought i would give shining stars a try . I ordered this product thinking it would be along the same line as a webkins pet . Boy was I wrong ! We havent even been able to heck it out yet on the internet . I went to the site typed in the code it asked for , & it said sorry that code has already been used ! So i contacted customer support to inform them of the problem . Its been a week now with no response from them !! Aside from wasting my mpney I am let with a very disapointed little girl who waited so patiently to recieve this pet in the mail . My mistake i guess I 'm going to have to order another webkins after all !
 Bought this for my 5 year old for christmas , she wanted a webkins , this came up under that catagory , you have to be careful , not all stuffed animals with a computer code are Webkins . This has a code and you go on the computer but not under Webkins , it is a totally different site and not connected to Webkins at all . She was very disappointed .
 my son received this for christmas and only played with it for literally 10 minutes , when he went back to play with it again it no longer functioned normally ... and he did nothing to it that would have caused this . The top of the bulldozer has 6 buttons , all of which do different things ... but the 2 buttons that make the truck move forward or backward no longer work correctly . the sound goes off like the truck is moving , but it just sits there . sometimes with a little help it 'll move , but this is not how it was designed . I even tried brand new batteries . there is no information about how to contact the manufacturer , Toy State Industrial LTD , out of Hong Kong . The only thing we can try now is to hope the store will except an exchange if they have another one ... we 'd hate to not get another one cause he does like , it just doe n't work right anymore .
 I bought this for my brother . He just wanted a train that looked like the Disney train for around his Christmas Tree . Unfortunately this was very low quality . It only worked about 75 % of the time . When you picked up the cars the wheels would fall off . Very upsetting for how much money it was . The only reason why this got 2 stars was because it looked very cool . I just wish it was built with higher quality.I sent this back within a few days . I recommend spending a little bit more and getting a nicer train .
 My 5 year old loves TMNT and received this for Christmas . The box boasts that the copter can fit all 4 ninjas but this is misleading as we could barely cram one in and still manage to close the windshield . There are handholds on the outside for the other turtles . Further , the helicopter 's blades repeatedly fall out and so does the back -LRB- tail -RRB- portion .
 One piece of the toy is deformed severely when the box was received and opened . It delaminated into layers when tried to press it to be flat .
 When I bought these last week the picture was very similar to old school Fashion Plates . Then I opened the package and was `` WHAT ??? '' Came back on line and picture now matches the product . I wanted old school , would have bought it on Ebay for the same price . More options.That said ... I am sure our daughter will love it and play with it . BUT I am disappointed . Bait and switch . Not cool , especially as much as I use Amazon !
 First off ... I love the Simpsons figures ! They are an amazing line of well crafted and extremely well designed set of action figures ! Lots of attention to details . Which is why this one figure in the line is so strange !!! On the Simpsons TV show , Database is one of the larger children in Bart 's and Lisa 's circle of friends . But for some reason , this figures is not only smaller than almost all the other children -LRB- he is still bigger than Maggie -RRB- but he is also disproportionate to the rest ! It 's like he is a large `` toy '' for the other toys to play with . Weird !! Playmates dropped the ball with this one , but I forgive them ! Or at least I would if they would make a Jay Sherman Simpsons figure !
 ... I was talking with my brother about how small it was when I got it . So I guess alot of people think what I do . Database is supposed to be a big kid . And I want them to make Jay Sherman too ! The Critic was a great show , He could be a celebrity figure . Since Jon Lovitz is the voice and they already have a celebrity one for him . Thanks
 Opened the box , removed the toy and it was immediately obvious that it was defective . The extremely thin plastic is deformed and the halves are not round , so they wo n't mate together and close properly . The toy I remember playing with as a child was very thick plastic , not like this flimsy thing . I 'm extremely disappointed with the cost-cutting measures they 've taken with this product .
 The product was great but they left out one of the shapes . I contacted seller and they told me they would handle it and credit us the shipping that we ended up paying for above what was quoted when it arrived . They have n't contacted us back or sent missing shape . They were very responsive the first time but did n't follow through .
 Bought this for my daughter who has down syndrome and autism . Had to take the toy away because when she opens and closes the toy she gets her fingers stuck . Screams !!!
 My 13 month-old likes this toy , but gets frustrated constantly . Once I help her put the pieces in -LRB- because it is quite complicated -RRB- all she wants me to do is take them out . She is frustrated she ca n't get them in or out by herself , and is frustrated even with me helping her . I 'm going to buy the Fisher Price one where she can take the top off herself !! I spend lots of time with my kids , but need them to at least be able to play for 1 or 2 minutes without needing my help , and this is not the toy for that . Since its a ball , it is not sturdy for little hands to try to put pices in -LRB- unlike something that can sit flat on the ground -RRB- . My 2 and 3 year-olds are n't enthralled with it either . I 'm surprised so many people love it - did n't work for any of us and I just sold it on Craigslist !!
 This is a `` parent '' shape sorter . While parents should be constantly involved with their children , the child should be able to operate a toy on their own . The problem with this shape sorter is that the child has too many pieces at the age it 's designed for . Give your child too many pieces and they will get frustrated . Give them only the circle and they will find the spot and it goes in like `` magic '' ! No other piece is a starter piece for a child of 6 months . The ball is IMPOSSIBLE for a child to open on their own until they are past the age where this toy is developmentally appropriate . By the time they can open it , they should be on to much more advanced educational toys .
 In a Barbie catalog , I had seen a Mary Poppins doll that bears a striking resemblance to Julie Andrews . I was surprised to see that the one I ordered just had a regular Barbie face and was not the product I had seen in the catalog . Apparently , two different versions are manufactured by Mattel . Pretty tricky , huh .
 not good sent it back because it was not decribed as damaged or dirty . it was supposed to be new in box
 I bought two of these sheets before discovering the jersey knit and I have to say these are not really soft at all . In my opinion they are scratchy and uncomfortable . I will say that they fit the mattress well which is very important . However , I 'm not really fond of the reinforced elastic corners . I like sheets that have elastic all the way around the sheet . It makes for a snugger fit . If I were you I 'd go with the Koala jersey knit sheets . They are in the same price range , are MUCH softer , and have elastic all the way around the sheet .
 We bought this playhouse for our daughter 's B-day . Be warned ! The product you see IS NOT really the product you get . Foremost , the table -LRB- with pedestal support -RRB- is form-fitted to mount on the inside , NOT the outside as shown ! A huge chunk of playspace is now gone . Beyond this , most screw holes are missing and it is impossible to gain entry for a drill . This is most critical when an adult must secure the roof from the inside as the final step . Pushing the screw tip to bite into the plastic can cause the screw head to countersink , or worse ! The whole product is poorly designed , but the ads are enticing !
 THIS IS A BOOTLEG -LRB- ACORDING TO THE PICTURE . -RRB- !!!!! YOU CAN TELL BY THE TOY AND BOX.THE BOX HAS NO BANDAI LOGO OR COPYRIGHTS ON IT.THE ONLY GOOD THING IS THAT THIS TEACHES YOU THAT ITS A BOOTLEG!GO BUY ONE THAT HAS THE COPYRIGHTS AND THE BANDAI LOGO ON IT .
 My son had a blue Skannerz but did n't like that he could only collect certain monsters so he saved his money to get the new Commander version that he expected to be better than the old one . But the new one has more problems than the old ones so we ended up returning it . Battling on the Commander is VERY different from the original and complete instructions are NOT included in the manual . The manual says they are on the website but they are n't there either . When I emailed Customer support , all they did was send me a copy of the tiny manual that came with the game . As far as we could figure out , you have to wait for a counter to go up to a certain number and hope to hit the button at the exact time . The only numbers that they tell you to wait for in the manual are either your monster 's number or the opponent monster 's number . It says other numbers do other things but does n't tell you which numbers or what they do ! It does n't tell you which items you can collect or what they do . The outside of the package advertises that there are 126 new monsters . But they do n't tell you that you only have enough space to collect 53 of them . My son loves the idea behind the games so if Radica can just get it together on providing a decent product launch , he would be happy .
 Well I got my Skannerz for Christmas And EVRYTHING I scan Comes out nothing ...
 I bought this -LRB- not on amazon -RRB- because I already have the blue skannerz -LRB- Zendra -RRB- . But it -LRB- the commander -RRB- does n't have very good gameplay . First , if you loose , you loose one of your monsters . Second , to attack or defend you have to stop a timer on THE EXACT NUMBER , it needs which if I ever stopped it on the right # it was pure luck . Do n't buy this . If you are going to get a skannerz , get one of the originals -LRB- blue , zendra ; red , ujalu ; green , pataak -RRB- . One more thing , original skannerz ca n't battle commanders .
 My 91/2 yr . son received a second one for Christmas . His first one was a lot of fun until one of the buttons jammed and it quit working . This new one did not even last past Christmas morning before becoming jammed . Now it does not work either.I am very disappointed in this product . When it works , it is a lot of fun for kids . Problem is , it is not durable for use by a careful child and wo n't last a second in younger , less experienced hands . It also is difficult for yonger ones to make the scanner read bar codes . Younger ones will have more fun helping you scan in the self check out.I will not be buying another one of these and do not recommend this at all . There are better values for $ 20.00
 My son got this because he tried to play this at a friends house -LRB- two brothers -RRB- and loved it , but they had already progressed with their scanning knowledge and the toy was ready to go when he borrowed theirs to play them . He immediately went out and bought one , and it was $ 20 . He is sooooo frustrated and does n't understand why when he went to the supermarket with me and scanned MANY items , nothing happened . We need some customer service to assist on what to scan and what not to so we waste no more time ! I would NEVER by this for a gift .
 This toy is rather unfair because if you lose a battle you lose your most powerful monster . Do n`t waste your time and money on this toy .
 Bought the original scanner as a gift for my son . No one in our family was ever able to get it to scan even a test bar code from the manual . And Radica 's customer service was basically non-existant . I really expected them to go out of business since they would n't respond to phone calls or emails for support , so I 'm surprised to see they have a new product out.I do n't recommend buyng products from this company .
 I just got this today and it seems pretty good only one promlemI have n`t used it yet . you see I ` m having trouble puttingthe batteries in eventualy my dad will fix it and I look foreward to acualy playing with it .
 We received our Power Wheels as a hand-me-down . The original owners lost the charger so I came to Amazon to replace it . When the charger arrived , I originally thought it did not match the battery that Amazon says it should go to -LRB- the grey battery with a three section opening -RRB- . Eventually I realized that the connector from the actual Jeep to the battery and the connector from the charger to the battery do not look alike -LRB- at all -RRB- but both work . When this charger is inserted into the center portion of the grey battery opening , it will work perfectly . It took me about a month to realize that because I thought the connector should fill all three holes instead of just the one . Once I figured that out , we were golden . My kids love this toy now.I had to come back and edit my original review where I indicated they do n't match . I ca n't seem to edit my star rating but I now think it 's a 5 star item and I would recommend this charger .
 ordered this may 30th & when the product is scheduled to arrive I got an email saying it was out of stock & would be back in stock in 2 weeks !! you disappoint ! : -LRB-
 Do n't get me wrong I love ninja turtles but this figure along with scootin leo are a waste of money because Mike ca n't even stand on the board well he can but he does n't have magnetic feet so you ca n't actually play with it like a tech deck dude his board is chaply made but scootin leo 's scooter is worse anyways the figure is not very detailed compared to the regular mike I do n't really care how detailed it is but they should get better.My advice to you is pass this one and get the new just relised fightin ' gear turtles or other new tmnt figures .
 I have had the step 2 coaster for 9 months . Within the 9 months two of my children have fallen on their chin and had to recieve stitches.I thought when my first son fell that is was just an accident ... but when my second son had the same exact incident and same injury I knew it was a problem !! This is a fun toy ... but needs to be used with caution and Major supervision !! I was right there when both of my children were injured and it did not help at all !
 My 2 yrs old LOVES it ... but what a nightmare . It is HUGE . Takes a ton of space , 10 feet for the coaster and then several more for the roll out . My son need help with it and it is a `` job '' toy . He may enjoy it but he 's fallen off a couple of times , and we live up north so keeping it outside is n't a great option AT ALL . There are a lot of other toys he can enjoy that do n't span entire rooms and require constant attention . I have another baby on the way and ca n't wait to get rid of this thing .
 We were very disappointed in this item . We purchased this for our grandchildren ages 3 and 2 and so far we have narrowly escaped visits to the Emergency Room . The seat is fine so long as it remains at the top , when the child attempts to roll down the seat flips over the side of the pathway down . I am in the process of returning it since it has been used less than three times . We will not allow the children to ride it any longer . There was adult supervision at all times and that is what allowed us to avoid a tragedy . This item is not suitable for two or three year olds and I am reluctant to say that it is suitable for an older child because of its instablity .
 Got this for my daughter as an extra special gift for her 2nd bday . Its a big plastic piece of junk . Its not that fun . I have no idea how it got so many 5 stars . She went down this little hill and was bored after two rides . She never looked at it again - and this huge thing was hard to miss . We returned it and got her the jump-o-lene which she is crazy about . Save your money .
 I bought this for my 2-year-old last Christmas , based on the positive reviews and description . When I received it , I was surprised how short the track was . Clearly I did n't understand how short 10 feet of track is . Case in point , my 2-year-old literally took one ride on it and said he was done . I kept it out for several more days and he did n't take one look at it . This toy may last a child from ages 1-2 , but that 's about it . The car is kinda fun and a child might like scooting around it without the track , but this set really only works for young toddlers under age 2 . It is colorful and well constructed , and easy to assemble , but do n't be fooled by the photos that make you think your older toddler will get much out of it .
 We have had this toy for almost a year . This was lots of fun for aboout a week . It just takes up space and I am thinking about donating it to Good will . If I had it to do over again I would never buy this item .
 I thought it was kind of funny that this wagon is described as `` the SUV of wagons , '' because you pretty much have to own an SUV to take the wagon anywhere . I was really excited to receive this wagon as a gift for my daughter 's birthday , thinking that we can take her to the zoo and lots of other places in it . However , my excitement faded the first time we tried to put the wagon in the trunk of our car . We have a smaller sedan with a fairly large trunk , but the assembled wagon was huge compared to our trunk ! I did eventually manage to fit the wagon in the car after taking it apart and wrestling with the base for a bit , but this left us no room to take any other items with us . My daughter loves riding in the wagon , but we have n't been able to use it much away from home because it 's so much trouble to take it with us . Is this yet another example of everything in our society having to be `` supersized '' ? I wish the manufacturer had thought of those of us who choose to drive smaller , more gas-efficient vehicles . Not all moms drive mini-vans !
 I love the room in this wagon ... but the way the handle is made is dangerous . It has hit my 3 year old in the head a couple of times . It is designed to fold inwards instead of out and is n't the greatest idea.It also might just be a defective one that I received but I found it to be too tippy . Which is also dangerous.I really researched these wagons and I thought I was going to be getting the best one according to all of the reviews I have read but I am not satisfied with it at all . I am now on the working on researching some more for a new one and I decided that I would probably just be better off going to the store and personally check them out myself .
 This tricycle is not worth the money , especially for younger kids . neither of my children could steer or learn to pedal on this , we bought the plastic bikes , and off they went ! Maybe this is a good bike for the child who know how to pedal and ride , but definitely not worth it for a first bike !!
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 18 months old . She 's only just begun to ride it . It 's a very durable sturdy bike , but it seems quite heavy for my daugter to get into motion by pushing the pedals . If you give her some momentum she can cycle for a bit , but then the effort is too much . It is also difficult for her to get it into motion from stationary . I do n't know how this compares with other bikes , but my daughter is quite strong and she has no problem pedalling on the radio flyer bikes at her playschool . I bought this off the internet without doing much research into it . In hindsight , I wish I had taken her to a store and got her to try a few bikes .
 I was in the market for a tricycle for my daughter 's 2nd b-day . I was going to buy a Radio Flyer , but the one I was looking at got bad reviews . So I found this Kiddio , had wonderful reviews!Bought it , received it , put it together by myself -LRB- 2 hrs -RRB- . It was by far the hardest thing I ever put together ! :-LRB- Next bike I buy will already be operational !! that 's for sure !! When my daughter and I tested it out , she was steering , so I COULD N'T !!! Not Good !! and we all of a sudden came to a dead stop , her foot was stuck between the wheel and pedal !! She was n't hurt. :-RRB- !!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!
 This trike was complicated to assemble . The handlebars keep breaking loose from the front wheel due to a poorly designed attachment mechanism . Some of the plastic assesories quickly broke off but they were not much use anyway .
 I can not believe we were in this situation . Christmas Eve , my husband and I were putting the trike together for our 18 month old . We are so excited because this was the first year for Santa . The first screw we try to assemble is too long and leaves too much slack in the frame of the trike , not to mention that the directions indicated that the screw went in a certain way -LRB- on the diagram -RRB- and it was impossible to fit the screw in that way . Secondly , we were shorted screws and washers . We assembled the trike as much as we could so that our son could see it Christmas morning . HE LOVED THE TRIKE and I feel that he would have had many great adventures on this trike . We will be returning the trike . I was also expecting the steering lock feature which WAS NOT FEATURED !! I am terribly disappointed . I looked extensively for the PERFECT Trike and was convinced that I had found it .
 We purchased the Gator for our boys for Christmas in 2001 . We were immediately disappointed with how they designed the battery compartment . It 's a hassle . Other than the battery compartment , we were happy with the Gator . The boys loved it . It went relatively fast . Too bad the Gator only lasted for 4 months . Now , the thing ca n't drive 5 feet . We had it repaired once and it just messed up again . This is the 3rd battery powered ride-on that we have purchased . We purchased a Power Wheels Kawasaki ride on 3 yrs ago , and we still have n't had the first problem with it . My advice , `` Do n't get a Gator !!!! ''
 We bought this ride on for my three year old twins for Christmas . A week later , SOMEHOW , I do n't know how -LRB- It 's one of those `` Oh , this could only happen to me ! '' things -RRB- ... . the screw came out of the front panel , the front panel started dragging the ground ... then , this is remarkable , the battery slide out , my children ran over it , stripping the blue top part completely off . I was devastated . You can imagine what the kids were doing ! Screaming and crying their heads off ! Unbelieveable how this could happen with that iron bar in there ????! I 'm sure this is a freak accident . Found out later that the bar was bent to the side ... . replaced the battery and it was good to go . Until 2 days later when the gears just totally stripped . It started making this loud grinding noise . It would n't go in reverse . Then it would only go in reverse . Then one tire would spin and one would n't . It was just a total nightmare . My sons also have the Silverado truck . Besides it being hard to turn . . something to do with the wheels I was told ... it 's still running fine . We just purchased the Fire and Rescue Jeep today for their birthday . We will see how this one turns out . In my opinion , Peg Perego things are just not built to last . Make sure to check under the toy to see if it has a metal steering column . This Gator does not . Hope this was informative .
 My 3 year old and 2 year old boys rec 'd this as a Christmas gift from grandma , they were so excited and it is a great looking toy . They used appox . 5 times before reverse went out along with first gear . Soon after second gear was gone and our Gator was n't going anywhere . The tailgate is also a total joke , it is flimsy and they had to reach behind the seats to unlock the handle . We also have a SLIGHTLY sloping yard and the gator would just spin constantly . It was actually a very frustrating experience . I would not recommend this high dollar piece of plastic to anyone .
 First , it does not have seat belts . It is not made like some of the others where they sit down in it . They sit very high up , with nothing to hold on to . I can not let anyone ride with my son , they always fall out . Kids just ca n't hold themselves in when the driver turns sharply . Second , the little piece that holds the tires in place is plastic . Mine broke within a year . Even the ones at toysrus are broken ! And third , Peg Perego only has very few athorized repair places around and they have a lock on your service , therefore you get very little . I took my ride on to the repair place . Two things were wrong with it , one the steering wheel came off , two the brakes stopped working . After waiting two weeks , then driving an hour and Paying $ 80 dollars , I got home and neither item was fixed . They did n't even apoloize ! The guy said he had glued back on some loose pieces and forgot to look at the work order !! Lastly , my toysrus never carries the batteries ! Never ! They told me they hardly ever come in . Please do n't waste your money . Buy a different brand .
 We bought a John Deere Gator sept of 2002 and we have had problem after problem . First the windshield broke off after the first week and then the handles fell off , so we put it up for the winter , when we got it out this last spring , it worked for a while the it started to go really slow and the tires would spin out and it would not go anywhere , b/c the tires can not get any traction , we have to put a cinder block in the back . but know the gears in the back tires went out and it wo n't go anywhere , I would never buy another one .
 after comparing this ride on with the power wheels trucks and jeeps , i found this one very unsafe.this one state ages 3-6 years old.first of all there were no seat belts , seats were very narrow , a 3 year old could fall out of the seat to easily and be run over by this 90 pound ride on because it did not have running boards to keep a child from going underneath the back wheels.the winsheld , tailgate seamed flimsy.i have a 3year old and i am going to buy the power wheels truck , it has sides to help keep kids in while the vehickle is moving , also it seems to be more durable and safer .
 I bought this for my son for his 5th birthday . I put it together like I have with all the other battery powered ride-ons we own . I noticed right away it was junk . Everything is plastic . When I finished I told him go easy with it because its not made very well and looks like it will break . Sure enough not even three weeks went by and the gears broke . It would not go in reverse . I took it back to the store and they replaced the broken gear . Almost a month later the gear broke again . Does not go in reverse . Fixed it again . We just took it out for spring May 2005 and guess what ? Gear broke again . Only this time it will not go anywhere . My son is very careful with his toys . We have a jeep and a Quad that he has had since he was 3 yrs old and they both work just fine . The Gator is JUNK !! Do not buy it . I did purchase the protection plan and the store is working on what they can do for me . I would love to return it .
 Have a wonder toy in my garage . Needs a battery . It has -LRB- four -RRB- 4 wheels , seats one , has handles like a bike with the brake on the right handle . The wheels are 10 '' -LRB- Diam -RRB- x 6 '' -LRB- width -RRB- and Lenght is 36 '' or so . Pedal is on the right side resting on a flat guard -LRB- which are in both sides -RRB- . This car is about 3 to 4 years old . Please help me find a place where they have a battery . Thank you for your time.PS . This riding toy does NOT have a brand , name or company that has built it in the past . It 's yellow , with blue seat and black wheels . Probably was bought at Toys `` R '' us . Thank you for your time
 I BOUGHT ONE IN THE BOX WHEN I GOT IT HOME IT HAD NO BATTERY OR CHARGER THE STORE SAID CALL THE COMPANY WHICH I DID THE SAID THEY WOULD SEND OUT A BATTERY/CHARGER 3 WEEKS LATER . NOW THE 12 VOLT BATTERY WILL NOT LAST MORE THEN 1 HOUR OF MY SON RIDING IT AROUND THE YARD . I WOULD CALL IT A POOR RIDE ON TOY TO BUY . POWER WHEELS HAS A JEEP THAT WILL RUN FOR 3 DAYS WITH NO RECHARGING IT IS UNBELIVEALBE THEY HAVE A VERY GOOD PRODUCT . .
 I purchased a similar ride-on truch for about the same cost . Let me just warn all of you ... The trucks that Peg Perego makes just DO N'T LAST !!! It was n't even 1 week after I assembled it that it was already falling apart . 2 weeks after that , the wires for the speaker for the sound effects broke . ALmost ALL parts that I assembled myself all broke off due to poor grip . This continued for about 2 years ... THESE Peg Perergo ride-on 's -LRB- toys -RRB- are useless and will not last .
 Less than one month of having this toy , the reverse does not workwe are taking it back to walmart and exchanging it , since we still have the receipt and box.Also the toy does not work to well in grass , especially if grass is wet.SInce the battery is in the front , there is hardly any even distrubtion of weight , so it makes it hard to go up hill sometimes . I will not exchange for another gator , we are trading for something fisher price .
 As Christmas approaches , I thought I would give the counter argument to all of these wonderful reviews about the Gator . I received the gift for my two boys -LRB- aged 3 and 5 at the time -RRB- 2 years ago . Initially the Gator was great . Apart from major traction issues -LRB- it is terrible with any type of moistrue on the grass -RRB- , the guys loved it , and it worked well . After 3-4 months , it began to fail . The gear box started to slip . The windshield cracked clean off . The seat adjusters lost their screws . And a bunch of other stuff . It is a very fragile toy , and that needs to be taken into account for anyone purchasing this for good , hearty kids that like to have a good time , but can be extremely rough on toys . In general , I am a fan of Peg Perego , so that makes this even a greater dissapointment . At the price , I would look elsewhere .
 Unless you have a perfectly flat yard with golf-course grade grass and absolutely no twigs , leaves , pinecones , moisture , or variations in ground level , this thing wo n't go . On flat concrete it seems to do OK . In the yard , however , we are forever PUSHING this thing around because it can not go on it 's own . The wheels are constantly spinning out . We bought it as a 3rd birthday gift for my son . Obviously , he would like to ride it , but we hardly ever use it because my husband and I hate walking behind him and pushing ! We thought we had purchased a great thing after all the reviews . We were wanting him to have fun and help us with yard work by hauling sticks/leaves/pinecones around . How wrong we were . It was fairly easy step-by-step assembly . We have had no breakage or charging problems , but we do n't use it very often because of the major traction problem . It does seem to stay charged quite awhile even after long amounts of time in storage . We bought this after a lot of research . These people who think this thing is so great must have flat concrete yards . I have never spent so much money and been so disappointed .
 Very Attractive toy , instructions are tough to follow , took over an hour to assemble . I ca n't imagine that the toy will hold up . Seems pretty flimsy .
 Totally disappointed with the gator.Identified with all the previous reviews -LRB- battery weak , gears defective , and shifter -RRB- . Power wheels are of better quality and more durable .
 This product stinks ! We bought one for our boys for Christmas and we have had nothing but problems with it since . Furthermore , the John Deere Gator does not even offer seat belts and the seats sit up higher and dont have any sides to hold a child in so they are a lot more dangerous than the Power Wheels products . We had a Power Wheels Jeep for our first son that lasted 7 years . Our Gator lasted 2 months and we retured it ! Stick with the manufacturer -LRB- Power Wheels -RRB- that has more experience !
 Bought the gator for my 3 and 4 year old boys last Christmas . They really loved riding it . However it wasnt very long before we had to replace a gear in it . It lasted a few more months but now it doesnt run very fast at all and loses power very quickly . We were very disappointed in the durablity of this toy . For as much money as it costed , we thought it would last alot longer .
 Our 4 children have had two Power Wheel 's battery operated jeeps for two years . We thought the Peg Perego John Deere Gator would make a great addition . What a let down !!!!! We had to return the first one because the gears kept slipping and it made a loud grinding sound . They did promptly exchange it at the store . Interestingly enough , another was sitting in the back of the store which had been returned also for `` breaking down '' . Well , the second Gator has done the exact same thing . The black bar in back has come loose and the wheel wells keep rubbing on the tires . Basically , the durability of this toy has been horrible . Our Power Wheels jeeps are still running great . This Gator has a large bin in back ~ ~ ~ DO NOT EXPECT IT TO HOLD a CHILD !!!! AND BELIEVE ME , ALL THE KIDS WILL TRY TO GET IN ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I am pretty sure that is how our first one broke immediately . My 3 year old kept trying to sit in it . My son is still in love with this Gator though . Even though it makes horrible noises and will give out soon , he still tries to ride it over and over . It was his Christmas present last year and you can believe we wo n't be replacing it again this year . Maybe another Power Wheels !!!!!!!!
 I have read the reviews as I did before we purchased this Gator a year ago and I guess we just got a DUD ! Everytime my child gets on hers , something else falls off . It is NOT DURABLE AT ALL !!! The plastic is nowhere as durable as the harder stuff you get on the Power Wheels ride ons . We have a Motorcycle , 2 Jeeps , a Corvette and a Gator and the Gator , by far , is the one of the least quality . I would not recommend this one to anyone . It 's a shame to spend that kind of money on something only to have it falling apart as early as 6 months after we got it . It still looks brand new as far as color and wear but the parts are just not cutting it . It is an adorable ride-on that is for sure , but what good is looks if it 's not of good quality ? This is the first review I 've written so did n't mean to get carried away but my recommendation is that if it 's not Power Wheels brand , do n't get it .
 We have had our gator for 2 months and already the gears are stripped and it only goes in reverse or 1st gear . I really thought he might just be too rough on it since we have already had 3 of the power pull tractors and the gears stripped on every one after 3 weeks . So the big decision came to spend another $ 100 on the gator . My husband fixed the seat all the way forward so he could not shift the gears at all . Low and behold the gator 's gears are stripped . So if you have bought the gator and the gears stripped and you thought your child was too hard on it your wrong its not the child it the product . I will be taking it back for the jeep . If you have a problem with it customer service is very helpful and will send you the parts you need , if you can stand to see the disapointment in your childs eyes when you have to wait three weeks for the part to come in . Take it back while you still have a chance.P.S . my son loved his gator the only problem now is haveing to explain why we have to take it back
 ... . You can not recharge the battery without having to dismantle the vehicle and my children would require it to be charged everyother day . So unless you have a lot of time on your hands I do not reccommend buying this vehicle . Also , the back drop gate is made very flimsey and after a couple of uses will not shut . I have another power Jeep and it can easily be recharged by opening the hood . This appears to be a design flaw !
 We purchased two gators for my sons for christmas . One of them ran about three weeks before the gears broke and it would only go in reverse . Then the next day , the other one did the same thing . Luckily it was within the stores 90 day return policy so they both went right back . We were very reluctant to buy a peg-perego product because we purchased a gaucho grande two years ago and have had nothing but problems with it -LRB- the gears -RRB- . But we were assured that was the exception and not the rule -LRB- by peg-perego customer service and toys-r-us sales person -RRB- Well with problems with all three and the later two only within a month of use I hardly think it is a coincedence.Also peg-perego did n't want to fix the problem after the warranty period even though it was the same peice breaking -LRB- over and over -RRB- while it was under warranty . My best advice better to be safe than sorry ... stay away from peg-perego .
 My son loves the look of this vehicle . The idea of having an area in back to put stuff in is great . One problem , the weight is not distributed right , so if you go up hills , even small ones , which it says it will do , your tires spin . It needs to be filled with heavy rocks in order to work . Also , the quality is not what you 'd expect from the name John Deere , not even an hour after we had it out , a screw came loose just from the normal jarring of driving around . If we had a choice again , we would not purchase this vehicle .
 We chose the John Deere Gator because it sure looked better than the Power Wheels Jeep . We had the Gator 1 week and parts began to fall off and it quit working in 2nd speed . Not happy at all with this product . Should have gone with the Power Wheels . Big lesson learned .
 I bought this a year ago for my son . He absolutly loves it.However !!! Do not buy this unless you are prepared to replacethe tires frequently with normal street/driveway use . Peg Perego will replace the tires at no charge ONE time during the warranty period . After that , YOU PAY DEARLY . A set of fronttires with postage will run you $ 45 , a set of four will run you $ 85 . Unbelievable !!! I can not comprehend how they can not come up with a better tire design . The problem is that the front tires toe in and wear really fast on the inside of the tire eventually creating holes in the tires . The tread is gone in about two weeks . This will probably end up in a future garage sale and we will probably buy something else with solid tires .
 I bought this toy from my son for his 2nd birthday less than a week ago . It is designed for the sandbox , but has already stopped working because sand has gotten into all the sliding parts . It also has a locking mechanism that is too difficult for even my almost 4 year old to figure out . But my kids love to ride around on it , it 's just too bad the rest of it is so poorly designed .
 Like another reviewer , the sand bound up the moving parts and it has largely been frustrating for my twin 2 year olds . The boom release is too hard for my children to release . The bucket does not pivot at the wrist-so it really does not scopp up sand -- it just kind of paws at it . I suggest spending few more dollars and getting a better functioning toy for your child .
 My daughter got this set for her second birthday . We took it out of the box and she started playing with it right away . Of course she has dropped the pieces on the floor a couple of times -LRB- she is only 2 -RRB- and the red enamel came right off where it was dropped . Now only a few weeks later we have a set that is all chipped . I would rather buy a stainless still set next time .
 This is a beautiful but fragile set . Like others said , when dropped the enamel chips and the chips are jagged and dangerous for small ones . When the handle snapped off of the pot it left this knife-like jagged edge - I was horrified ! My 9-month-old was standing next to my 3-year-old as she held it . I tossed the entire set and am searching for a ss set .
 This Sudoku YD-638 puzzle is very hard to use . And I think of my self as a computer geek.To make matters worse the instructions are very poor . They may make sense to someone who has used this for years , but not to a new user.Save you money to buy a different game .
 First of all , I love Sudoku . I play it on line , I play in the newspaper , and I play it in books . But this little pest of a device is too hard to use . It has a terrible user interface -LRB- and I work at a high technology company - so I am used to technical interfaces and things being hard -RRB- . Stay away from this one and find another on Amazon instead . Or get a good book like this one : Will Shortz Presents The Little Black Book of Sudoku
 This was not very convenient to use . The screen was very dark and moving around the puzzle was more of a hassle then it was worth .
 this is the worst product . to much xtra gizmo time date alarm , the screen is not very sensitive . you have to hit it hard w pencil i do not recommend this it is a rip off !!!!
 I received this # ! @ $ $ ^ & piece of Chinese junk as a Christmas present . Never could get it to work . The directions are in such fractured English and so unclear that they were zero help . The screen display had many incomplete characters ; so maybe the software was defective . On top of that there were too many useless features . I gave up and threw the device in the trash can , where it belongs .
 I received this game as a Christmas gift.The unit is difficult to use . A plastic pointer is used to input data and move around the screen . More than light force is required to input the desired data.The instructions are written in Chinese English , or Chinglish . Completely incomprehensible.Presumably the game works . I have managed to solve one level one game in 38 minutes . Still do n't understand the instructions.Not recommended for purchase .
 I bought this Model YD-638 Sudoku game on-line -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- for my wife 's anniversary gift , after a review in AAA VIA magazine . She is a sharp computer geek , and Sudoku fan / `` addict '' / expert , and gave up after a half-hour . Instructions are so `` foreign-product typical '' - poor translation of Chinese to multi-page , terrible English . This is a piece of junk . I 've emailed for a send-it-back refund . There must be an acceptable unit out there somewhere , would appreciate any input on a good model to buy .
 These are a great idea , but the quality is really lousy . I bought two tops for Christmas -- one for each of my toddler grandsons . They were great and the boys really liked them . Unfortunately , the first one stopped working about three days after Christmas -- when you push down on the handle , the handle just drops down inside and does n't spin the top . The second one lasted until about a week after New Year , then the same thing happened . When I was a kid , we had a top -LRB- by a different manufacturer -RRB- that lasted forever . I think it was still working when I was a young adult -- so there 's no reason for these to have broken other than bad quality control . I plan to write to the manufacturer , but meanwhile , I would n't recommend spending the money on these things .
 I just bought this same this from amazon more then a month ago . . for only ten dollars ... and you can find this other places . . it is a wonderful toy and my spins solid and is very loud whistling but do not buy here !!!
 The ball was yellow not green like the package says , My grandon was really disapointed.They need to say the item isnt isnt as package says .
 The ball is easy to inflate and make ready . It is usable , but If you think you are going to get a GREEN hulk ball like pictured . You probably wo n't get that . The description says &#34; Color & design of ball may be different from pictured &#34; so , I feel fortunate it at least had the hulk on it . : -RRB-
 I ordered 2 sets of these for my Grandchildren . One came in with the handle broke not very safe as the beads come out ofthe handle . This products is more for looks and not a toy !
 My son received this for Christmas . It plays a sound when you put a piece in the puzzle , but the sounds sound nothing like the instruments that are pictured . I think there 's only one sound that it plays , and it just adds different distortions for each instrument instead of having a real recording for each one.But even if you do n't care what the sounds are , they 're annoying , and you do n't want your child playing with this while you 're around.DO NOT BUY THIS .
 This puzzle looks great and would be wonderful without the batteries . The pictures of instruments are nice but the sounds are awful They pretty much all sound the same , tinny and annoying . My sons love music and I love that they can identify different instruments but this does nothing to help that . In fact , since it makes it seem like a harmonica and a tuba sound the same , it could actually hurt their musical education . I plan on taking the batteries out of this puzzle soon so they can enjoy the pictures .
 I usually read the reviews before making a purchase and I can not express how much I wish I had done so this time . I have been very pleased with other M&D toys and was excited to find the musical sound puzzle . The physical puzzle is fine but , as other reviewers have stated , the sound is flat-out terrible . With the exception of the drums and xylophone , all of the instruments sound the same . And all of the instruments , including drums and xylophone , are cheap synthesized tones . My child can learn more about the different instruments through my amateur impressions of them than through this puzzle . If it ca n't be returned , it 's going to quietly and quickly disappear .
 I had expected each instrument piece to sound like the instrument they showed , but many sound exactly the same . The magnetic piece that causes the sound to start is not always well placed but is rather off so it wo n't always make sound when it should . Every piece plays a few notes of `` Old McDonald , '' and even after just a few days , I 'm sick of it . The melody must finish before a new one can start , so if my older son is too fast with placing piece number two , it wo n't play for him . I really had expected more from this well-known brand , and I 'm very disappointed .
 it 's a sound puzzle but there was no sound . I gave this as a gift to my 2yo niece . There was no sound because the battery was dead .
 I 've seen and heard a few of their other sound puzzles , pet and farm , and they sounded great . I was so excited about this one when I purchased it for Christmas for my niece . What I got was poor sound quality . I should have tested it before hand as it was mocked by the rest of my family for its sound . Next time I 'll read the reviews and get a different one . Their other puzzles are amazing , though ! This one setback will not keep me from buying their stuff again .
 For a Melissa and Doug product , this one is disappointing . I would not recommend it to a friend . The sounds do not accurately represent the instruments and all it plays is a small part of Old MacDonald .
 Without batteries , this is a great toy , but that 's not what we paid for . They are all the same song and , except for the drum , do n't sound realistic . Not only that , if all the pieces are n't in place then just the turning on of a light sets the sound off.Take my advise . Either by one that does n't make noise or take out the batteries .
 Length :
 I am hesitant to give this toy a bad review because I absolutely LOVE Melissa and SOug puzzles and my 2 year old just ca n't get enough of them . However , this one is just plain annoying . All the instruments play Old MacDonald and they are all done electronically and unfortunately do not sound very much like the instrument they represent . I am a music tecaher and I was overjoyed when I saw this puzzle to help teach my son the sounds of different instruments but it really does n't accomplish that . Plus it 's very loud -LRB- well they all are -RRB- and my husband and I are about to take the batteries out . AFTER I ordered my friend said she had the same puzzle and found it also to be the most annoying that she hides it from her toddler .
 First , the physical puzzle is fine . Just do n't put the batteries in . Unless you want your child to learn to distinguish between bland , non-descript synth patches from a cheap Casio keyboard.How hard could it have been to use an actual recording of the instrument for each piece ? This company could easily use a public domain wave file , or better yet , ask some musicians or music educators to contribute a short melody . You would n't need access to an expensive recording studio , either . Today a cheap $ 300 handheld record would do the trick .
 This is another failing sound puzzle by M&D . Their products are normally of good quality and this one like the farm animals is a disgrace . I am not trying to trash them , I just do not want you to be as upset as I was . All sounds were recorded using an organ of sorts and most sound nothing like the pictured instrument . The puzzle itself works out fine without batteries , just be aware that it is indeed a beginners ' level puzzle -LRB- marked 2 + -RRB- . To their credit , M&D customer service were gracious and offered to send a non-sound playing replacement .
 Do not buy this puzzle ! There are so many better ones out there and this is just awful . First of all , as the other reviewers have stated , the instruments do not sound like actual instruments -LRB- i would be unable to identify them and I played in an orchestra for years -RRB- . But the absolute worst thing about it is that it continually goes off at night -LRB- unless you keep the battery out -RRB- -LRB- there is no on-off switch -RRB- ! I spent over a half an hour in the middle of the night once trying to get it stop going off -LRB- and you know , to take the battery out you need a tiny phillips head , which i did not want to get in the middle of the night ! -RRB- so i stuffed it under the cushions of the sofa ! Seriously , do n't buy this puzzle !!! -LRB- i love wooden puzzles and would never knock one but this is just ridiculous ! -RRB-
 What a neat concept for a puzzle but poor execution . Each piece when placed plays &#34; Old MacDonald Had a Farm &#34; - just that one line . And M&D attempted to make each sound like a piano , a guitar , a drum , but really it 's all the same synthesized beeping in varying tones . And ... even if you attempt to put the wrong piece in the wrong place , it still plays music . If this was a true learning toy , it would n't play music unless it was put int eh correct spot . And ... they go off extremely sensitive . If its ' not on the shelf straight it will play randomly . But , my daughter LOVES it . So it was a good purchase .
 Boutht this for my twins . It ends up just sitting around . It 's very heavy so not really something they like to play with . The plastic is hard to so they have smacked it on their heads . There are plenty of other teethers out there that are softer/lighter . Not something I would recommend
 This item really sinks ! Not a chance of reading a book while floating in the pool . Should have ordered the more expensive version from Frontgate .
 This charger worked well for about two weeks . Looks good on the outside , JUNK on the inside . The glow charger connector broke and there 's no way to repair it . Save your money and buy two Ofna Glow Chargers for the same price as one of these .
 These cards are Impel 's worse ever . There are only two inserts and can be found in one of three to four boxes . You can purchase the entire set and the two inserts for around $ 10.00 plus shipping on EBAY . Do n't wast your money buying this product . The cards are decent cardboard and give a lot of information about the series but that is about all . Not a fun set.Stick with the more expensive Star Trek products from manufacturers such as Rittenhouse . The boxes are very expensive but have a lot of goodies in them.The following is very important information for new collectors of Star Trek and other cards . The manufacturers place the inserts and chase cards on the top of the box . Unscrupulous vendors will purchase cases of these and take out the top four or eight packs knowing they are the ones with the autographs , special , and constume cards . I purchased six boxes of Rittenhouse cards from a vendor . He stated that they may have been searched but did n't know for sure . There was not one insert in either of the four boxes . However the boxes state that there are two autograph and two constume cards per box . I am not saying or implying this particular vendor was dishonest as he stated they may have been searched.Be careful when you purchase these boxes and make darn sure that you get them from an honest and reliable vendor . If the description of the item states it has or may have been searched , you are wasting your money . You will be spending a lot of money for base sets that can be purchased for $ 4.00 on EBAY . Stay away from purchasing any random packs and stick with buying boxes that are sold and described as a factory sealed and unopened box . Of course this does not apply to the older trading cards that did not have chase and special cards in the series.Remember the most important fact/advice/information about purchasing trading cards ... Caveat Emptor !
 At the time I got Valeera action figure , I gave it 2 stars.I began my collection of WoW action figures , and this was the last one I got.This is by far the cheapest single action figure made in the series . While the visual concept and the looks -LRB- from far -RRB- seems cool , at close you can notice that there was little love when making the details , it is poorly constructed , there were errors in the painting , the sword was a horrible looking . . it looked like a `` toy sword '' , instead of a `` real sword '' . I put a stop to my prejudice and included this figure to my collection set . The problem is that it had some problems standing on its own -LRB- if you notice carefully in the product image , it has 2 circular transparent plastic panels at its feet that works as support -RRB- . Anyways , it could stand on its own , and I went away , kind of happy ... 2 weeks later , the toy began falling , lost its balance , the feet panels were kind of umbalanced . My quick solution , after many falls , was to put the draeni action figure panel on 1 foot , as aditional support . It worked , still does.You know , the prob was that , the total weight of the toy , over time , made it bend . -LRB- Same issue has the Illidan figure - also from Series 1 - because the weight of the wings at the back is too much -RRB- . So , it bends , and today , I noticed Valeera is almost kissing the ground now . It has been 3 months after I purchased it -LRB- was brand new -RRB- . I uploaded a photo on the image product gallery . I hope it goes thru.Overall opinion
 She started to bow and lean forward off of her stand within a month . And her dagger broke off unexpectedly . I would not suggest on purchasing .
 This is a very nice piece yes . Only a few problems with it . It is the most cheaply made piece out of the series . My guess is they made it out of cheap product because they knew that the Male Genre would boost the sales regardless just because she 's scantily clad . All the other pieces of the series ; even the Warlock with the Three piece Staff are made better than this piece . They may as well have just made this into a Blow Up Adult Toy because that 's about the quality it is and what the piece is used for by most teens out there that play this game .
 not large enough for an adult and just not that comfortable to sit on . i did n't like the material either . currently trying to return it ...
 We did n't like it . It was n't comfortable . It was too small to give the back any support . We sent it back .
 I bought an adult size , black cord bag . It 's actually small for an adult to sit in and the quality and feel is cheap . Not worth $ 100 , plus $ 20 shipping for sure . Does have heavy odor as mentioned in other reviews .
 Your one star rating I do not like the word hate you used.A better choice of word should be used for a business.Your marketing or sales department should change this.As far as the bean bag purchase I was highly disappointed in this item.First of all it was shipped in wraped plastic which I thought was not very appealing.Secondly , the item itself was cheaply made and way over priced.I did not like anything about it the bag.I did not even like the way it was made .
 The book stopped playing within 3 days . Changed the batteries , did n't work . I can see why they no longer offer it on Amazon . If you see this book in the store , save your $ $
 I do n't know if the Thomas friends have gotten kind of cheap since the new company took over , but Fergus is not a well made toy . The first Fergus we had , the wheel broke off . The company was really good about replacing him , but the replacement came and within a week he too was broken , not only the wheel , but part of the wood had chipped off . The idea is kind of cool , the wheel turns the gear , turning another wheel . That is all plastic , including the axle for the middle gear . Maybe had that axle been metal , it would be more durable . I ca n't recommend this as a toy , only for the collector .
 Does a good job while it lasts . But that is the problem They do n't last long . For the price I rate these sticks very low . Will not buy again .
 I bought this product because I have heard some good things about it 's durability . Unfortunately , it did not turn out that way for me . It chips easily , and when I tried to sand it to smooth it out more chips kept coming off . A good drop and huge chunks came off . Maybe I did something wrong , not sure how since all I thought I needed to do was add water at the right ratio and make the project . I would n't be able to recommend this product to anyone . Maybe I can add it to some other paper mache mixture I make that might actually work .
 I also had problems with this one . The first one I bought from a toy store . When I got home I noticed all the water had dried up -LRB- at least not spilled over my expensive train table like the other poster 's ! -RRB- So they exchanged it and I noticed that most of them were all dried up . I thought it was just because I live in the dry desert.My son is very gentle on his toys and one day the magnet popped out . Well , aside from the magnet being a choking hazard , the other end of the magnet is a spear like a thumbtack ! Gah ! I contacted Learning Curve and they did send me a new one at no charge , but they also informed me that their lifetime warranty was no longer valid . So I guess I 'm on a list somewhere that means I 'll never get another warranty issue resolved ... Seems like they 'd be more concerned since kids play with these things ... And yes , at nearly 20 bucks a train , you 'd think you 'd get a bit more for your money .
 We purchased this set and had great fun with it for about one week . Our water levels were present and went up and down perfectly fine.Then we awoke to find the Tanker Car had leaked all of its `` water '' all over our train table . The car has absolutely no damage to it , and was not played with roughly . Our $ 300 train table now has a large blue stain on it , complete with a bubbly warp to the wood overlay.This is obviously a manufacturer defect , and I 've sent an e-mail to Learning Curve to attempt resolution . I notice that they 've now drastically chopped their warranty to only 90 days , when it used to be a lifetime warranty . All the while the cost on these cars continue to rise.Thomas is no friend of mine .
 What a rip off ! You ca n't try the cars out in the blister pack and when you get it home you find out that the water level does NOT rise and fall ... there is no water in the tanker so it is a very very expensive nothing .
 I just got these . The box marked was with the 8-12 size . Inside , however , I got the pruple golf bag with the clubs for a 4-7 year old -LRB- the driver is 36 &#34; -RRB- . I 'll be sending these back .
 I ordered these twice and each time I got the wrong size sent to me . The pink ones only come in the Large and not the smaller size for my very petite 6 year old . Amazon or the manufacturer is really bad about clearly stating that the pink set is the larger size and the purple set is the smaller size . I ordered it from 3 different places and all 3 times , I thought I was ordering the smaller set and I would receive the pink larger size .
 I would love to leave a review . But they have yet to send me this product . . I have gotten the wrong product both times .
 We bought this toy truck before thanksgiving for our son few years ago , he played for less than half hour and was complaining that one of the wheel was broken . We found out the wheel frame is made of very thin plastic , We think the plastic material is not right one for this kind of toy . It must be chosen for profit purposes only .
 Ca n't review a product that I never received . Very disappointed that an order placed before Christmas has yet to arrive . I have a very disappointed granddaughter who will not receive her doll .
 This is such a fun and creative kit that my 10 and 13-year old sons would be crazy about if the small ink pens come with the book would flow . It is very bothering that only 3-4 ink pens out of 20 -LRB- therefore the colors are limited -RRB- were able to flow without clogging . We were totally frustrated .
 This product would be very nice , except for the fact that all the ink was completely dried out upon opening the package .
 I bought several items looking to get something similar to the old spirograph , which I could never do as a kid . Guess what , still ca n't !
 This doll is so badly made that her lipstick does n't match the contour of her lips , yack . I would have expected Mattel to do a better job . It was a great disappointment for the receiver .
 We never tried the hoop out because when we opened the box , the cabinet had a big crack across the bottom . We just decided to send it back for a refund . It looks like a lot of fun , but thought it must not hold up very well .
 This product was NOT what I expected . There were n't any dimensions given for the product when I ordered . It called it ` mini , ' but the picture made it look like it was a smaller backpack -LRB- perfect for a 2-3 year old -RRB- . In fact , it is just the size of a purse . We were really disappointed .
 I bought this mini backpack for my 2 year old . Another reviewer mentioned that it is really small but that it would be perfect for a 2-3 year old , which I agree . My daughter was excited about using her new backpack to carry her breakfast to daycare ; however , as soon as I took it out of box it was shipped in and tried to unzip for the first time , the zipper busted off in my hand . The backpack is really adorable so it 's unfortunate that it turned out to be defective .
 Her accesories are cute , so is the dress , but unfortunately this is one of the uglier Barbie 's I 've seen . Her hair looks gorgeous from the back when she turns around , ... well , you can judge for yourself . For a small child , she 's fun and durable . Her outfit looks great on one of my prettier dolls . On a better note , her shoes are adorable . She has the spunky yellow box toe heel .
 This sprinkler is a piece of junk . My son received it for his 5th birhtday and could n't wait to use it . More water sprays out of the bottom than the top completely making my lawn a mud puddle . I just took it off and hooked up our regular sprinkler . Way more fun !
 This was a cute product , but worked horribly . The child played with it one time , and it was quickly forgotten . Would never purchase again .
 Originally I thought this toy was the larger version because that was how it was labeled . When it arrived though , it was the smaller version from the McDonald 's Happy Meal . The seller refunded the money in full and also apologized for the mix-up . If you want the smaller version then this is the toy for you , but if you want the larger one keep looking !
 I was hoping this would be a solution for cleaning off our giant chalkboard wall . It absolutely did not work for that surface . The cloth caught on every tiny bump and tore apart .
 I bought my beanie buddy from the website below and was expecting to receive the toy as it showed on the website : http://www.amazon.com/TY-Beanie-Buddy-HOPE-Praying/dp/B00002SWVY/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1243375694&sr;=1-2but somehow the toy I received was this one : http://www.amazon.com/Ty-Beanie-Buddy-Hope-Praying/dp/B001ISD42O/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid;=1243375694&sr;=1-3It looks totally different and the fur falls when I touch it . I think the seller posted to a wrong place , so I am disappointed and does n't know what to do with this toy now . Amazon should be careful on whether the item was posted properly and whether it fits to the description . It was n't a good and reliable experience for me on Amazon . Toy did n't come as how it looks like on the picture .
 I 'm the mom of a 7 month old girl . I got this mobile , along with the rest of the Suzy 's Zoo line of nursery decor , for my shower . Since I did n't know if I was having a boy or a girl , the cute little animals and neutral colors seemed ideal . Well , the room looks adorable , painted in the color of Boof the Bear 's stomach and hand/feet pads . HOWEVER , because I chose to go with this theme , no other mobile seemed to look right in the room . Why am I giving you this whole story ? The mobile , which was attached to the crib rail , SNAPPED AND FELL into the crib -LRB- narrowly missing the baby 's head , I might add -RRB- when my daughter was 6 months old . I did n't even have her in the crib until she was 3 months , and I do n't use the mobile for music AT ALL because I have another product attached to the crib with longer lasting , more consistently tempoed music . So why did it break ? I BARELY brushed the arm with the baby 's blanket . I have seen similar reviews about these mobiles on this website -LRB- same maker , different theme -RRB- but did n't believe -LRB- did n't want to ! -RRB- that a light touch would break a properly installed mobile . Well , folks , it happened to me too ! For over a month I have been trying to get the company , Dolly , to respond to my inquiries regarding obtaining a new attachment arm or a refund . They do n't even bother to respond . Well , as a consumer , I guess I 'll say that the loudest voice is the one that vibrates the wallet ... so if you are looking for a cute product , buy this mobile ; if you want cute and safe , look elsewhere !
 I bought this for my son for Christmas as an alternative to the overpriced Transformers ... what a disappointment . The pieces are difficult to put together and do n't stay together . The water has to be just the right temperature for it to change colors . And the color changing spots are just that - spots on the hood , the fenders , and the doors . I learned my lesson and should have stuck with the original Hot Wheels `` type '' cars .
 vtech vsmile smartridge batman gotham city rescueI DID NOT RECEIVE THIS PRODUCT I HAVE TRIED TO INFORM AMAZON AND THE SELLER BUT HAVE GOTTEN NO WHERE THIS IS 2 OF 5 ITEMS PURCHASED I DID NOT RECEIVE I WILL BE VERY LEARY OF DOING BUSINESS ON AMAZON AGAIN , I ALSO DID NOT GET ANY REFUND JUST WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS ONE .
 Very poor quality , it broke within 3 months , game just quit working but my other games still work so I know it is the game and not the cyber pocket.vtech has poor quality , I am also on my 4th cyber pocket but I have so much money stick into the games I hate to not have th cyber pocket . My 4 and 6 year old did love it the short time it worked .
 The frame on this table is sturdy , but the blue top is not synthetic . It is just pressboard with a thin veneer glued on top . It would not do well in outdoor conditions , as is stated in the product description .
 table has uneven bounce . I had $ 200 table from sears which had better bounce that this table .
 The ribbon was n't lightweight so you really need to move your hand/arm vigorously to make it stay afloat . The long length also contributes to tangling . It 's too difficult for a young child .
 So * this * is why all Americans extol the dubious virtues of the Icteridae , and diss the indefatigable glories of the European Blackbird -LRB- known in Golden Age Latin as Turdus merula Caesar Augusti -RRB- . Already as easily impressionable kids , their oppressive bourgeois-imperialist-Southern families give them Icterid plush toys !!! Since the Dixiecrats of the state congress of `` North '' Carolina -LRB- make that SOUTH Carolina Mark 2 -RRB- refuse to take firm and decisive action , I demand an extraordinary meeting of the European Council and a firm letter of protest to the Grand Dragon of the Carolinas , or whatever they call their unfortunate state governor down there . If these obnoxious toys are n't removed before the Icterid breeding season , French and Norwegian troops will be stationed at strategic places around Raleigh to make sure that the Council 's decision is firmly adhered to.Citizens of the 13 colonies , this is not an attack on your right to buy and sell gorgeous plush toys per say , this is pure consumer protection for your own good . Besides , when the Sixth Book of Moses in the Dominion Scriptures mentions `` blackbirds '' , that 's obviously a reference to the Old World species , that dwelleth in the fair country of Edom from time immemorial . Come on , North Carolina was n't even * concieved * when the Sixth Book was written down on golden plates.All honest , law-abiding citizens who care for the welfare of their little ones , should support the European Blackbird and its immidiate introduction to the 48 contiguous states of the Union . Long live Turdus merula merula ! Down with the nefarious impostors and interlopers of the avian world , the Icteridae !
 I have several Corolle dolls for my three year old and love them . So when my baby arrived 7 months ago , I was so excited to get a doll that was meant just to be used just for her . The features seemed great
 If you are an avid Beanie collector , you will notice right offthat the one they are displaying on the picture is a fake beanie . Tynever has thick ribbon on beanie babies , only on beanie buddies . Also his feet are not like that , they have no pads on the feet what so ever . I 've been collecting for years , and I also own the real Millenium Bear and it does n't look like this bear at all ! Please make sure you look at the pictures carfully before you get ripped off ! ...
 The clock quit working after 18 hours . I contacted the company . They replaced the item immediately . Replacement clock seems to be working fine .
 I had to return this item . Description stated 18 inch toy , however when I received this item it was a small 6 inch McDonalds toy that they used to give out in Happy Meals . Amazon was very helpful with the return .
 Most fish have bad eye sight . They probably do n't know these other swimming ornaments are fake.Small fish will get intimidated very easily ... I can imagine these huge sharks such as the Hammer & Great White giving Goldie-fish a heart-attack ! -LRB- Shark Reef , Uncle Milton , or Discovery Kids -RRB- Did not consider the aquatic consequences of this toy .
 I bought this toy for my shark-crazed 5 year-old ... she was so stoked and we prepped the tank , added the recommended water chemicals and dropped in two small goldfish . Less than 24 hours later , they were dead . Repeat ... 40 hours later ... same story . We tried a single Betta , Frank , but less than 4 days later ... he 's dead . We do n't know what it is . The water was tested , it 's fine . We think it is the overall design of the tank , could the tight-fitting lid be responsible ? Possibly ammonia by-product buildup from the fish ? Who knows . But we have given up and are dumping this promising toy into the trash bin .
 Followed all directions , added fish , within hours the fish were `` sleeping '' on the bottom of the tank . Luckily they had not entered the never ending sleep so I took them out putting them in a bowl of water and after an hour they started getting better . Changed the water in the tank this time using distilled water , added fish , 3 hours later they were lying motionless on the bottom . took them out and put them in another bowl of water and they got better . Something is seriously wrong with this tank . Bought regular plastic tank at the pet store added fish and guess what ... they are doing great ! Do not put fish in the shark tank . They will die .
 The shark reef is very cool looking , has very good instructions and is beautifully constructed . However the three sharks that they give you to put in with the live fish , really crowd the other fish - they did n't look happy . So we took the sharks out and they were happier , but 2 days later the larger fish died . 2 smaller fish remain , but based on what I read about aquariums , smaller aquariums are difficult to maintain because the PH levels can get off easily due to excess food or excess waste produced by the fish . I worry that my son will get disappointed if we keep losing fish ...
 My 4 year son is learning about the fragility of life the hard way with this tank.Two Goldfish , two flushes . If I take the struggling fish out of the tank and put it in a fish bowl it seems to come around , but they wo n't last 24 hours in this tank . I 've followed the directions to a T , Adjusted the pH , tried lights on lights off , pump on pump off , even used bottled water , but the fish just do a slow fade when in the tank .
 This tank kills fish . We have lost four fish in less than a week . At first we thought we had done something wrong , but after reading the instructions several times , testing the water , and talking to the pet store , we have determined that it is the tank . We knew something was up when our two fish died at almost the same time -LRB- just a couple hours apart -RRB- . We replaced the fish and the same thing happened . We will not be sentencing any more fish to death in this dud of a tank .
 We bought this for my son for Christmas , on the conditon that he never put fish in it , since the reviews said it killed fish . That worked fine until he won a fish at the school carnival . Of course it had to go in with the sharks . So with freshly treated water and a prayer , we put the fish in . The next day it was very listless and lying along the bottom . After checking the reviews , I saw one where the person removed the fish and they recovered . So we 've taken the beta out and are waiting to see if it will survive . I still would rate this aquarium 1 star for cool looks and lights , but it 's very noisy and I believe it kills fish .
 This is simply a fish torture device ! It will kill fish quickly . No filtration , etc. . So , if you want your child to learn about losing a loved one ... get this . If you want your child to have pet fish , go out and get a proper aquarium so they will live and prosper . Do not by this product!Smarter Grampa and Grandma
 We were so excited when we saw this fish tank . It is so cute . My son had a happy and healthy two week old carnival goldfish that we could n't wait to put in it . We went right out to get him a friend as well . Within 24 hours the new fish died . We had the water tested bought water conditioner and bought another new fish . Within 24 hours again , it died . The original goldfish was still alive and kicking but seemed to be running out of steam . Heartbroken and perplexed as to why this was happening , I went online and did some research . I was AMAZED at the reviews I found and am stunned that everyone has had the same results ! I immediately moved `` goldie '' to a new home . Thanks to all your reviews we still have our beloved carnival fish !
 The biggest educational value this tank provides is the lesson of life and death . This tank kills all fish !!!! They should recall this horrible tank .
 We had two sobbing boys the day after we put fish in this thing . DO NOT BUY THIS TANK .
 haha too funny image has a sticker that they paid $ 25 and are selling it here for $ 40some people just amaze me shakes head
 Only worked on very smooth glass for us ... which was disappointing . But very funny when it does work : -RRB-
 It mightve been ok if this was what I was looking for the title sais beanie buddy but I received the baby instead : -LRB-
 This is not really a toy but more like a decoration or shelf-sitter . It 's on a round base and has the robot on one side and the truck on the other . Does n't look like like it 'd hold up to play , I do n't know though , I 'm returning it and getting an action figure .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . He LOVES Max and Ruby . When I got it I was suprised at how small it was . It 's a very small and thin tin container . None the less ... I wrapped it and put it under the tree . When he opened it he was very excited because it was Max and Ruby . Unfortunately that excitment faded quick when it was opened . It had tiny little thin magnets inside and three PAPER backgrounds . The magnets barely stick to the paper which you have to prop up on the tin container and my son was getting so frustrated with them falling off . It 's a junky toy and certainly not worth the $ 30.00 it cost to get it !
 The accessories are magnets , the case is metal , but the backgrounds that you are supposed to arrange the accessories on are paper . Somehow my daughter still enjoys playing with them on a flat , non-moving surface , but I do n't understand how they would be good for travel because the magnets slide all over the paper at the lightest touch . Very strange .
 I ordered this product on December 10th , and was promised delivery between December 16th and 19th . On December 23rd , I was informed that my order was cancelled . So much for the Christmas present for my nephew ! I note that the seller was `` orange onion . '' As my product was never delivered , Amazon does not allow for me to review the provider , so unfortunately the review for the car itself does n't have one . Even though it was not delivered during the dates promised and cancelled on the 23rd , Amazon still has `` Available '' on its website.I would highly discourage ordering any product that has `` OrangeOnion '' as the provider . Apparently Amazon does n't have its act together either as it still says the product is available even though they sent me an email notifying that my order was cancelled.Hugely disappointing to both me and my nephew .
 Want to buy something cheap that wo n't last and will bring more frustration to your child and yourself than anything else . This product is what you need !
 We bought this so that my son could see ALL the facets of adding and subtracting numbers , and especially to address a problem my first grader was having with lining up the numbers under the actual equation . Yes , this calucator shows the problem - but NOT the steps they teach in school . There are no ` figuring ' steps , so he still has no idea how to carry over numbers , or borrow for substraction , or add a zero for double-digit addition . There 's nothing showing him how the answer was found - just that there is an answer . He certainly knew this from the other calculators in the house . In other words , the only thing this calculator does is set up the problems in school format - it does n't show how to solve it , step by step , which is what is required by the school . We are back to square one , and my son is no closer to solving a two-digit subtraction problem than he was before we bought this . But he 's having fun pushing the buttons .
 The calculator colors are very gaudy , however the display is very bad and you can execute operations with big numbers .
 Another Christmas morning dud . It 's so dim you can barely make out what 's being displayed . Again , I tossed the packaging so it 's just another waste of $ . See my night light review .
 Good overall design , except that the keys are of poor quality , so you often have to push twice before a number appears . This really detracts from the use of this product -LRB- my son gets frustrated when using it -RRB- . There are many similar products out there , try them out . It is borderline useable , so I will not return it , but I would not buy it again . Not recommended.To the manufacturer
 The screen is way less resolution than the pictures would have you believe . The multiplication X sign is more like four slashes that do not come together at the middle - does not look like a multiplication sign unless you know what you are looking at . The numbers are skinnier too because of the low resolution . It actually claims `` high resolution '' on the back of the package but in no way is that true . We were very disappointed and sent it back .
 My husband purchased this at a GREAT price on a Lighting Deal for the family as a Summer Game room addition - -LRB- to help keep our 13 year old at home with his friends for the summer -RRB- ... and I am NOT all that happy!It took almost a month to get to us and when it did - we were so ecstatic to add this to our game room ! ... However ... after breaking 2 backs to put it together - it did NOT live up to what we were expecting!Despite the HIGH price it is NOT as fun as the `` old fashioned '' kind that our local Walmart has in their game room!The duel blowers do NOT seem to blow enough and the puck is cheap and if it gets the slightest ding in it must be sanded down with sandpaper to reuse -LRB- or it wo n't slide at all ! -RRB- * Will try pledge like the other poster - but do n't feel I should have to!The paddles are CHEAP and we went though 3 just to have `` 1 '' hold on to the felt for my husband to play ! -LRB- BTW - NO extra felt was included ! -RRB- All in all - if it was n't so much trouble to put together this thing would GO BACK ! Such a waste of good money ! : -LRB-
 For the price this table is listed at I expected a bar quality experience . While the size and weight of the product matches up to its beer soaked brothers , the game play does not.The number one problem with this table is that the pucks are extremely small , slim , and light weight - and yet they STILL drag across the surface . They feel like pucks that would come with a cheap all-in-one hockey/foosball table . Even with twin blowers the puck quickly looses momentum . Playing the advertised `` solo '' game is very difficult when the puck rarely returns to you.The computer which controls the scoring system came with a dead sound chip on mine . A call to the company revealed they would be willing to replace the box if i still could n't get it to work after following some trouble shooting documents . Either there is sound , or there is n't sound - there really is n't anything to trouble shoot.The laminate on the table is slightly bumped at every blow hole , creating further drag on the puck . The company claims this is abnormal , and that the table amazon sent me must have been stored in a humid place.I was wary about the fact this table does not have actual goal slots . Every person I have shown the table to has the same response - they like the sound the puck makes when it scores . Although it is very interesting having moving goal slots , and I do like the ability to change the goal size on the fly . Having the goal change size AND jump around creates a very random game.Pros : Solid built tableHeavy -LRB- wo n't shift as players lean into it -RRB- Novel goal systemCons : Sub par blowersToy size pucksI can not recommend this table . I got mine at an astounding discount during a lightning deal , and I still question whether or not the table is worth what I paid for it . I expected a professional game room quality table , and instead I got a very very expensive toy.With better quality fans the game would be much much more enjoyable.Update
 I too purchased this table at a much reduced price during a lightning deal . The table has many problems and repeated attempts to contact the manufacturer have failed , they will not return a phone call.The goal system on this table does not work ; it randomly registers goals even when no one is playing.The puck comes in contact with the playing surface and stops in several locations on the table . It seems there are many blocked holes in the perforated playing surface . There is a inch air gap under the playing surface and the surface is supported by wooden slats with channels cut in them , presumably to permit air flow to the holes . Because of sloppy workmanship , the slats are misaligned and cutting off air to the holes in the playing surface , not just one or two holes but rows of holes have no air flow.This table is solid but , because of sloppy workmanship and a complete lack of customer service , it 's beyond repair and going back .
 For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- I was expecting more than a few bits of plastic and card , and a leaflet explaining how to do up to 50 trcks . It 's almost exactly the same as a present I recieved as a present 50 years ago . The use of terms such as ` sensational ' and ` European quality ' are misleading .
 As an educational toy , this product is a failure . It does NOT consistently recognize the coins correctly . About 75 % of the time it was wrong . Not a good way to teach kids ! Also , the bank we received stuttered constantly like a record skipping and would not shut off . Bad product all around !
 This bank constantly repeats `` FEED ME , FEED ME '' at the lightest touch in an annoying and loud voice . Sometimes it gets caught in a stutter and you have to remove the batteries -LRB- using a screwdriver -RRB- to get it to stop . It rarely recognizes the coins correctly . Most of the time a penny reads as a quarter . Quarters often read as dimes or pennies . IT 'S WORTHLESS IF YOU WANT YOUR CHILD TO LEARN TO RECOGNIZE AND COUNT CHANGE ! I thought the first one was defective , until I returned it and the second one was just as bad . Overall the product is made out of cheap brittle plastic that if given a chance would likely break within a week under normal use.In short . It 's annoying , it does n't work , it 's cheaply made and will just end up taking space in a landfill . DO NOT BUY !
 miscounts . resets . and rarely recognizes the coins.excellent idea . but piss poor execution.just pass on this one .
 My six-year-old is very frustrated with this bank . The pig frequently miscounts coins . It suddenly resets to $ 0.00 without warning and you have to start all over again . Do n't waste your money on this pig !
 The ball came lobsided in the mail and when i pumped it up it remained lobsided . I guess I should have not ordered a soccer ball through the mail but I did n't think it would be permanenty damaged by the shipping . Both of our faults .
 I love the My First LeapPad system and my son has so much fun using it . Unfortunatly , the SpongeBob Square Pants Best Friend Adventures I purchased was defective . What I first noticed was that the pages were just a tad too wide to fit into the system . I could tell from comparing it to other books that there was extra space on one side . I tried to remedy this myself by shaving off a tiny bit to make it fit into the system . Once it fit and we tried out the book I found that all the sensors or touchpoints were way off , an inch or so in some cases.I called the companies customer service department and through the conversation also found that the pages were out of order and possibly missing . The gentleman was very nice and helpful and sent me a replacement book . But that book did n't fit ! And it had the same problem with the pages being out of order.I have emailed the company and asked to have a replacement with a completely different title . I think 2 defective books of the same title is enough of a hassle and we will move onto a new one . This was the only book we have had trouble with . All the other titles have fit and worked just fine for us.Kudos for their customer service department though !
 My daughter received this as a Christmas 2003 gift from her grandparents . They ordered it by mail . Well , she was all excited to finally open this easel and get it set up for use . She was very disappointed that one of the legs was broken nearly 3/4 of the way through at the hole for the crossbar . If I had put it together , it would have broken off completely . It LOOKED nice and sturdy , and was certainly heavy enough . Also , it does n't come with ANY supplies ! How much does chalk cost ? Fifty cents ? And no markers for the dry erase board ! For the price of this unit , some markers and chalk should be added . Well , back to the store it goes !
 My son got this as a gift and we were both excited about it . It was easy to assemble and I could n't wait to do lessons with him on it . The dry erase board worked well and cleaned well with the wipe off markers . What disappointed me was that the chalk board would not accept the chalk . I used 3 different types of chalk . Then in 2 days the screws that held the paper feeder bar were popping out . I did contact PJ KIDS customer service and they are looking into my problem with this item . It could be that I got the defected one out of the bunch . But I can sure tell you it was n't fun !
 its a rip off.guess what mine always sleep.you get tired of it it sucks.you should have sims 2
 This is totally unacceptable for a teenager . I ended up sending it back . There was no ratings for this product or acceptable ages . I woul n't like to even give it a one .
 this toy was horrible , a babyish toy and i think only 5 year-olds will have fun with this . it was so irritating and i could n't find the intructions and their a ripe-off and it wastes your money and it really does n't teach you anything . i do n't like it and i am only a third grader . i hope this will open up your minds up to the truth .
 Tamagotchi Connexion version 2 was released shortly before my birthday . I have a Connexion version 1 at the moment and never got a version 2 but I had to look after one very frequently.It is fun for starters . You pull out the tab and an egg will appear . When it hatches , you see if it is a girl or boy . If you can not tell the difference between them it will tell you at the bottom of the screen unlike version 1 . You name it and look after it as an infant until it evolves into a kid , then a teenager , then an adult where it can mate . If you do n't mate at all , the Matchmaker will come or your Tamagotchi will turn into an elder . While looking after your Tamagotchi you feed it , clean up its poop -LRB- yuk ! -RRB- and discipline it . There are four games to play which keep your Tamagotchi 's weight down . It will not play if it is underweight . You can go to the shop and buy it useless items . Treats do n't do anything but add on weight and sometimes make your Tamagotchi unhappier or sometimes happier . Items do n't affect your Tamagotchi 's health but the Tamagotchi can connect via Infrared and send those items . The only useful item is probably the Diet Soda.Before I go on , the four games are these
 Still waiting to receive the correct products I ordered ! Im sure I will love it because my nursery will be finished once I finally receive the lampshade I ordered .
 This pen brakes right away . As soon as it came to my house it was broken already . this is very fragile so DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay , let 's get something clear , for starters , I bought this pen because I had a dollar or two to waste . So , that said , It should be pretty clear how my expectations for this product were . However , I assumed this would be a pen that was semi-functional at least . I did n't even get that . What I got was junk shaped like a pen . Worthless , not even worth a penny .
 Junk I order 6 pen and only 1 out of 6 just work . This product I would n't advise for know 1 to buy
 I could not get this pen to work at all . The only thing it was good for was writing and that 's not why I bought it . It 's cheaply made and I definitely DO NOT recommend it .
 This pen does n't shock at all and the battery weres out . Also it is very low quality . I do not recommend this .
 I was really excited and when it got to my house I opened the package and I clicked the button and it did n't work . I opened the pen and I saw the batteries had the acid all over them and it did n't even work . PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This pen was so low-quality -- it broke as I was trying to figure out how to work it . Excellent concept for a practical joke , but they could make this soooo much better !
 I purchased this gsg shock pen and when i got it it was already falling apart and it did n't even give a good shock you could barley even notice it .
 A friend purchased a similar pen that worked both as a pen and had a pretty good shock . This pen 's shock is almost not noticeable . New Batteries made no difference .
 Bought this scope on a whim as astronomy and the study of the stars has always been of interest to me since I was a kid . Set up was relatively easy , but once I looked through it ... oh the disappointment . I was able to set up the viewfinder , but mount failed to keep objects within the finders field of view . And once you get something in the scope , the vibration and poor mount make it impossible to even focus without causing the scope to go into an irritating bout of shaking . I tried it for 4-5 nights in a row , and returned it . I went out and bought a cheap 10X50 set of binoculars and they work as well , without headache of this scope.On a good note , it looks nice . Too bad the functionality is utterly unreasonable .
 This item 's description is completely inaccurate . The manufacturer claims `` This strap-on waist pouch is perfect for carrying money , keys , wallet , sunglasses , grotesque bas-reliefs , horrible soapstone statues , summoning salts , flasks of space mead , talismans , fetishes and human remains . '' Based on this , I gave it to a close friend for her birthday . Yet the first time she actually attempted to use to transport some ordinary medium-sized human remains , it tore open a portal in the fabric of space-time ! Several vast loathsome shapes seeped down from the dark stars above the the nightmare corpse-city of R'lyeh and drove a half-dozen neighbors insane with unending nightmares before they gropingly squeezed their gelatinous immensity back through the black doorway . FAIL.However , when I took the product to my local university to consult with a Professor of Ancient and Evil Antiquities , I was told that the pouch is probably vigintillions of years old , which does speak highly of its durability . It really is quite a value at this price ! Two stars .
 Generally , when you think of something that has been factory refurbished you assume certain things will be fixed or replaced if they show damage or excessive wear . I 'm not sure who works in the Meade refurb department but I 'm guessing they were having a rotten day that day.The telescope arrived FedEx ground . Upon opening the box a few small broken pieces of black plastic fell out . I discovered the rear plate behind the mirror was fractured , although it might 've happened in shipping . The tube was also dented in a couple of places . After it was assembled and configured -LRB- strictly by the manual -RRB- , on the first try when the Autostar attempted to slew to a southern star for alignment it raised the tube all the way past 90 degrees and began clicking . Each subsequent attempt -LRB- fresh batteries -RRB- did the same thing . A couple days later the Autostar just gave a motor error message and quit trying . The buttons on the handheld unit were squishy and sometimes entered data twice.The 25mm eyepiece gave decent results but the 9mm and the Barlow 2x were much too dark to be useful . The focus mechanism was coarse , stiff and difficult to use on the very loose alt axis . The best results were turning the bare gears by hand to slew the scope . The tripod seemed a little too cheaply made to be stable enough to use regularly.In short , do n't expect much for this price . I would suggest paying a little extra for an equatorial mount and learning how to manually find what you 're looking for instead of depending on a very , * very * poorly made computer controller . I wo n't call Meade for warranty repair since it would probably be better to get a refund and go with a different brand.Pros
 sounds like it could be a great product but I bought it as a gift and when we set it up we could not see anything through it . We followed the instructions carefully but have no experience with a telescope so found it highly frustrating . Neither myself nor the recipient had the time to spend calling customer service or trying to return it -LRB- HUGE box ! -RRB- so it sits unused and annoys me everytime I see it sitting there !
 The grease worked very well for my RV application . I have one issue , the pIcture of the tube is misleading . No where did the . Amazon ad state the contents wt . or volume . When I got the grease it was in a small tube containing about 5 grams . Very small indeed . Oh , the label on the tube did not specify net contents as well .
 My son was so excited to get this toy , but when he took it out of the box he could not get the glove to stay on his hand , and all the other parts would not stay on , they were popping off all the time . He was very disappointed , and so was I.
 It was n't as expected . The monkey was not very soft , quite hard . Our baby had to sit up to play with it because while laying down the teething rings can hit her on the head and leave a small mark .
 This is a very beautiful set . When I tried to use it for the first time , I was not able to write even one letter ! It did not come with instructions , so I did n't know if it was something I was doing wrong . I looked on the internet to find out how to use the pen . It said to simply dip the pen into the ink and that the pen will write at least a couple of lines before having to be redipped . I have not been able to write even a full word without having to dip it about 3 times .
 Bought this for each of my sons -LRB- so they would n't fight -RRB- and they play with them sometimes but the disk attachment does n't fit in batmans grip . I have two and neither one worked . The arms and legs do not bend so there is not much you can do with it .
 This medium size Pegasus was ordered thru Amazon for my granddaughter 's birthday , along with a number of other gifts . Everything else arrived in plenty of time for her birthday except for this Pegasus which came nearly a week after the party . The figure itself is very nicely detailed and well-made , but its late arrival was a disappointment . For that reason , I have given it two stars instead of five .
 As a child , I played a more solid , slightly larger , and far more challenging version of this game . Recently my son encountered a version similar to the one I played as a child and became fascinated by the challenge of it -- so much so that he used his Christmas money to buy this game online , which he thought was the same thing.Unfortunately , the excitement my son felt when he received this game was short-lived . Realizing the game was slightly less substantial , with a smaller steel ball , thinner rods , and more flimsy frame , was only slightly off-putting . The real problem was that he was able to move the ball to the highest hole on the first try . And his second . And his third.I tried it , and sure enough , I hit the highest hole over and over , only occasionally failing to make the goal . The original game was -LRB- and is still -RRB- very challenging , and takes many , many attempts to work your skills to manipulate the ball higher up the slope . In cheapening the manufacture of this game , they messed up the dynamics of it , and it has lost all of its challenge and thus playability.My son has wisely chosen to return it , and unfortunately will lose the shipping charges both ways from his Christmas money . A tough first lesson in e-commerce for him .
 I got this hoping to better support the high power of LiPo batteries in a Stampede VXL 4x4 . But metal edges are sharp and stripped out my expensive wheels . I would n't recommend these metal hubs with plastic wheels .
 What exactly has happened to Batman in the last ten years ? Batman , a self-styled creature of the night . Batman , a vengeant wraith cutting through the wicked like a swathe through grain . Batman , a mere human who excels in a world of superhumans using only his skills and his intelligence . Batman the Just . Batman the Merciful . Batman the Teal.Whoa , whoa , whoa , Batman the Teal ? I never got the memo about THAT one . Yet here he stands , teal and gold and white -- white ! When does Batman EVER wear WHITE ? This is not the Batman who beat the invincible Superman to a bloody pulp in The Dark Knight Returns ! Whencefore comes this charlatan?From the deep bowels of the DC marketing giant , that 's where . One could not ask for a more intestinally stirring kick in the pants than this despicable monstrosity of an action figure . His costume is so loud Aquaman would n't even look twice at it , and we all know he 's a little on the fishy side . His very moniker reeks of advertising rhetoric -- `` Anti-Freeze '' Batman ? Does he change my oil and rotate my tires , too ? For the love of Oa , what is up with those impossibly-mounted arm-cannons that apparently launch to-scale cruiseliner anchors ? Batman is LITHE . Batman is QUICK . Batman does not carry around a pair of crossbows that fire stingrays -- not stingray missiles , mind you ; ACTUAL STINGRAYS . Even his SHOES are a joke -- did he chop the feet off of a Chocobo from Final Fantasy and dye them blue?Batman , Batman , Batman . You are doing your legacy a terrible disservice . Give Frank Miller back the reins , and get out of this kiddie market nonsense .
 I completely understand the previous reviewer 's gripe ... toy makers make 1,000 different ` mock-ups ' of our favorite superheroes because they ca n't do well just selling a plain old Batman or a plain old Spiderman . SO they make up things like Artic Batman or Green Glowing Nuclear Waster Batman or some junk . As a fan of comic books and cartoon , I never cared much for these ` marketing alternate ' figures . But you know what ? Toy companies have been doing this for DECADES . Ever since I was a wee lad ... so why all the bi *** hing ? It 's nothing new . Man , even kids do n't whine like that . Get over it.These neon-colored , accesory-laden -LRB- Batman w / a BUZZSAW ? What he 's doing ? Cutting down evil trees ? -RRB- may be gawdy ... but kids - most kids - love em . And that 's who these things are marketed to . You want a really cool collectible Batman ? Then go out and get something from DC Direct ... like the Jim Lee Batman statue . My step-son has about 3 or 4 of these weird Bat ` men ' and he loves them.If your kids like Batman , they 'll like this . If you 're a big kid who wants collectibles , then may I suggest you go to a comic-book store or look for collectibles online , and stop rooting through the kids stuff .
 I ordered hundreds of Amazon products and have never had such an obvious ripoff problem as this was . The Amazon packaging -LRB- this is Amazon fulfilled -RRB- was perfectly fine , as usual , and the cardboard box depicting the backgammon game inside looked fine too.But when I reached in and slid out the backgammon attache case board I heard something else banging around inside the box , and that was the handle of the attache case itself . The four screws that once held it into place were nowhere to be found . The four screw holes where the handle USED to be attached were there , and they were torn and ugly . Clearly someone had ripped out the handle by brute force . Inside the 15 black and 15 white pieces had been packaged in clear cellophane wrap to hold them together but the wrapping was broken open , still left in there , and the pieces were all over the place . Then the side boards which hold the pieces off the playing board were pulled out and stuck in diagonally amidst the mess of 30 playing pieces . The dice were in a resealable little plastic bag , which looked dirty and frequently reopened.In short used crappy goods passed off as new . Never again John Hansen Co , never again .
 Well it &#8217; s a backgammon board , but that &#8217; s about it . For $ 50 I didn &#8217; t expect it to be great , but this is pretty bad . First of all , the way the points are sowed onto the playing surface there is a inch flap that gets caught on the checkers if you slide them from one point to the next . I &#8217; m guessing they will eventually begin to pull up after extensive use.The most disappointing part of the board is that the points are positioned off-center . So on one side of the board there is a gap and the other side doesn &#8217; t allow the checkers to fit without overlapping onto the next point.As I said , for $ 50 I did n't expect it to be great , but the fact that the points are off center along with being poorly attached to the playing surface leads me to a 2 star rating .
 I just got this figure today and when I took it out of the package the arm BROKE OFF !!!!! It was $ 44.95 and I could n't believe that it fell apart so easily . Do not buy this figure because it is a rip off !!!!!!
 This figurine is actually a character fir the movie James and the Giant Peach not from The Nightmare Before Christmas at all .
 My 5 year old just had to have a circular saw `` like daddy 's '' . The toy saw in this kit looks like a cross between my worm drive framing saw and the sidewinder I use for trim , so it meets that criterion . But it 's a glutton for batteries . For the price , I was n't expecting the quality of a Milwaukee or Makita tool , but I am disappointed by the battery life.The other tools in the set , level , pliers , wrench , screwdriver , hammer and c-clamp are comparable to the other play tools my son has been given the past few years . Nothing outstanding in quality , but they are fine for indoor creative play when he is not out in the shop with me , using his growing collection of real tools.Advice to parents , get your kids some toy tools for play , but buy them REAL safety goggles and REAL over the ear hearing protectors . Train them to use both NOW . I began using power tools early in life without hearing protection and I am seriously paying for it .
 We purchased these , along with the saw set for our son , and they looked so cute . When they arrived , they are thin plastic and hollow . I do not think they would have lasted working on his tool bench . For the price I thought they would have been less flimsy .
 My son was extremely excited to get this toy . He saw one at a relative 's house a couple months ago , and he could n't stop saying `` Ninja Wheelie Time '' . On Christmas morning , we even heard him on the monitor saying it before we even got out of bed . To his surprise , Santa had gotten him one . The orange one . Just what he wanted . But after only about an hour of playing -LRB- and he 's not really rough on his toys -RRB- he decided to push the button while it was on the kitchen table . It rolled off and to its death . From that point on , none of the buttons work . It 's still , lifeless , and quiet . Physically , it is pretty sturdy . Even the `` training wheels '' that keep it standing appear to be made of metal . But the thing that makes it SO COOL to kids , the electronics , the wheelie , the noise of the engine , are cheap . And they broke much too soon .
 Item arrived in box that is torn and damaged beyond reason , was poorly constructed , and a complete waste of time and money . I would n't recommend this item to anyone for any reason .
 Well , we did n't expect a whole lot of quality for under $ 40 , but generally this was a disappointing toy for my musical 5-yr old . The mic volume seemed to give up after a day , and the keys not delivering much of a true sound -LRB- more is n't always better -RRB- . The pre-loaded songs on the cartridge quite cute , as was the echo effect for the mic .
 I bought this product because it advertised expandable sing-along cartridges , but found out no sing-along cartridges are available other than the 3 song sample cartridge . How is that not deceptive?The sound quality is also poor .
 We bought this piano specifically because of the microphone . You have to press the microphone button down if you want to sing into it which makes it impossible for a child to play the piano & sing into the microphone at the same time . The volume is very low . I mean you can barley hear it low . Also my daughter pushed down 2 buttons at the same time & the piano started making a noise like a fax machine . We had to take the batteries out to get it to stop . The music cartridge plays adult themed songs which I do not feel appropriate for younger kids . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Unfortunately , I did n't listen to Luke on this one . As a semi-avid collector a.k.a. `` geek boy '' of Star Wars related toys , my interest lies in the figures rather than the vehicles and spaceships , but the reviews on this toy had me thinking that it was the best thing since sliced bread . Though , I thought it was a little too pricey , I had to admit that it sure looked neat . So after mulling it over for a few days , I finally went out and grabbed one . Boy was that a mistake ! This Falcon is nothing more than cheaply molded plastic . I could even spot some deformities -LRB- bumps and ridges -RRB- on the outside hull and interior where the plastic did n't form well against the molding during manufacturing . But what really surprised me was the overall lack of detail . Hasbro tried to offset this by including decals which had to be manually placed all over the ship . The instructions were pretty vague as to where some of the stickers went , but the fact that they were n't added initially during manufacturing to begin with was frustrating . I eventually left a good deal off either because the spaces were so tight which made it too difficult to place the stickers on straight or because I had no idea where they specifically went . If I 'm going to pay this much for a toy , I expect Hasbro to do most of the legwork . Otherwise , you should expect to put aside twenty to thirty minutes adding all the decals.The outside of the ship is fairly nice . I liked the battle damage and the simulated wear and tear . However , I was very disappointed when I took off the outside cover to look inside the ship . The chess table was a nice addition , but there was virtually no room to pose any figures around it . There is also a gun turret in the middle of the ship , but good luck fitting Han or Luke on the seat without it falling off . The cockpit is also way too small with only room enough to fit one figure . Some reviewers were complaining about the cardboard backdrop and how it made the interior of the ship smaller , but I understand some room was needed to house the electrical circuits needed to power the sound effects and lights . There will be a day , I 'm hoping , when Hasbro will release a Falcon that 's up to scale in relation to its figures . Granted , it will be huge and not that practical as a toy , but it 'd look sooooo coooool ... The toy 's only saving grace is the cool sound effects and lights . To get the proper effect , just turn off the lights in your room and flip on the switch that lights up the Falcon 's engine and aft lights . Turn on the sound effects and you can pretend that the Falcon is flying in deep space . Not that I did any of this ... I 'm just saying you should try it ; - -RRB- Had this toy been any cheaper , it might have been worth the investment . They say you get what you pay for , however , in my opinion , I paid a lot and got little in return . This Falcon is nothing more than cheap plastic that was hastily slapped together to tie in with the release of the trilogy on DVD .
 My 31/2 year old son learned what the word `` cheap '' means when we bought this toy for him recently . It started falling apart as I was taking it out of the box . The thing would n't stay together . We exchanged it for Hasbro 's Junior version of the Millennium Falcon that is built much more durable and comes with junior action figures , which I highly recommend .
 I just bought this toy for my 5 year old son who is a huge Star Wars fan . He loves it although it does tend to fall apart . But here is the kicker
 Our 7 year old son purchased this toy after saving up his birthday money . $ 50 is an expensive toy for a 7 year old , but he decided that it was worth it . After all , the TIE fighter his brother bought with his birthday money has been a great toy.Unfortunatly , the Millennium Falcon did not live up to his -LRB- or our -RRB- expectations . Almost immediately after putting it together , we realized that there was a problem . Anything that was supposed to open would n't stay closed . Parts were literally falling apart every time the toy was moved.Long story short , within the first hour of opening the box , the toy had gone back into the box and my son had written a letter to Hasbro outlining his disappointment . The next day we returned the toy to the store for a refund.The good news is that our son learned a life lesson - things are not always what they look like on the box . The bad news is that other people might actually waste their money on this sorry toy .
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas . As soon as I started helping him put it together , I could tell it was a piece of junk . Everything you touch falls off . The landing gear ca n't even support the weight of the ship . The gun constantly falls off . It 's nice to look at , but if your child expects to play with it-don ' t buy it .
 What a piece of junk . My 41/2 son has been begging for this ship . How disappointing it was for my husband and I to explain why Santa gave him a broken toy . None of the pieces stayed on . My 21/2 son wanted it also . We thought it would be too old for him . So , much to our delight , we found a Millenium Falcon made by Playskool . It was much for durable and all pieces stayed in tact . We will be taking back the one by Hasbro and buying the Playskool one for my 41/2 year old .
 Landing gear falls off very easily . The bombay door does n't even attach . I took it back to the store and tried five other ship and could not get one of the bomby doors to stay on.The good part is the sounds and lights are excellent . Lots of space . I prefered the original over this one though , better constructed .
 I spent almost $ 50.00 for this for my son for Christmas . He has really wanted it . I agree that lights and sounds are very nice , but that is about it . The landing gear keeps falling off , they wo n't even support the weight of the ship its self.The ramp keeps falling off and I ca n't keep the cockpit top on . The gun touret is so far inward he ca n't get a figure to slide into it . If I knew then what I know now , I would have gotten him one of the orginal ones from ebay . Those were much bigger and much better constructed . After 5 min , my son pushed this to the side and went on to other toys . He was very disapointed.This is nothing like the original . You ca n't even put more than one figure in the cockpit . A very disapointing waste of $ 50.00 .
 We bought this spaceship for our 41/2 year old son . Pieces literally fell apart before he even got the Star Wars figures inside it . The gunner wo n't stay together , the large hatch door would not stay connected and the landing gear would n't stay attached . Overall it was very frustrating and disappointing considering how much we paid for it . It would be great fun if it would stay together . We traded it in for the Hasbro 's Junior version of the Millennium Falcon which was a big hit and seems to be much more durable .
 $ 214.99 for a Millenium Falcon ? Why paying that money if you can pay $ 169.99 for a newer , bigger and better Falcon?This is a Vintage Millenium Falcon , which basically is the same old Millenium Falcon toy that many people knew when they were kids in the 1980s . However , as a toy it delivers less value than the Legacy Collection Millenium Falcon -LRB- listed at Amazon as `` Star Wars 2.5 ' New Millennium Falcon '' -RRB- which is bigger and better . Why better ? Star Wars 2.5 ' New Millennium Falcon is more movie accurate , it has plenty of sounds and lights and the engine actually is lighted , it has an auto-opening ramp and even a medic bay . It has many other features that I will not describe here , as reviews of the other falcon describe.This Star Wars E3 OTC MILLENNIUM FALCON is a piece of junk , compared to the Star Wars 2.5 ' New Millennium Falcon . It is only good for nostalgia , but if you want value and playability you better do NOT buy E3 OTC MILLENNIUM FALCON.Also , the price , $ 214.99 , suggests this one is made of gold while it is not .
 My six year old son was so excited to get this for Christmas , he had been wanting this for about 6 months and he was thrilled to have received it.Unfortunatley due to the poor quality of this toy after about 2 days this has been stuck in the closet due to his frustration . The pieces keep falling off . The door on the bottom of the craft can not stay attached and the gun on top falls off as well . The toy itself looks great and has nice detail but unfortunatley its sturdiness lacks.The X-Wing Fighter is a much better toy.Save your money .
 My husband bought this for me as a gift to replace the Falcon I had as a child that was lost during a move . I was so excited !! However , when it came time to put the toy together my joy turned to total frustration . The first problem I encounter was trying to get the boarding ramp to attach . It is supposed to open and close once put together , but it would n't . It was either shut or off the vehicle entirely . The boarding struts that attach to the ramp fall off with the slightest touch . If your not very careful , the rear landing gear come out completely when you pull them out . And it just kept getting worse . The seat and seat support for the cannon go together poorly and the cannon that attaches to it from outside the ship comes in two halves that snap together , but fall apart if you try to move it.I finally had it all put together and tried to put the stickers on at this point . Well , as I moved it around to place stickers -LRB- not very well done stickers -RRB- , the faulty pieces started to fall off . I was done at this point . But my 8 yr old really wanted to play with it and I thought maybe we would get something out of it . Within 5 minutes he was done . It was just no fun with everything falling apart and the action figures do n't fit well in the cannon chair or the cockpit.The sound effects are cool and the outside scorch marks are a nice touch . But for this much money , it should be well made too.I would not recommend this to a collector and definitely not to a parent thinking of buying for a child . Total JUNK !!!
 I felt uneasy about buying this toy when you could not see the actual toy inside the box , just the picture on the outside . But I bought it anyway , ignoring my better judgment.On Christmas morning we got this thing out of the box and started putting it together . Instantly , I could see it was a piece of junk . We put the doors , guns , satellite dish on etc. and they went on ... but as soon as we moved something everything would fall off and we would have to start over again.I was just glad we had other toys that we could fall back on and play with as this particular toy was worthless . I was surprised that the `` Star Wars '' franchise let their name be put on something this bad.I am definitely going to return it and encourage everyone who bought it to do the same . Make Hasbo pay for producing something this bad .
 These blocks should not use the word `` UNIT '' in their description AT ALL.They are all tiny with no `` base '' blocks in this set , nor all the others available with checking the site.The concept of storage seemed worthwhile , and the price seemed great.However , the blocks are TINY and the TINIEST ones outnumber the others!I have no idea who is rating these blocks as so great if they do n't share the Lilliputian gene!Spend the money and get yourself a solid maple set from northern woodworkers . These are horrible.Avoid return shipping . I want to warn others to avoid my mistake.I 'd never seen these in stores and now know why!They ca n't sell in the retail market when seen by the eye to their miniature scale .
 My adult daughter was thrilled with the i-Dog she received for Christmas . Thanks to an email from Amazon , I was able to give her the Chill Set for her February birthday.A fun , reasonably priced gift .
 We bought the Pokedex Advanced for our six year old son on Sunday . Today is Thursday ... He LOVED it ! He has carried it with him everywhere since Sunday . This morning he was sitting on the couch looking up Pokemon when the screen went blank . Now it does n't even make noise . I tried leaving the batteries out and I tried two different brands of batteries in it . Still nothing . The toy has not been thrown or suffered any other trauma .
 I have bought 2 of these and BOTH broke in less than 5 minutes . The first one 's battery fell out as soon as my son started playing with it and his grandfather assumed he would just put the battery back in , but it did n't fix it . The screen went blank and it did not work after that . It still does n't . Then I thought it was a `` dud '' Pokedex so I bought another one for my son . He played it for about 2 minutes and all the sudden the screen froze and it started making a clicking and humming sound . I took out the battery in hopes to `` refresh '' the Pokedex and even after taking the battery out it STILL made the noises !! So I put the battery back in , but it did n't fix it . For 2 months the clicking and humming sounds went on and on and on . I wasted $ 60.00 on these pieces of junk ! -RRB- @ -LRB- # !
 Why do you think they invented the Pokemon games for Gameboy?Besides it 's 50 bucks . It 's at least $ 25 . DO N'T BUY IT , unless it goes down in price . Very low .
 I saved up for this toy my whole entire life i earned 30 dollars of hard work and spent the rest of my life savings for college and when i bought the pokedex i knew i had been `` ripped off '' and i did n't even fell like doing anything so i advise you to buy it until it is only $ 10 . Because now my life is wasted .
 This toy sucks.HATE IT !!!!!!!!! HATE IT !!!! I would give this peice of junk 0 stars , but it wasent an option .
 wow ! this toy is crap ! throw it away today ! i think your company should make a blow up pokemon so that my 6 yr old son can punch it without having to hurt himself . actually , i want one of your workers to come to my house and patch up all the holes in my walls ! good thing is it 's built strong to burn long . i think i 'll buy one every time we go camping ! well , CRAP got to go-my son 's punching another whole in the wall !
 I bought it on sale for $ 20 and it was still overprice . It feels like something you would get out of a kid 's meal at a fast food restaurant . The graphics are very simple -LRB- black and white -RRB- and on the mini games sometimes hard to see . We even had troubles setting it up because the directions are not very clear . Yes you can track your favorite characters and see some stats , but even my seven year old 's said it looked cooler on TV . In fact it has been sitting in a drawer since about two days after we got it . I would truly suggest passing this one over .
 and she was SOOOOO disappointed . At $ 8 per week , it took her over a month to save for this . In her words , `` $ 40 ! What a rip ! '' She thinks it 's `` neat '' , but not worth $ 40 . At least she 's learned from this experience to choose more wisely.Under `` durability '' it got three stars - primarily because she does n't play with it enough to break it .
 This product simply does not work . I purchased it for my 10 year old son and he was very happy when it arrived . However , it will not fit properly into the Advanced Game Boy so nothing works . He even went on line to make sure that it was connected correctly and it still does not work . We checked the batteries , tried over and over and nothing happens . This is not a product that I would recommend . It is very frustrating to him because he keeps trying to get it to work .
 My son loves Pokemon . He played with this for 5 minutes and said it was boring . Definitely not worth the money .
 This Pokedex is n't at all what I expected it to be . A Pokedex is meant to be a Pokemon encyclopedia , used for checking information on Pokemon . This , however , has games , incorrect information , and a screensaver . Honestly , why does it need a screensaver ? I doubt anyone 's going to be playing with it for that long , if they play with it at all . Normally it goes for about 30 bucks . I got mine for 5 bucks , and would gladly have my money back . It has only the advanced generation Pokemon , no National Dex programmed into it , and they have stupid errors ! For instance , spelling Sandshrew `` Sabdshrew '' . Overall a stupid game with low replayability . Stick with the games if you want to have fun .
 We 've got a Step 2 kitchen from our friends with TONS of extra stuff , but the two pots -LRB- the ones which actually make sounds -RRB- were missing.I searched on-line and found that for the set Amazon has the best price , however , if you only need Pot and Frying pan , as we do , go to Step2 replacement parts , they are 3 times cheaper than the whole set . If you got your kitchen from friends or other places , you probably already have plates and spoons , so why spend more on stuff you really do n't need .
 I would not recommend this product it broke very quickly and caused a severe rash on my daughter 's wrist . -LRB- Made in China possibly with lead -RRB-
 We have played with an old spinners game for quite a while , and wanted a newer one that allowed more people to play . Our old spinners game has brightly colored times from bright pint , purple , green , turquoise , yellow , orange etc. . My in-laws purchased us this game to add on , we have a large family . These tiles make it look like we are playing for the dead , all of the colors are dark from black , grey , dark burgundy , navy blue . My husband is color blind and can not play with these tiles . I wanted to return the set and order one of the older versions from the `` Used '' catagory , but , they do not seem to be available anymore . I can not trust this site to properly represent the product I am looking for .
 This is a great new game with one exception ... the colors on the dots are too close in color and are all dark in value . We prefer brighter dots so it is easier to recognize . After playing with brighter numbers in other sets , it is very frustrating to use this set . The spinner game is fun and a new twist to the regular domino 's . It just needs brighter colors !!
 These drums to not have a good sound to them . They also do not come with a Bongo stick . We are using they for decor only because they do not have any kind of sound except for bang bang bang . A box makes a better sound .
 I was shocked at how poorly made and cheap this `` bongo '' set was . It did n't make any musical sound when tapped on . It 's just paper glued on cheap wooden cups . Definitely skip these , it 's terrible .
 These bongos look really nice , but do not have a great sound . They do not `` pop '' with a bright happy bongo sound , but have a rather dull `` thud '' sound - pretty disappointing . I was hoping to get a really distinctive sound from this product . They are very heavy and small , too .
 I really have to start paying more attention to these reviews . Every time I 've received a substandard product , I find it reviewed as such later . This is not a bongo drum . I do n't know what it is , but it 's not that . The sound it makes is exactly like putting a piece of cardboard over a cylinder . Or an old coffee can . It 's absolute rubbish . Bongo 's have such a distinctive sound , they 're musical ; this is not . I returned this and bought Remo RHYTHM CLUB , Bongos , 5/6 Diameters , Rhythm Kids Graphics for just a few bucks more , and could not be happier .
 These drums were cheap and you get what you pay for . The drum skins were loose so they do n't sound good at all . I bought them for a 3 year old and she does n't seem to care so , eh .
 My three old had both drum heads busted completely out in about 10 minutes . I almost sent the bongos back when I opened them because the drum heads seemed like think construction paper at best but my son saw me open them . Huge wast of money - they were unusable after the first very short use and my son was only using it with normal drumming hands - nothing crazy or extra forceful .
 We bought this bongo for our grandson because he loves to bang on things that make cool sounds . These bongos have loose heads and only make a flat thud . Would have liked instructions as to how to tighten the heads . I googled that but they all talked about tigntening the bands with the screw tighteners-obviously intended for real musical instruments , not toys .
 This was a gift for our grandson whom we would see in a few weeks after receiving the bongos at our home . When we gave them to him , we were very disappointed in the skins on the bongos ... particularly the large one . `` Tight as a drum '' was not a fitting description as it was wavy and did n't produce the right sound . Then we took it from him so that he would n't use it -LRB- another disappointment -RRB- ; and , we would return it for a refund when we got home from our visit .
 Completley beyond the fact that these tops barely cover Barbie at all , they wo n't stay closed because of the button on the back that makes the fairy wings flap so you ca n't even get them on . When I did manage to get he blue top on it kept popping up over Barbies assets because it was so small . Really dont ' bother , this is a waste of money !!!
 this car can only reach about 5 mph When i try to turn , i ca n't even make a u turn i ran into the basketball hoop and the car cracked . the remote control is great though .
 This toy , a sort of colorform , just did n't stick as it should . My granddaughter found it extremely frustrating and I feel I wasted my money on it .
 These did not stick to the board provided and ripped easily . Duplicates or certain stickers , poor selection . Maybe I remember wrong but colorforms were far more fun when I was a kid .
 Please do n't waste your money on this cheap mess . I had colorforms when I was a child and this was nothing like the ones they use to make . These wo n't even stick to the board they include ... total waste of money !
 The package is cute and so are the characters , but they dont stick to the boards at all they curl and fall off . They are not good colorforms .
 I purchased this toy for my daughter as I had something similar as a kid , but when it arrived I was so disappointed ! I do n't know if I got a defective toy , but the alligator does n't `` dance '' at all . It just kind of drags along the floor then falls over cause his belly keeps hitting the carpet . Even when I moved it to our tile it did n't have a fluid motion and just kind of looked broken and struggled to stay upright . If the links in his belly were a half inch shorter this would work perfectly , but as is it did n't work at all and I had to return it .
 I returned this toy as poorly construction , small compared to picture , not durable by just looking at it . My granddaughter would not receive a toy like this from us . We should n't be charged with shipping either . This toy is junk I think , as well as the Whoozit I ordered for her , all these legs and not one sound from any . IT rattled barely when shook ; I 'm paralyzed and must shop online unfortunately few items or others will I ever purchase from Amazon . We were embarrassed but kept Whoozit due to price of shipping it was n't worth it . natm
 My 19-month-old received the dancing alligator as a Christmas gift and absolutely loved it until a small wooden dowel on the side of the face popped out . I found her playing with it , and thankfully got it from her.I do n't understand why a toy rated for children under two would have chokable pieces that pop out easily , especially for what I paid . I recommend the Melissa and Doug frolicking frog . All of the pieces are attached together by thick string.The alligator is just plain dangerous in my opinion .
 Battery is sealed inside . Once it dies , no way to replace unless you want to start undoing stitches .
 I just received this and the instructions comes with step by step instructions to build 2 different log house versions . I -LRB- the parent -RRB- tried to follow the instructions and found that you simply can not put together the house they 've shown . There are 75 pieces , just not enough as shown one their instruction sheets , you 're child will just have to put one together with his/her own imagination or follow the directions one third of the way through and then put a roof on instead of building a taller log house per instructions , there 's simply not enough pieces to put what is shown on their instruction sheet/picture ad . Hence I gave it 2 stars as it 's false advertising .
 Ok , so he looks cool . An edgy redition of the batman for sure . Purchased it for my 3 year old son as a Christmas present . I 'm pretty sure this thing is best left in the box . Short of that , he should be taken out of the box with care , affixed to his platform , and placed on a high -LRB- out of the way shelf -RRB- . Within 10 seconds , one leg had broken off , in another 10 seconds an arm had come off . Basically he was just articulating the arms and legs not pulling them or squeezing them . Where the pins fractured the plastic looks ridgid and glassy . It 's a huge disappointment , I wish I had known it was not for play , hope this post saves someone the trouble . This really stinks because my son loved it .
 I thought the doll would have Audrey Hepburn 's likeness , but it 's just a Barbie doll . And the dress fabric is of just adequate quality . It 's not fitted particularly well to the doll 's frame . I 'm fine with it but it is not as nice as my `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' doll . -LSB- ... -RSB- . A bit disappointed in the quality and I 'll make sure to look more carefully at the next one I choose .
 never got the item was ripped off no satisfaction from seller never buy again the star rating is ridiculous never received the item
 I 'm a loyal Fedex customer , and my son loves their trucks . Bought this for Xmas . Two days later , the axles broke , and the wheels fell apart . We were all disappointed .
 my six and 1/2 year old boy used it once and then lost complete interest . There are stencils and extras in the box that were not worth it .
 I ordered this Hohner Kid 's Tambourine along with several other instruments for my daughter 's preschool after her teacher explained that the school did n't allocate any funding for music instruments for the classroom . Yes it 's a tambourine . Yes it 's multicolored . However it is not the item pictured and I 'll have to admit that this item 's build quality looks far cheaper than the tambourine in the photo . The item I received is blue , red , and yellow with a clear plastic drumhead . On the flip side it was relatively inexpensive and if I was n't trying to get these instruments to the classroom by tomorrow I would have returned this item .
 THIS IS NOT A REAL FOOD . My son tried to eat these the other day because they are so realistic looking and he almost choked . Thank god he has a tiny mouth -LRB- it 's rated in the 4 percentile for his age -RRB- and could n't fit it into his mouth , but he tried to eat it !!!! If you want realistic looking food to fool your friends with on April Fools , buy this , because they will totally try to eat it -LRB- I was tricked twice myself this past April Fools -RRB- but if you want your kids to be safe , do not buy this because they might choke and die .
 Christmas 2008 I ordered the Green remote control dragonfly for my neice and she loved it . It was not very durable and only lasted about 2 months but she enjoyed it so much I thought it was a fairly good ` disposable ' Christmas gift.This year I ordered the Red Hornet for the same neice and my granddaughter . BIG MISTAKE . One of them would never charge enough to actually work and the other would n't fly -LRB- not even across the room -RRB- . It seemed the body was too heavy and just pulled it down . Both girls were very disappointed because they had truly enjoyed the Green one I got last year -LRB- even though the wings tore up after a couple of months -RRB- . Not recommended - and too bad because it could be a really fun toy .
 Got a similar toy from wow wee for my son for Xmas . Within 6 minutes of flight it landed on the floor -LRB- uneventful -RRB- and 2 wings broke . Wrote to the company and all I got in return was `` Thank you for contacting wowwee . Unfortunetly , there is no fix or repair for this item . '' That 's it . Apparently they do not stand behind their products . The dragon I bought had similar wings . $ 5 per minute of use and now it is trash and there is nothing I can do about it and nothing the company will do about it . My advice ... steer clear of their products !
 I do n't own this item but I recently went to a three year old 's Birthday party and she got this as a gift . It got set up and of course all the kids wanted to sit at the table . Every single time they tried , they would tip over in the chairs and fall to the ground -LRB- including my two year old -RRB- ! It happened over and over again , the parents had to put it away to prevent any injuries from happening . I think that 3 is too young , maybe 4 or 5 , but then that may be getting too old ! The chairs and table are just too lightweight and flimsy , it is a major tipping hazard , I would n't recommend getting this set .
 To be honest , the item looked great ! I loved the whole idea for my 10 - year old nephew who is very into war type stuff . He is learning a lot about history in the process . I gave hime the item for Christmas and as soon as he starting playing with it the layers of plaster began chipping away from the edges . I contacted Netgift right away who told me more than a month ago that they would replace the board , but the new board never came and Netgift stopped responding to my e-mails . I would not waste your time or money on this product .
 This chess set looks great , but will not last if it is used . Ours lasted a week before the pieces started falling apart and cracking from normal use in a chess game . Save your money and buy a good set this is not worth the trouble .
 this toy is a lot smaller than it seemed . By the time the kids have the skills to use it they have out grown it .
 I had purchased this as the price was right and my , at the time , 1 year old nephew liked hot rods . I did not open the package and had it wrapped as soon as I receive to take to a birthday party . Once the gift was opened at the party , we easily put together and the product did not work what-so-ever ! Would not recommend purchasing this . If you want a toy that can actually be used and not just sit on , browse on to something else .
 This product deserves 0 star . I bought it for less than $ 15 and I do n't think it is even worth of that . The assembly instruction is full of errors and impossibilities . The capnuts loosened after a single gentle ride . The designer should be fired . I rarely write reviews but this product made me do so.Called the company and left a message . But no one called back .
 bought this on sale -LRB- less than -LSB- ... -RSB- shipped I think -RRB- and for that it was possibly worth it-anymore and Id be miffed-its not durable , its cheaply made and just doesnt warrant paying full price.I bought 2 of differing looks and for an -LSB- . . -RSB- itll do for easy inside play but if you have a child who will play on it alot and is very active I would definitely steer clear .
 My 3 year-old grandson loves Thomas and loves construction trucks so I was happy to get him Bryon to add to his collection . He thinks it is fun , but he is constantly put off because the rubber track wo n't stay in place . I recommend it for an older child that has the dexterity to line up the tracks when they constantly come lose .
 It 's a decent travel chess set ... with 5 rooks and 3 bishops . Renders game unplayable . I e-mailed the company from the little card inside the box about the issue ... no response and it 's been over a month.They actually managed to screw up a chess set . Pretty tough .
 My daughter immediately noticed that the white queen and king are much smaller than the black 's . It is functional , but the pieces are not well made at all . I would rather have well made plastic set .
 This was tiny ! It was so small and not fit for what I needed it for at all . I was very disappointed and returned it .
 It is smaller than it looks like . The pieces are falling easily . No numbers or letters on the board like they should be . If you want to teach your kids real chess do n't buy this set . It is not worthy . And pretty expensive for what are you getting .
 I purchased this set expecting something very nice , hence the hefty $ 16 price tag . I was very disappointed . The pieces do n't stand even , and easily tip over . The kings and queens are top-heavy so they constantly fall over and the board does n't sit even because the latch is larger than the board . Pass on this , invest in a nice one .
 Wood ? Yes . Classic ? Uhh ... no . It 's a cheap chess set and feels like it . I 'd have preferred a plastic one that was better made.Don ' t buy this .
 Sad . I bought this set to play with my father who I see every few years . It was missing a chess piece . This company is good at screwing up how many chess pieces come in a set . Read the other reviews , and go with a chess set that has better quality control .
 I thought this would be an ok chess set to use to play chess with my grandson . However , I find that the slightest bump and pieces fall over and off the board . I 'm going to get a better one .
 Decent set , carving is good , finishing is goodBut missing the castle piece - extra pawn given.Good product but order if you are willing to return if not complete
 In the picture it looks comfortably big , but in reality it is so small . The pieces are also too small and badly carved . I can not differentiate between a king and pawn ! -LRB- well , thats an exaggeration , but you get the point . -RRB-
 I gave this product a 2 star rating because the most useful element of a chess board and pieces is that the pieces do not fall over easily . These pieces easily fall over taking 5 other pieces with it ...
 it was fun for about a month , but then the wheels were falling off and the steering wheel broke and could n't be fixed . i wouldnt pay more than $ 30 for it .
 This product is not very easy to assemble and is pretty flimsy overall . I would spend a little bit more money and buy something of better quality that wo n't fall apart on your child .
 Item was delivered in condition described . Vendor was prompt and courteous . Probably would not hesitate to buy from this seller again due to overpriced shipping and handling charge .
 Length :
 I was expecting a child 's tea set for my niece but this is MUCH too small . All 10 pieces fit in the palm of my hand .
 This is a fun toy for a child , but not that sturdy . The gondola ride does not always work and the baskets have a habit of falling off , leading to missing pieces . The front portion of the grass by the elevator broke off ; I have not been able to get a replacement part for this . For the price , you would expect better quality .
 I bought this as an addition to a fast-growing LPS collection . We cranked the handle and the gondola went around once and it never worked again . So I returned it and got another set . This time , the gondolas never did go around . Maybe we just have incredibly bad luck . Now we are waiting for a new set from Hasbro .
 Not the best toy I own . I wanted to send it back after a week because the letter C would n't say it 's name . After a while it started working , but then D stopped . According to the online demo the balls will say their colors when dropped in the chute . Mine never have done this.My son likes this product and uses it . As a parent I am disappointed in the quality .
 I can not believe the parents that continue to say this is a great toy in the same breath that complains their child has fallen with this toy toppling on top of them . There are other ways for children to learn without getting hurt ! I wanted to be different than all my other friends that bought the sturdier table-like version of this toy . My daughter would try to pull herself up on this and it would topple over , sometimes pinning her against her play yard gate . I ca n't believe the designers did not consider it 's stablility a huge priority .
 My son was having a great time with this toy until I installed the tube topper -LRB- I did n't want his arm to get stuck -- I knew he 'd eventually try to stick his hand down to chase the ball -RRB- . Now that the balls do n't drop down , the fun is gone for him . He still half-heartedly plays with it sometimes , but it 's basically taking up space.If you do n't install the tube topper , there is a good chance your child will stick his/her arm down the tube to chase the ball . However , once you install the tube topper , it 's PERMANENT.Dropping the balls down was the best part of this toy , at least for my child . LeapFrog should have redesigned this toy to be safe instead of just capping the tube , leaving you with greatly reduced functionality.What if a new iPod model had a bug where the volume increased randomly during shuffle play , posing a hazard to hearing ? Would Apple just tell you how to permanently disable shuffle play rather than fixing the problem ? That 's basically what LeapFrog is doing here . They should pull it off the market until they fix it properly .
 I was looking up the age limits on this toy because it was donated to the child care center I work at . Yes the infants love it , its musical and there are lots of activities on it . It 's got the alphabet , the ball tube , and a few spinny things on it . However , I feel that it 's not a good ` pulling up ' toy . I had a 10 month old infant try to pull up on it and it tipped over on him once he was standing and he got a black eye . I have also had a few 2 year olds get their arms stuck in the opening . No major injuries but some scratching and bruising . The age limits should be increased on this toy . 2 to 3 would be more appropriate .
 This toy has been called the most dangerous toy . `` Over the past six years , no product caused more injuries than Leap Frog playgrounds , a toy that prior to its 2006 recall left crawling children susceptible to scrapes and bruises . The product has since been reinstated on store shelves . '' Perhaps a fun toy , but watch out !
 I love the idea of this table and my son loves it ... as long as I am there with him . He is 7 months old and able to pull himself up to the standing position , but when he does so with this table , it often falls over on top of him . Actually , it has fallen on top of him when he was already standing ! That is not a safe toy . My husband wo n't let him play with it anymore . It is too unstable .
 Toy is just average -- not a whole lot of mind bending activites . I purchased this mid August and it was recalled September 7 . Evidently , children 's arms get caught in the little ball tube . So , Leapfrogs fix was to send a tube topper that blocks the tube . However , that disables the tube , limiting the fun of the toy . Since that was part of why I purchased this toy , I am returning it . You can get more information at the leapfrog website .
 We purchased lots of LeapFrog products but this is the one we are very disappointed with . The toy can be put together very easily but it stopped working in one day . We were told to clean the battery compartment with alcohol but it still did n't work . Since we purchased it through Amazon , we had to wrap it up and returned it and paid for shipping and handling . We called LeapFrod and found out they have lots of issues with this particular product .
 There is a recall on this toy so it is not safe to buy for your child .
 THIS ITEM IS VERY DANGEROUS AND HAS BEEN RECALLED FOR BABYS CHOCKING !!!!!!!!
 The instructions for this piece of junk are lousy at best . They do n't tell you when to put the stickers on , so you have to take apart after you 've just made half the thing . The ramps do n't line up properly so they either pop out of the garage levels or do n't sit right on the floor . The manufacturer should be ashamed to put their name on this thing . I ca n't believe Marvel would allow this to be on the market . For the price , I do n't expect incredible engineering , but at least make it usable .
 Well I 've had this P/S For about a year , never pulled to much current from it max about 5 amps the first time I try to pull 10 amps out of it charging thru a Bantam charger it fries in 4 minutes . Says 0-20 amps right on the label . I am very dissatisfied with the product .
 This is such a silly idea . There is nothing holographic about this chunk of plastic with no paint and no details and no excitement . I literally laughed when we opened it .
 This little figure is really a piece of junk . Poor detail and poor packaging . Next springs garage sale item for sure .
 I got two of these `` Fur Real '' toys for my niece and nephew as gifts . They did all the things the box said they would but when their legs or necks moved there was a very loud popping noise . I thought that since both toys did it that `` Fur Real '' did n't seem worth the price . Later , I saw another relative who had also gotten the toy from another source -LRB- not online -RRB- and it worked perfectly - no popping noises . I was disappointed with my purchase .
 I got this figure as part of the Alex Ross set of JLA Characters.And while each of them have their own strengths and weaknesses as action figures , or even display pieces , Hawkman is one of the worst . First , I love the characterof Hawkman , so this is not a character beat down , this is a simple list of what iswrong with the figure.The Wings.They are too heavy for the figure.Plain and simple , you can not stand Hawkman up , not even with the stand pegged to hisfoot , he will simply flip over . The wings are made of this heaver grade plastic , andthere are actually four wings . Two large wings and two smaller wings . The Smaller wingshook directly into Hawkman 's back by large hex pegs , where they stay put . The wings onlycan move back and forth in a sideways motion . This is not a determent , as they have neverpopped out of the figure . However , the little wings are pinned on these and they are quiteloose . On the back of the little wings is are the big wings , and they are attachedwith a circular stud that pops in , and allows the wings to spin in a circle attached to thelittle wings.Now , this construction is very odd , and it might have worked if the wings were made of alighter plastic . The heavy wings make the joins and pins fall to the at rest position behindHawkman , so there is no way to pose him short of magic tack or super glue.The FigureThe figure itself is not bad , it has the stretched abdomen that most of the Alex Ross charactershave , and the mace and the hawk mask are very nice . The only complaint I have here is thatonce again , Hawkman is perfectly smooth , and he is supposed to be hairy in the comics . But thatis a simple thing , and not really worthy of mentioning to someone that is just buying it tocomplete the set . As with all DC Direct figures , watch out the leg joints are want to loosen upsince the upper bodies are usually heavier on the action figures , and they tend to slump a bitwhen on the stand .
 I bought this marble run for my kindergarten class and they were quite excited when it arrived . We opened it up and several of the children worked together to assemble it . They were not successful , so we tried again the next day . They were still unable to assemble it so the other teacher in the classroom sat with the children and she was unable to figure it out , too . Even if we had been able to put it together we would still have been disappointed , as the directions indicate there is only one way the pieces fit together . Do n't buy this product ... there are definitely better options out there !
 Terrible ! Flimsy at best and not stable . Falls apart at the slightest touch . No directions and worst of all does not accommodate standard marbles . Only the cheap ones it comes with which of of course all lost now . What a waist
 This marble run , and similar varieties by Quercetti sold by Amazon , Target , and other stores , is terrible . The plastic pieces do not stay together . An ADULT will spend almost all of their time constantly re-assembling falling down sections they attempt to put together . Assembly for a child of 4 + -LRB- age recommendation by the manufacturer -RRB- is impossible . I 've used marble runs from other manufacturers and have not experienced this level of poor design . However , I 've never seen a marble run that is made so that the pieces connect solid and certainly not one that can be assembled by the recommended age . I believe in general they are not worth the effort and time trying to get them together and to stay together . Do something else that 's much more interactive and satisfying with your child .
 Bought it at Target for $ 16 , money would 've been better spent on the needed toilet paper instead . Instruction shows 3 or 4 designs , I chose the one using 4 legs , after wasting 30 + minutes to put it together , at first , marble will keep rolling thru , when it gets to the roller coaster like tracks section . Once I moved the whole thing to a different location , it now always gets stuck at the mid section of the roller coaster tracks . The tracks sits slightly tilted , where the marble does not have enough force to roll thru it , even the pictures within the instructions for that track looks slightly tilted . I test it by lifting it to make it level , then the marble rolls thru it without problems . But , how do I keep it permanently leveled ? I used floss to tie it to pull it up slightly . Besides that really disappointing issue , it 's really not that fun after 10 minutes of play , it now it 's sits in the corner of the garage , waiting for the next garbage day . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 The Pictures of the producst show Crystal Glass balls , but it came with cheap plastic balls . No assembly instruction included . It so poorly design that bottom level ball holder does not have the space to hold all balls comming from top level holder . The bases are unstable , so at the minimum intent to move the toy , it will be necessary to assemble it again .
 There are a few issues with this set that make others more worthwhile -LRB- for reference , my kids are 6 and 7 -RRB- :1 . When you add a shoot/funnel/anything other than the one-piece cylinder building pieces , you have to add 2 more clear pieces . Other sets would have a single piece that can be built upon . This does n't , and you have a lot more work building as a result .2 . The structure tends to be less than sturdy -LRB- not quite flimsy , but not as solid as other similar toys -RRB- .3 . The yellow spirals have a poor design . You have to add in small support pieces that do n't snap into place . I believe this is so the spirals would take less space when in a box -LRB- they flatten out -RRB- , but there are extra pieces you have to keep track of as a result . Not a fan.Overall , I 'd suggest buying a different set .
 What a disappointment . Everything about this marble run is cheap . We 've assembled three of the tracks on the box so far , and none of them work like they 're supposed to . The inclines are n't right , so the marbles end up getting stuck . The yellow corkscrew pieces in particular are an issue - they 've got connector pieces that are supposed to hold them together , but they 're so cheap that they just keep snapping apart . The quality of the plastic feels worse than a toy you 'd get at McDonald 's . Buy something else .
 Bought this for my grandson , age 5 . It is hard to keep this item together . Kept falling apart . Not good for someone his age .
 The idea here is a good one , but the pieces are flimsy and if every piece is not placed at exactly the right spot , the balls do not roll right . It is very weak and not well made . Also , there are no instructions on how to put I together , a child could never do it ! Oh ... and it does n't come with marbles !!! The balls are cheap plastic ! One would at the very least expect marbles in a marble run ... especially when they are pictured on the box ! I would not recommend this !
 I see our problems with this set are pretty standard . The structure falls apart and the spiral pieces do n't properly function . I had a great marble run set as a child and we have a good one for our older daughter already.Here are our issues : -- It says 80 pieces -- the majority are small connector pieces . Actual marble run pieces are less than ten . -- The connector pieces do n't stay together well . Some require a second piece put over them to connect , which does n't have 360 degree connect ability , so you are limited in how you construct your set . -- The set falls apart easily . -- The most interesting looking pieces are the flimsiest -- they connect poorly , sag unevenly , and the marbles just fall off . -- We bought this to add to the existing marble run system we owned . It is not compatible.I can not believe how badly this set performs . Maybe the folks giving it decent reviews have never experienced a well-constructed set .
 This is very hard to build -- like , multiple adults squinting at the picture on the box and cursing under their breath hard . You seem to have to build what is on the box -- we have not succeeded in varying from the picture much at all -- and even then it tends to lean , tilt , fall over ... The whole thing is extremely light weight and unstable -LRB- even the `` marbles '' are tiny , lightweight plastic balls -RRB- . I would definitely recommend against this marble run . We are back in the market for another one this year , because my kids still want to be able to play with one ! We will be looking for one with more flexibility -LRB- i.e. it 's easy for kids to be creative in how they build it -RRB- and sturdier/heavier-weight parts and bases .
 We have this brand as well as the Galt brand marble run . We hardly ever use this set and the two are incompatible - I 'm about the throw this one away and get more of the Galt brand . This marble run set is flimsy -LRB- our 2 year old can do the Galt by himself but needs our help for this one -RRB- . This one also requires special smaller marbles - which we can never find ! And the marbles sometimes need `` help '' getting all the way through the course -LRB- due to the flimsy construction -RRB- . Do n't waste your money - get the Galt brand instead : Galt Marble Run . LEAD FREE .
 We spent a weekend at a friend 's mountain cabin where the kids and adults had so much fun with the marble run there . It was sturdy , could be built 3-4 ft high and entertained everyone for hours over the rainy weekend . We had 2 , 3 , 4 years olds , teens and adults playing with it . The toddlers were most enthralled and were able to do a lot of building on their own with little assistance . The big kids loved building complex runs for the little ones to play with . -LRB- Yes , adults were supervising the marble handling -RRB- When I came home , I was determined to get a set for my daughter -LRB- almost 3yo -RRB- and nephew -LRB- 8yo -RRB- , but did n't know the brand . I came across the Quercetti Marble Run Vortis 80 Pieces on Amazon and bought it based on the fairly positive reviews . I might have thought this Quercetti set was ok -LRB- just ok -RRB- if I had nothing to compare it to , but it turned out to be a huge disappointment.We * just * came home from exchanging gifts on Christmas Eve , and I 'm so disappointed in this toy it caused me to write a review tonight . I was anxious to play with the run , so I got started on my nephew 's as soon as he got it unwrapped . My mechanically-minded brother-in-law and I both worked on putting the run together and were determined but frustrated by the entire process . Our review
 Skip this Marble Run and get the one made by Discovery Toys - I wish I had ! We have spent hours playing with Discovery Toy 's version at Grandma 's house - it is so much better . I 'm so surprised because I thought Quercetti was such a good quality brand . This marble run is terrible . It is flimsy beyond belief . No matter how long I spend to get it upright and working -LRB- admonishing my excited children to STAY BACK ! Do n't touch it til I get it ready !! -RRB- , it only takes a few seconds of play time for it to get knocked over again . The supports are too light.Thumbs down . Big disappointment .
 I was very frustrated to find that this product was so flimsy , difficult to build -LRB- my 6 year old even needs help -RRB- , the cheap plastic marbles are not the same size as regular marbles and if you try to use your own real marbles they get stuck . Really wish I would have just spent a few more bucks on a wood set or higher end set . I would n't pay $ 15 for this item again . Why have toy increased so much in price and yet the quality is not 10 % of what it was growing up . Very disappointed ! Do n't waste your money !
 Received this toy . Very flimsy compared to the original Marble Works brand . Very difficult to assemble and keep assembled unless done exactly like the picture . I had to set it up for my 6 year old because she was unalble to keep the pieces straight and level . -LRB- She 's usually very good at assembling things -RRB- Once together , she had a blast with it , but overall , I would n't recommend the item .
 We have several amish built wooden marble runs the kids love so we thought we would try a interactive one for the Holidays . This started off with the wrong directions in the box so there was no map for the kids to follow . We got over the missing instrucions and found the pieces to be sharp and poorly made . The pieces fit together poorly making playing with a finished design very difficult for fear of total collapse . The spirals are not designed with enough `` drop '' to keep the marbles rolling so they always stop or fall off there . We have never left such a poor review and it is hard to do . We would rather see you make a better decision and avoid a huge let down ! Sorry but the grade on this one is an `` F '' .
 This marble run is flimsy ! The pieces do n't fit together well enough for any real playing . You will spend all of your time trying to hold the pieces together as the structure falls apart .
 Almost every piece in this set is broken only one year after buying . It looks pretty but simply can not hold up to the wear and tear of a 4 and 7 year old . Will look to buy a more durable set .
 This toy takes 3 AAA batteries and is described as a life-like newborn baby chimp . It does make a few chimp sounds but they are n't all that impressive . There is very little movement of the monkey and it is n't `` life-like '' either . It comes with a cheap , plastic bottle that you sort of cram into the chimp 's mouth - the mouth does n't move or open . It is cute - the best feature being the soft latex face that looks very real and has beautiful eyes . My 4 year old , who loves monkeys and babies , played with it for 20 or 30 minutes and then set it aside . It 's just not very engaging .
 This product was bought as a present . When the puzzle was begun , it became apparent that many , many pieces were missing . This completely ruined the experience and caused me embarrassment . I will never buy from this manufacturer again .
 I was very disappointed when I saw how tiny these toys are . I thought I was getting a half size version of the toys that would fit in the cars storage container . These are so small and useless for anything but a miniature town if that is what you want to make .
 I am a big fan of Acquire , a strategy game based on the idea of buying stocks and merging corporations . So when I heard about Executive Decision , also created by Sid Sackson , I had to give it a try . This is a market simulation game , and is pretty good at giving the players a sense of what it 's like to buy and sell in a free and active market . Each player acts as a company manufacturing widgets . You buy materials , use those materials to manufacture products , and then sell the products . The prices of the materials and the products fluctuate according to how the players bid . The simulation feels very real to life , and for that reason would be an excellent teaching aid in a math or business class . The problem is that it 's probably a bit too math heavy to be entertaining . I like math , and I played this with two people who do statistics for a living , and we all found it a bit much . If you do play it , I 'd recommend that every player have a calculator . But if you 're interested in market-based strategy games that are a lot more fun , try the auction orientated games , `` Modern Art '' and `` For Sale . ''
 I was looking for a game that would help teach younger kids how to play Rook without all of the complicated rules . While this game is somewhat simpler than Rook , it actually is harder to play for anyone that already knows how to play Rook . While the game itself is n't that bad , it 's in no way a replacement for the tradional game of Rook .
 This set is not quite as nice as some of the other Haba play food . The cheese and cold cut slices are quite flimsy , compared to the slices of pepperoni in the pizza set . The magnetic bread is a nice touch , but it only holds together if the sandwich has less than three slices , and not at all if lettuce or tomato are used . I would probably not buy this again , because it 's a bit frustrating for the kids when the sandwich falls apart more often than it sticks together.Another note
 Haba made in Germany = greatHaba made in China = almost always lousy.It is like bizarro world . Who designed it ? The magnets only hold the bread together and then there is a bunch of thin , not very nice pieces of fabric left . It stands in pathetic contrast to etsy felt food or the plan toys wooden pieces .
 our son got this for his birthday , it looks nice and we loved the idea but unfortunately the magnets are just not strong enough and wo n't even hold one piece of cheese - so no sandwich-making , you can of course still play with the individual parts but why have magnets at all then ?
 The cups are great , work well for us . My disappointment is with the brushes . 5 out of 10 brush heads have sunk into the metal thing that joins them to the handles within a month of using them .
 I bought these paintncups and brushes as a joint gift for my 5 and my 2 year old . In theory , this set should be really great -- paint brushes that match corresponding spill-proof paint cups , with lids to save unused paint . As a previous review mentioned , the `` cap '' lids are NOT airtight . They are designed to fit over the inner `` spill-proof '' lid , but the caps are loose fitting and allow the paint contained within to dry out quickly.The brushes are also of poor quality . The first time I washed them , using only soap and water , bristles were falling out all over the place ! Also , two of the brushes fell apart altogether -- the metal cuff completely detaching from the plastic brush handle.In summary , this product would be great if it were better designed , and maybe if the brushes were made with better glue or something .
 The paint cups were fine but I did not receive the matching brushes . So the cost was way too much just for the cups . I would have done better to purchase these items in a teaching supply store .
 Length :
 Poor Grandma has no Grandpa to live with so she lives with her cat-who comes with a pet carrier . But the lady has a Velcro skirt that is removable-unlike any of the other Loving Family members . So she spends a great deal of time in her undies . If you want grandparents to visit your dollhouse , this is about your only option . Just be prepared for her to run around without her skirt !
 I thought this was going to be larger than it is , however , it 's cute . I purchased it for my granddaughter and I guess I did n't read the age it was considered appropriate for . One of those things that wo n't get played it
 very small no dimensions available when ordering . felt decieved , was not what i expected in regards to size would not purchase again
 The zipper pull to the main compartment cracked off within 5 minutes of normal use . a string worked for a while , but the zipper itself stopped functioning after about a week .
 these are indeed nice blocks but do n't be decieved , they are not the standardized preschool blocks you see in preschool and kindegarden .
 These look like the standard wooden blocks we all grew up with in the online picture , but they are not . These are in fact a miniature version of our old standard blocks - maybe a quarter of the size . Perfect for losing all over the house , and not at all what I had in mind for my little boy . I see now in the online picture that there are no children in the picture with the blocks so that one might be tipped off to the size . If you are looking for little blocks , that 's fine , but if you are expecting the old familiar basic chunky wooden blocks , look elsewhere .
 The largest is not six inches long , it 's only three inches . Some blocks were splintered and looked banged up . I returned immediatly , not safe for children of any age .
 These blocks are very small and not at all what I was expecting . Maybe I did not read the description closely .
 These blocks were a complete let down . They are made of substandard material with splintering wood ... Very bad for liitle hands to get . Thought I got a defective set but second was just as bad .
 these small blocks were designed to be used by kindergarten students ; they were invented by Friedrich Froebel , the father of kindergartens in this country and Germany . So if they are too small your kids are probably too young to use them . There are bigger wooden blocks that are fabulous for preschoolers.Frank Lloyd Wright played with Froebel block as a 7 year old and credited them with helping him to understand the relationship between shape and space .
 The item does do what it says it will . It will mechanically call out the numbers or , you can put it on mute . It will also go slower if you wish . You can press call every time you want a new number . Or you can put it on automatic & it will call a new number every 10 seconds.My problem with it is it 's VERY flimsily made ! I bought it for adults to use and even so with careful use it is not going to last . For the price of $ 25 I can honestly say it is a VERY POOR VALUE for the money!Definitely NOT suggested for children ! Not because it has small parts . It does n't . But if you gave it to a child it would n't last more than an hour .
 Print on display is very tiny and therefore not for most seniors . Speaking Bingo has gone silent after about 4 uses . Would not purchase another one . Unfortunately , can not find a decent one still being made . Do n't waste your money on this item !!!
 I feel this product 's advertizing is deceptive . The product is much smaller than the pictures depict and does not indicate the `` actual size . '' The product is not worth it 's price and worked only one time before batteries wore out . There is no off button .
 HoneyBee Hop worked fine for a while on carpet and hard floors , BUT then the plastic arm and bee would not rotate anymore . I tried new batteries but no change . I then took it apart . The rubber drive belt connected to the motor apparently expanded and loosened and would no longer make the bee move . A pity because it looked well engineered with its ' circuit board and gears and whatever . The weak link was the rubber drive belt .
 This toy has n't worked from day one . I bought it because I 'm always looking for different ways to keep my two boys active & moving , but it just does n't rotate , even on our hardwoods . It starts , but stops before my kids get the chance to jump over the bee more than once . So needless to say , they lose interest in it quickly . Very disappointing , because it seems like it would be a lot of fun if it worked .
 I bought this for my sons 3rd bday.he was so excited , it was a fun new game . BUT then it broke after only a day of play . something happened to the motor , it now sounds like the gears are not turning correctly ? it is not made to last ~ bummer , the concept is great and while it worked he had fun !
 I bought this item for my 4 year granddaughter . My son said that it fell apart within minutes . He admitted that he may not have put it together properly . In that case the instructions should be more clear . I was very disappointed .
 This is a fun toy for the little ones , but I am disappointed in how flimsy it is . The basket is plastic and just snaps together . It has already come apart several times and I have to snap it back in place . My son loves to wheel it around , but if I had to do it over again , I would buy a more expensive one that is higher quality and will last longer .
 This toy is designed for a toddler due to its small size , but interestly is advertized for ages 5 & up . I now know why . It 's a hazard . Pros
 I think these ere overpriced for what we got , just enough loops to make two potholders .
 There are certainly worse games , but there are much better as well . Playing Five Crowns with 2 players did n't seem markedly different than simply playing Gin -LRB- actually , it was a little less fun because in Gin there are points on the line for going out first/knocking/undercutting -RRB- . With 6 players the game took a long time , and there does n't seem to be much skill in deciding whether or not to pick up the discard , nor in choosing which cards to keep.I imagine kids might like making sets and runs , but for adults there are many other games that are much more entertaining .
 I give this game 2 out of 5 stars . While it could be fun under certain circumstances , there is no skill involved , whatsoever . If you are OK with playing a game for an hour to see who is the luckiest among you , this is the game for you . If instead you are looking for an easy game that still provides some strategic choices ... look elsewhere .
 The game is fun to play , but the quality of the cards are very poor and not worth the money . The card stock is very thin .
 This is a very fun game.I would recommend this game to anyone that likes cards . We play it with the max people or the minimum and have fun either way .
 I got this as a gift for my granddaughter for xmas . She was so exited to try it out , and when she oppened the kit , all the accessories were missing . Very disspointing . I was hoping to be able to contact amazon to see they can just send me the missing parts or a replacement . I am ultimately mailing back and empty box.I know that Amazon is very great about their returns but not very easy to get in touch with for this unique situation . I have decided to just return it all together and NOT try for another.Very dissapointed .
 The open symbols are drawn with thin lines , and the cards use red and green as two of the colors . Red-green color blindness is fairly common , about 5 % of males have it . And those who are red-green color blind ca n't play this game . I hope the game is reissued someday with a different set of colors .
 Yeah , spending time staring at cards until your brain hurts . It 's not fun . I ca n't imagine making your kids do this . You are terrible parents if you buy this for your children .
 Purchased this for my grand daughter for Christmas . The net broke immediately and 2 of the birdies broke to pieces after just one hit of the racket . Not worth the money I paid .
 Inspite of the fact the badminton requires a 15 ' field and volleyball a 20 ' wide field , they give you a net of 30 ' an no explanation of why or what to do with the extra 15 ' . Just insane . Worst instructions I have ever read . Really laughable .
 Thought with the Eddie Bauer name this would be a better than average set . Within a week , one of the poles broke in half when our dog tripped on the supporting strings . The corks of both birdies flew out in mid play . Happy thus far with the ball and rackets but returning for a refund .
 This was very difficult to put together and the net rope was falling apart the moment we put this together . The needle to the pump broke the first time we used it . This is definitely not worth the money . I would highly recommend that you do not purchase this .
 Eddie Bauer Competition Badminton / Volleyball SetTerrible instructions . This set came with 2 shuttlecocks which both came apart after only a couple of hits . The grip on one of the rackets was coming off after only five minutes of play . Hoping that I can return to the store .
 Two people with Master 's degrees did n't have a prayer against these instructions . The pieces do n't match the pictures in the instructions.The net was 15 feet larger than a regulation badminton court . What were we supposed to do , fold it in half?The scoring numbers were upside down . I kept telling my wife that an Eddie Bauer product would n't have mistakes . I kept insisting that WE were the ones making the mistake . After fighting over these instructions , I hope the marriage counseling is successful !!
 The loops are of very poor quality . They fray easily , and this is especially frustrating when trying to finish the edges . If I can find a company which supplies better loops , then I can do this craft with my grandchildren . If I ca n't , then this loom kit was a waste of money .
 Even one star is too many !! This product seems to be a worthless , frustrating , extremely disappointing waste of money . The loops are impossibly poor quality , and the loom is poorly designed . As an adult , I had enormous difficulty making a potholder , it took a couple hours , the tooo tight loops kept popping off the too small posts on the loom . Weaving the last few loops on was an enormous challenge because of the tightness of the nearly finished potholder . My grand daughter simply could n't do it . I skipped some posts on the 2nd one , and that worked better.Crocheting the potholder off was even worse , and had I not been so determined to complete the potholder , I would have given up an hour or so earlier . Perhaps the too short posts are also too close together , I 'm not sure . I recall how delightful and EASY it was to weave squares on this type of loom when I was a child , and how fascinating it was to see the designs materialize as I wove them.I doubt that my poor little 6 year old grand daughter will ever try to make one on her own . She tried so valiantly with my help . Her little fingers were just not strong enough to pull the fraying , too tight loops through on the edges using the poorly designed -LRB- perhaps wrong size -RRB- crochet hook to finish off the piece . Finally , I had to do it , and it even made my fingers tired.Furthermore , there are not enough loops of each color to even make a decent design , and I bought extra loops !!! This product failed in every way possible !! The loom is of sturdy metal , however the design could be improved perhaps by lengthening the little posts so the loops would not pop off so easily , and by placing them a bit farther apart . Placing a rubber band over the loops so they will not pop off , as recommended in another review , seems like an additional difficulty which would NOT be necessary if the loom were better designed . That was not necessary when I was a child.I recall the wonderful loops I used as a child . Granted that was several decades ago , but in this modern world , surely better loops could be inexpensively produced.I will try using the loom with YARN , and perhaps it will be easier and I will be able to get some use out of it .
 When you get this item you will get a bag of off-color cotton loops , no primary colors . I did not receive any real reds , yellows , blues , greens , oranges , violets , whites or blacks . 99 % of what I got were `` muddy '' mixtures of real primary colors . I feel there is misrepresentation here about the colors of the loops .
 As another reviewer said , it 's not the loom , it 's the loops that are bad quality . The loops are not stretchy and fray easily , making it hard for younger kids to use .
 I bought this plane from Hobby Tron for my Son 's Birthday . When he got the plane he was so happy , but when he got everything together the plane did not work ; so he sent it back and got another one . When he go the seconed plane it to did n't work , the contoller did not charge the battery at all . If I was you I would not wast my time and money on buying this product or shopping on Hobby Tron .
 This airplane just wo n't stay in the air , the motor become powerless quickly after few slow circles in the air . -LRB- so it dives down quickly -RRB- Another problem is the airplane is not responsive enough to the remote control , it feels like you have to hold the remote control stick for a long time then it starts to turn in the air . I would say this kind of quality is only worth about $ 20 but I paid almost $ 50 for it . : -RRB-
 Everyone just wanted the game to be over with as fast as possible . . dumb questions ... thought we would like it because we enjoy word games and family games -LRB- like Scattergories and Pictionary -RRB- , but this is not that quality at all .
 This is a very cheaply made product that does not stand up to any child play . My sons got this recently and within 24 hours one of the sticks had broken . The company was nice enough to send a new one out but now -LRB- only a few weeks later -RRB- the plastic on the goal is shattered . The goal also does not stay together very well and comes apart with each goal scored . Overall , I would highly discourage you from wasting quite a bit of money for plastic that will not hold up to child play !!!
 Bought this product for my two sons ages 4 and 6 . Within the first week one of the sticks was broken . Called the company and they sent out another one , but before it could arrive the other stick broke . They are n't made strong enough to use . They plastic simply cracks and totally falls apart . We ended up throwing it out .
 Purchased as xmas gift ... sad . Poor quality , flemsy pieces , rocket does not launch well at all . Save your money ... buy something else .
 My son was very excited to try this , but after I assembled the flimsy foam tripod , he had trouble getting it to work . First , the tripod is so light weight and soft , that the rocket tips over . You need an assistant to point it upward . Second , the plastic cube on which you stomp is so stiff that he could n't make the rocket go , even when jumping down 2 steps onto it . He weighs 47 lbs . Third , the smaller rocket was to bent from being in the box , that we could never straighten it . We will be returning this , and getting something else .
 This toy was kinda a disappointment for me . I 'm in college and was looking for the cheapest hopp to put on my door just to shoot at . It broke from just shooting at it over and over . it was also annoying having to put the hoop back up multiple times from it `` breaking away '' . Ball is UV colored so thats kinda cool , but not worth it save your money !
 I purchased this item for my grandsons ; 4 and 6 years old . I would never recommend this item for two reasons .1 . Almost half the logs are the very small size - not good for building anything - it is a terrible assortment of sizes .2 . The figures included are of such poor quality that , even after a lot of effort , they could not be bent into a position where they could stand on their own.What a waste of money !
 This product should not be purchased . The quality of the logs is shockingly inadequate . They are so poorly cut that it is impossible to build anything near to a stable structure . My grandsons -LRB- and I -RRB- found it impossible to enjoy the product -- so much so that I simply threw them out in frustration . Amazon should be ashamed to include this product on its site.POOF-Slinky 220L Ideal Frontier Logs Classic All Wood Construction Set with Sealed Storage Box , 220-Pieces
 China Made ... Ended up donating . . because kid said they are drenched in wax . Picked up . . totally true . Picked and donated ... bummed out
 The only thing I liked about this item was that the roof pieces were made of wood rather than plastic . I was disappointed with everything else . Some of the logs were not sawed squarely so that they did not fit together quite right . Some of the pieces had been splintered during manufacturing and they were still included in our set . The vegetable wax that the blocks are coated in rubs off and leaves a coating on your hands . The plastic figurines need a more steady base to stand up on properly and a better paint job . If I had been able to look at these blocks before I purchased them , I would not have bought them . Also , be advised that they are not made in the USA as some websites claim .
 Many of the wooden pieces are poorly cut and do n't fit well together . We are returning this product for something better contructed .
 First , the product pictured is not what I ordered or received . Second , the excalibur backgammon I received has ignorant AI . It is predictable and makes the same mistakes all the time .
 The cats I recieved with the house are not as nice as the ones shown in the picture . The fur is low quality and the paws are not white for the darker animals . The house does not have much structure to it , and collapses . There are no inner compartments for the cats , so nothing holds them in place if pushed entirely inside the house . I feel ripped off because the picture is misleading and the product in the picture is different from the product I received . I will probably send it back .
 As someone else mentioned , the cats that came were not at all like the ones pictured . Additionally the house did not have any doors on it . -LRB- I also ordered the dog house , which DID come as pictured and the dogs are really cute ! -RRB- These kittens are really low quality , shaggy , and less formed than pictured . Not cute . I recommend Manhatten Toy 's `` Nursing Nina Cat '' instead - very soft and cute mama cat and kittens - my 2yr old daughter and our 3yr old neighbor loves them . 8/6/2012 update - I 've written to the company to see if they have the 12 '' Cat House product as pictured and can replace it . The seller contacted the manufacturer and confirmed that the old style of the toy is pictured and they no longer have that style . They are not providing an updated photo for Amazon . -LRB- I noticed a 2010 complaint like this - been plenty long to update ! -RRB- I will return this item , and keep the Nina cat and kittens , and never purchase another item from Unipak that I ca n't see in person first .
 The cats are not constructed well . In less than a month , I 've had to sew up holes in two of them .
 I placed order on 12/1 , did n't receive table until 12/22 . Was nervous that would n't rec ' v in time for Christmas . Called and emailed company , no response . Table arrived , covering on table was torn , called and emailed company again , took them 9 days to respond by email . Said I needed to respond within 48 hours for a replacement . The table itself is somewhat ok . A little dingy , ok for a kid to play with .
 I was expecting something a child could ride . From the brief description and the reviews it seemed as though this was a ride on motorized bike . Should have included the dimensions in the description .
 The item in the picture is a black denim FatBoy , that looks very similar to the current -LRB- real -RRB- black denim Fatboy lo . What you actually get is what you see in the second photo . If you want a particular color or style forget it . They send you whatever color/style they happen to pull off the shelf . Wanted this because the one in the picture looks just like my bike .
 Be better on details , thought this was a toy my son could ride , not some small little crappy toy , that only he can use with his hands . Pretty pissed , I would n't spend 30bucks on a little toy like this . Never again !
 well lets see i ordered this product for my sons birthday ... which by the way was on the 14th of january . well i think its the 2nd of feb. still had n't received it , but i did get a CHAIR . . ??? Anyway so i called and canceled when i got the chair , the money was never placed back into my account , i was told it would be put in on a monday so tuesday i felt safe writing a check that would include that money ... and my bank went overdrawn for like 200 dollars . . in fees -LRB- i realize it was my fault for believing a reputable company like amazon ! -RRB- . now its been a month and i call youall back and you say that it should be sent out to me this week , though this is the only email i get from you ... how should i rate the damn table when i havent recieved it ... i mean put yourself in my situaition ... how would you rate it ?
 its a great price but its VERY small . Its unfortunate because it seems well made and folds up nicely but its way too small . There 's no way 4 kids can comfortable sit at it .
 The first day we used these dominoes the NY logo completely came off the dominoes . I was really disappointed that with a one time use this would happen .
 I could n't believe I paid that much money for this . I will never buy another product like this again . I feel ripped off .
 Another seller exploiting children everywhere . $ 69.99 ! You are kidding me.So , okay , what if they are selling a Rabbit Pen set no longer available ? The price would be higher than List , right ? True . But I just want the `` non-collectors '' to be aware that almost exactly the same set is available for a fraction of their price . And , quite frankly , even if it is a ` discontinued ' set , then they should state that AND the price should only be another $ 5 - $ 10 over list.A BETTER BUNNY HUTCH For all non-collectors : The `` Playmobil Bunny Hutch '' is almost identical , even bigger -LRB- has a fenced area for rabbits , too -RRB- and while the design of the actual hutch it slightly different , it makes up for it with the reasonable price of $ 12.98 . -LRB- Yes , all the decimals ARE in the correct places -RRB- . Playmobil is not known for being cheap , but this is ridiculous . For $ 70 , you can get a really BIG Playmobil set with a whole pirate ship or or a mansion.Please stand together on this one , buyers . JUST SAY NO TO THIS VENDOR and unreasonable toy prices.Don ' t be ripped off , find another vendor . This seller is `` BJK Direct '' and I 've just left a similar review on their offer of the Playmobil Chicken Coop . -LRB- There is another vendor offering this set for over $ 140 , but I do n't think I need to comment -RRB- . I have them on my Blacklist until their prices reflect sanity.Disclaimer
 My 2 year old enjoys playing in the house , but the thresholds -LRB- 1 inch wide cardboard strip -RRB- broke within 1 week which destabilized the house . after 1 and a half months of playing , it toppled over yesterday . I do n't know how the other reviewer could get 2 + years of use out of it . the bottom line is that it is a cardboard house and you are paying just that . and the markers stained my child 's hands . it took couple washings to it off .
 this lasted a whole 5 hours before starting to fall apart . Now it is a bent mess , that my daughter keeps trying to play inside of , but it is not standing normally or comfortable to be inside .
 Waste of money . We put it together , even started coloring it in ... when it was set in the playroom , it looked like crap . LOL . We tore it down and put it in the recycling bin . Lesson learned ... . do n't buy a house of cardboard ! lol
 I bought this house at WalMart with the Halloween theme for just $ 10.00 and the thing did n't last a week . It is made out of cardboard so if your kids are rough at all it will not hold up . Ten bucks was n't bad for a week or so of playing and coloring , but I would not recommend paying $ 35 for this , you will most deffinately be dissappointed .
 We got this for our daughter and it 's cute but for the price , you can make your own ! The wings that keep the roof connected wore down very quickly so the roof does n't stay in place . They say it 's easy to store and break down , which it is , but the wings and base of the house got frayed quickly by trying to store it . We also did n't take into consideration how big it is - I would definitely look at the dimensions of this to figure out where to place in in your home .
 This house is a great idea but poorly made . A complete waste of money . Thr house collapsed a few hours after my daughters started using it . Could not get it to stand back up . Too much trouble to ship it back for a refund .
 I got this for my four year old for Christmas last year . It was really nice looking . We put it up and it lasted all of a few minutes before it fell apart . Where the doors are is a very thin piece of cardboard and it came apart very easily . After opening the doors a couple of times the house fell apart ! Then it was no good of course . NOT worth the money we paid for it and my daughter was heart broken because she was really looking forward to playing with it .
 I ordered this playhouse for my autistic grandson 's 5th birthday because he likes to be in small spaces . The packaging was ingenious and it went together very easily - only two tabs hold the whole thing together . I reinforced all the seams with packaging tape . The first day , we were in love . The second day , he started diving out the windows . The third day , he had reduced it to a pile of rubble . Granted , he is much harder on toys than other children might be and he does n't understand how to restrain his impulses , but unless your child is quite docile , the house probably wo n't hold up . We 'll go back to looking for big cardboard boxes for him . Oh so much cheaper , and they last longer .
 I am just going to say that it calls it a lego product , but it 's wrong . It 's not a Lego product !!!
 Nothing stays together , you cant even pick up batman or joker with out there mask/hair , hands , legs , falling off ?
 I bought this for my 16 month old and the chair popped in less than a week ! I did n't realize that when I purchased this chair that it was made of plastice , like a beach ball .
 My son loved the silly seat , but it did n't stand up to extended play . After standard two-year-old play -LRB- dragging it around , flipping it upside down , sitting on it constantly -RRB- , it developed leaks in two of the air chambers . We could n't find the leaks to fix them , so we got rid of the toy , three months after we got it . I also thought the batteries were extremely difficult to replace . The whole thing was extremely frustrating and disappointing .
 I bought my 1 and 4 year olds both a chair , and they loved them . The fact that they loved the chairs made it even harder when they both started to deflate within 3 days . The concept of the chairs are cute and would make a great seat and toy if they were better made . The material is very durable looking , but I guess the seams are n't together well enough . The chair will not stay inflated , and the more you try to put air in it once it starts to deflate the worse it gets . After this happened I got on and looked at other peoples reviews , and most of the reviews said that there chairs deflated also . Do n't waist your money .
 I purchased this chair for my nephew who adores Blue . It popped within a couple of days ... just came apart at the seams . James was so disappointed and I just ca n't bring myself to waste the money on a second one when clearly it is the quality of the product and not just a fluke .
 When I saw the reviews for this item I thought that it would be ok since my daughter is just 2 and particularly gentle with her toys . I bought it anyway and my daughter absolutely loved it while it lasted which was about 3 weeks . One morning it just started deflating with no warning . It was a sad morning . A silly silly silly silly silly silly silly silly morning .
 My son totally loved having his very own `` Blue Clue Chair '' but after a week , it literally fell apart at the seams ! Now I have to blow it up every morning and within an hour or two , it is deflated again . I tried repairing the tear in the seam but nothing will hold . If your child is rough or big for his age , this is NOT the toy for you .
 My one year old son received this chair as a gift from his aunt . We blew it up as soon as we opened it . Unfortunately the next day it deflated . I tried applying a patch to it , but since the hole is in the seam , the patch wo n't hold . An obvious manufacturer 's defect . But being the crazy parent that I am , I blow that darn chair up a couple times a day b/c my son does love it . He carries it around from room to room and likes to push the paw button .
 I bought this chair for both my 4 year old son and 2 year old daughter they both lasted a day before they riped at the seam and deflated I think its a factory defect because both chairs got holes in the same place anyway my kids loved them but they were very upset when they popped if you dont want to listen to your child crying for a week dont get this I ended up spending more money on those soft fold out sofas which we bought shortley after christmas and so far they have lasted much longer my kids are rough on toys things just need to hold up to every day abuse these chairs just didnt pass the kid test . I think this item should be discontinued or at least made of more durable material I have purchased other inflatebale toys and they have held up nicely .
 they both leak . the first one leaked from the beginning . in a matter of a few hours , the back portion had deflated . the second one lasted about a month before it too started to leak . my kids loved them for the brief time they worked , but now they 're useless ... i ca n't understand how this happened since they 've lived in our carpeted den the entire time .
 I bought 2 Talking Silly Seat for my 3 and 5 year old We blew it up and by the next morning it was deflated
 I bought this for my son when he was 2 . It lasted about a week . He was n't rough with it and only sat in it to watch his fave show Blues Clues . It started to deflate and he was very upset . I thought maybe our cat got ahold of it so I bought him another one . Only for that one to last 2 weeks . With that one I made sure the cat never sat on it and put it up when he was not playing with it . He loved the chair and we went through a week of crying for it . Not worth the price or seeing my child so upset after it deflated . The material just was n't sturdy enough .
 The rating system is skewed too high for this product . It has never inflated properly , would not hold air when inflated and has been a dead loss both money-wise and as a thoughtful gift . Even giving it a `` 1 '' rating is overestimating its ' worth , in my humble opinion .
 When this toy was given to my son as a gift it was absolutely wonderful since my son who was just under 2 at the time saw it he went ballistic he was so thrilled since he is a big Blue 's Clues fan unfortunatly the chair popped a whole in it in under a month and my son was devastated over the loss . Would n't recommend this for any child who is overly active and with children on or around the age of 2 well do n't know many children who are n't active
 I Would Not Recommend Any One To This Product ! I Have Order This Product And They Have n't Came In The Mail Its Been For Ever And Still Havent Got Them !
 I bought this set for my four year old 's fifth birthday since he loves Superman and Lego style building blocks.Unfortunately , this toy is so poorly made that the throne room was difficult to put together and keep together . It wo n't stay together when assembled if it 's touched.Likewise , Superman 's hair/ears and legs keep falling off.This set might be fine for a collector who is going to assemble it -LRB- with glue ? -RRB- and leave it on a shelf.It 's poorly constructed for play.Why did DC choose such a poor company to manufacture their sets?This set is several steps below Legos and a couple of steps below Megablocks in quality .
 I bought this for my son thinking it was all blue , -LRB- I got it at sears -RRB- When I opened it the seat was purple along with a few other parts , so if you do n't want your boy to ride on a purple and indigo quad , i suggest you get the toy story one or something . But other than that these are cool lil ' quads for kids
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old based on the recommendation that it was a fun travel toy . We took it on a long car trip and 1 year later we are still finding pieces trapped between the seats . The lacing aspect of this toy was the only thing that really kept my 2 year old busy . I found the pieces to be very flimsy and hard to manipulate for my son . Also , the box fell apart almost immediately , making it impossible to contain the pieces we had left after the car trip . Maybe a great toy for an older child ...
 My daughter is 18 months old and takes this toy apart every time she plays with it . She pulls the pegs out and puts them in her mouth . Then she tosses the shapes everywhere . Not exactly a sorter ! Just a mess . Save your money !
 The package did not mention that it was a choking hazard for children under 3 !!! I plan to complain to the manufacturer . Its definitely a hazard if your child is still teething -- my 19 mo son who still likes to chew up stuff decimated a piece . I luckily fished out the red star in four pieces from his mouth before he could swallow and get into any trouble.So while I no longer give the toy to him , I plan to once he is over the chewing stage since he loved fitting the pegs back , and stacking and sorting and it definitely kept him educationally engaged . 3 stars on the durability since while he can chew it up , its an engaging toy , and my friends 3 yr olds enjoy the toy too . Also , Lauri replaces pieces for -LSB- a nominal fee . -RSB-
 I bought this toy for my 18 mo old to help with learning shapes and colors . The toy is frustrating for him to use on his own . The pegs do not stay in the foam base and are a little challenging for him to get back in on his own . Any time he tries to pull the pieces off , the whole peg comes out of the base . Okay toy with adult assistance , but definately not what I expectd . Great idea , but not well thought out .
 My daughter received this for her third birthday from her Grandpa and while it 's a great concept and I think she would really like it , it does n't really work . Erasing each drawing is nearly impossible , and it bothers me enough that I know it will bother her to be unable to erase old drawings and start new . So we 're returning it for something else .
 When I saw this toy at ToysRus , I thought the concept was really cute . My 3 year old completely wore out his magna doodles , so he got this a few days ago for Christmas . I was really disappointed because the erasing takes at least 15 strikes back and forth , and even then it does not clear the board completely . The concept was good , it 's kind of like an overhead projector and the little disc that you can trace . Crayola has been around for many , many years . I thought with the name and their history for putting out good items for kids who love to draw , they really missed the mark on this one . If they had done a little more research , this product could have been great . I am really disappointed .
 Our daughter received this for Christmas 2005 , and we could n't wait to open it for her . It is very easy to assemble , and the first time you write on the board it 's great . When you try to erase your art , it wo n't erase ! The magnetic board is cheaply made , and absolutely will not completely erase , no matter how many times you swipe the eraser bar . We were VERY disappointed with this item , and would recommend that if you are considering this toy for your child , you should pass . Get them a Magna Doodle instead , those work wonderfully !
 Wow ! This toy was made as cheap as possible . Shame on crayola for not spending the extra pennies to make this more durable and a better quality product . Great concept , but poor designers ! Steps aside crayola - your name does n't stand for much anymore !!
 I just took this toy out of the box for my 3 year old son . I had to swipe the `` eraser '' back and forth about 8 times for the image on the screen to erase . It is now back in the box and ready to go back to the store . Do n't waste your time or your money !!
 I have since seen other similar complaints on several websites and have written to polyconcept . I have to date gotten no satisfaction from either crayola or polyconcept . The lines are blurry , there is no focus to begin with . But the real problem is that the projector detaches constantly from the base , whenever you move it , touch it , etc. . The dry erase markers do n't erase from the board ; and the light stopped working after the second time my son played with it . I ca n't fathom buying a new light bulb at $ 4.95 + s & h after a total hour of use in two sessions . I think it 's probably wiring ; who knows ; but it 's a disappointing flimsy cheap piece of garbage .
 My child loved this gift , however , the lightbulb went out almost immediately and I can not find a replacement anywhere !
 From the pages of Marvel 's numerous `` X-Men '' comic books comes their resident psychic ninja , Elisabeth Braddock , aka Psylocke . Despite her rather convoluted back story , Psylocke remains one of the team 's most popular members having recently received her own limited series . Hence , a Marvel Legend action figure featuring one of the most stellar female X-Men members was an ideal choice , as the promotional photo clearly suggests.However , there is a big difference between the glamorous-looking figure seen in the promotional photo vs. what the actual figure really is . While the photo and the actual figure look basically one and the same from a distance , make no mistake
 Not a great version of Psylocke . The figure is ugly and even though it looks highly articulate it is not and few things on her bend very very well and the head is both disproportionate and not very movable . Do n't waste your money on this one . Get the 33/4 '' one , much better .
 Hey there ! Just thought I 'd give an objective take for everyone considering making a purchase of the Mojo Series Psylocke . I 've been collecting Marvel Legends figures for around three years now , so I figure it would n't hurt to have one more opinion on the market.Now , Toy Biz made some pretty bad figures in the past -LRB- Scarlet Mitch , anyone ? -RRB- , but it seems this entire WAVE -LRB- sans Luke Cage -RRB- was pretty much set for failure from the get-go . I agree with Strick D 's review on almost all aspects . The figure is slim and articulated , but incredibly lackluster . The paint seems to have simply been slapped on , as the blue bleeds into the flesh in many place on EVERY model I 've seen , and the figure is hard to get to stand upright at all -LRB- because we ALL know ninjas wear high-heels , right ? Especially the sneaky ones . -RRB- If you 're a die-hard X-men fan or Jim Lee-era fan and you feel you ABSOLUTELY NEED to have a Psylocke figure , then by all means grab this one -LRB- or go to a local Toys R Us or other store , which probably has them on clearance . -RRB- Otherwise , pass this one up , and let it die in silence.Hope this helps ! - Marvel Man
 We bought this in preference to the Tupperware ball that - while definitely a fond memory of mine and my wife 's - has become incredibly expensive ! When the ball arrived it looked great -LRB- although the lack of a square is a little puzzling as a fundamental shape -RRB- and our little guy loved it . The problem arrived when trying to insert the circle/round piece . One way around it fit just fine ; the other , no dice . Taking a closer look we found rough edges on the inside that were snagging against the - poorly - fitted shape . The seams were raised on one side just enough to prevent it dropping in . This is not the kind of negative reinforcement we wanted in this toy as at 15 months old our son 's not getting the `` yes that 's the right shape , in the right hole but you need to flip it over , jiggle it and then pound it in '' message . Such a slacker ; -RRB- Overall , it would have been a great product if the quality control on the line that produced it was up to standard .
 Reading all the positive reviews , I 'm wondering if we all played the same game . In a nutshell , this game is far too easy , far too short , and not very interesting . The winner is more determined by who goes first than anything else , and frankly , the letter distribution is such that it is near impossible not to make a word immediately . My wife and I played this game two or three times before we were utterly bored . This is contrast to `` Word Thief '' , also a Scrabble like word card game . That game , however , is far more challenging , much more involved , and will last more than 5 minutes , and can be played with as little as two players . Buy `` Word Thief '' , and forget `` Quiddler '' .
 We have not had much time to play this game , it is a game meant for more than 2 players , more exciting with more people .
 Thank you for the game `` Quiddler . '' It arrived in great time and I will buy from you in the future . It is a FUN game -- I love it .
 If you 're lucky enough to get the right letters in your hand , you 'll probably have a good time . If you happen to get a handful of vowels and Qs , however , you get a lesson in futility . My wife and I did invent a fun game with these beautiful cards , though
 My mom bought this for me at our local bookstore . It sounds like it would be fun on the box , but once you start playiung iot is somewhat confusing and quite boring . I have tried playing it a few times and just ca n't seem to find the fun in it . My advice is to not get the game unless you REALLY want to .
 The only interaction is that during your play/turn you get to chance to choose from the discard pile and only the card that the person before discarded . It 's also too easy to make words and go out , two rounds is the norm ; and the larger the word made means nothing extra . The high review average for this game says something about the people posting reviews in general .
 I had a friend recommend Izzi but the box we got seems to be defective . The game consists of little cardboard squares . I think our set was not cut properly . There is a tiny line of black next to a lot of the white cards . So we were n't sure if we play the card as if it is white -LRB- and the black is barely there because it was not cut properly -RRB- or if it really has a black edge . We get into too many debates and it ruins the whole game .
 I had high hopes for this little game however the kids were quickly bored and the game will undoubtedly do nothing but collect dust for the rest of it 's life .
 I do not recommend buying these Stikfas . They are cool to look at , and are absolute eye candy for my kids . After having bought or been given several , almost all have broken during the assembly process . If you want a cool little figure to put on your desk , then by all means buy it and put it together * carefully * . If you are looking for a toy for a kid that will actually use them , avoid these or face certain disappointment.I 'm disappointed , both because my son is very disappointed and because they are wonderful looking little toys that did not meet expectations . Too bad .
 the description for the drum said that it came with a breakaway neck strap . this was not included in the box . wanted my granddaughter to be able to march around and play the drum . amazon is great and is letting me return it.maybe will look for a different toy drum .
 If you want a Dora doll that your child will cuddle and love this is NOT it . She 's hard , unyielding and only does one grouping of phrases . Her arms and legs do not bend , so your daughter can not put her in a stroller and take her for a walk . My 2 year old daughter is a MAJOR Dora fan and did not like this one at all . I took this doll back and got a soft plush Dora doll that has a comb and activity book . It was cheaper and my daughter takes her everywhere . This one is not worth the money .
 I bought this toy for my 4 year old . She enjoys the familiar `` We Did It '' song . However , this plays only after the same three recorded messages and she says them in the same sequence , every time . I was hoping the toy would expand her knowledge of Spanish - beyond the word for `` pink '' . Her backpack does n't even open . Now the fun is to try to get the doll to sing the song in sequence with the show 's signature song . That 's about it .
 This review is for the 2005 kid 's review bellow . The kid down there said that this toy did not have a head . Then she ordered another one and it 's foot was missing COME ON PEOPLE !!! Do you people actually think that ? Well iv ' e seen some kid reviews that are FALSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S. I 'm a boy and 10 years old going to turn 11 in october 4 . Oh and click this linkFisher-Price We Really Did It Dora Dolland you will see that my little sister reviewed a one star review on that product .
 My four year old daughter just had to have this toy . My mother bought it for her for Christmas . Once it was out of the package , her comment was , `` she 's too hard to sleep with '' . When I tried to coax her back into playing with it , only to please Grandma , she pushed the button to make it move and walked away . I personally think that the Spanish leaves much to be improved upon . The words are not very clear , thus teaching kids the worng pronounciation . If it would n't have come from my mother , it would be the next thing in the Goodwill bag .
 This toy was OK right up until some body gave Dora an extra manual twist ... Now Dora does not twist or dance anymore ... That is 50 % of the fun . Her vocabulary is very limited . My husband threw away the box the next day and now I can not return it . One positive comment-My grand daughter did learn how to say Pink in spanish .
 I returned the Dora as it did not speak English . The language the doll `` speaks '' should always be listed . My daughter had the same Dora doll 10 yrs ago when she was a baby ; and she wanted the Dora as hers -LRB- that spoke English/Spanish -RRB- broke .
 This was a gift for my two year old niece . My sister said it was a bit confusing with so many parts , and they were n't really sure what to do with it .
 no problems with the seller it showed up on time and in good working order . the toy just does n't do what the manufacture says it will do . sucks , but cool bath toys are really hard to find .
 I bought this toy for my daughters 2nd Birthday . She loves Barney and loves to dance , so I thought this would be perfect . The Barney doll constantly falls off and wo n't stay on . All this toy did was frustrate my daughter . I 'm talking it back and getting something she can enjoy playing with .
 I bought this toy for my son 's 2nd birthday present . Needless to say , I was extremely disappointed . The doll first of all took forever to blow up -LRB- it has to be done manually -RRB- and then the air would not stay in the doll . On top of that , I ca n't even exchange it because no one has them in stock . The whole experience has just been aweful for my son .
 My son is 23 mos old and really shows no interest in this toy . He will stand on it for about 1 minute - if that . And Barney is always falling over . If I had to purchase this product again - I definately would not !
 Our child is a very active child . Likes to dance to music and loves Barney - so we thought this would be a perfect gift . Boy , were we wrong!The Barney doll continually falls off of the base that it stands on ; the base , once put on , can not be taken off . The instructions even caution the purchaser to make sure they get it right the first time!Overall , the toy is not very educational . Aside from the toy asking our child to find a different colored foot print , or one of Barney 's pals on the mat , there is not much more the toy will teach .
 This toy is defintly not worth the money . You will spend more time blowing it up than your kids will enjoy playing with it . Even when it fully blown up it still falls over . It was not at all what I expected it to be esp for the price .
 my daughter LOVES Barney and I thought that this would be perfect for her . The only time she stepped on the mat in 3 days was on accident . The Barney kept falling off and deflating . It is going back ...
 I guess this toy would be ok-if you just want the dancemat . We got this toy as a gift and have used it twice . The problem-Barney does not stay up and constantly tips over . We 've tried to fix him but still does n't work-now we 're going to toss it .
 We may have purchased a defective one then because Barney will either deflate while trying to spin or he will come out the base -LRB- I even tried to double-tape the bottom of his feet to the base , but that did n't work either -RRB- . My 2 year old loved this toy , but since Barney does n't stay put -LRB- or deflated -RRB- , it made her upset , so we ended up throwing it out . I did n't realize that not everyone had this problem -LRB- from the other reviews I have read -RRB- . Maybe , we just purchased a `` bad '' one or something .
 I should have read these reviews before I got this item for my daughter , it was a total disappointment . Barney does not hold enough air to stay standing up so even though you can orginally start him standing his foot stays in as his body spins around as if he is doing the limbo . HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!!
 Could not wait to get this for my 2 year old grandson as the concept seemed really great . It is way too loud . Semi-classical could have been used instead of whatever the programmed music is called.Hard to hear the mat music , noise , because of the music.Barney was hard to blow up as the air kept coming out of the blow up hole.We are taking this toy back .
 The Barney doll is a blow-up doll and does not stand up properly on the stand even when it is at filled at capacity with air . It just turned out to be a big noise-making mat that our toddler dances on .
 In the final stages of production , this item was misaligned but somehow got through quality control . The north south lines are off by 10-12 degrees at the equator where the upper half and lower half of the globe are joined . See enclose photos.I had read from other reviews that this was common place but decided to take a chance.How could such a huge mistake on a globe costing $ 80.00 get by quality control ? Is this a factory second , and if so , why not advertise it as such?That 's probably why it was $ 20 off.I 'll never by another Replogle again .
 Bad quality all over . The box did n't show any signs of any damage , but the stand was bent . It is made of cardboard that was glued and sometimes the seams did n't match . Not a smart buy at all .
 The lines on the globe did not line up . I kept it because I home school and my grandson was so thrilled with it .
 Your suspicion that the world has become a smaller place will be easily proved if you buy this wonderfully small globe . Since I bought it for a dainty little girl , I am not worried that it will turn into a soccer ball or basketball that will break the heirloom that has been in the family for seventy-five years , or go through a kitchen window . I am also sure that it will float in the backyard pool , therefore being fun for the entire family , but the downside is that they will probably learn nothing about the South China Sea or the jetstream while using it.The rich detail , as the other reviewer described it , can be seen in the vibrant colors that determine states , seas , and raised mountain ranges that provide perfect justification for learning how to use a magnifying glass or wear coke-bottled glasses . It 's perfect for the kid who you would like to see develop eye strain while searching for the Gobi Desert , and the price should well be within your orbit . The stand and meridian are sturdy enough and will hold the globe at a 17 degree tilt until someone learns how to dismantle it . Unfortunately , the world itself does not screw apart at the Equator , which would give you two serving bowls for M & M Peanut and M & M Plain.My suggestion is that you shop for a globe made of the same durable plastic that tells your progeny the world is a bigger place . In the hands of a rambunctious young lad he will learn much more about the world around him and , with the world within his grasp , develop infinitely more destructive power in the home than this smaller version.Yes , it 's a small world indeed , and this globe is even smaller.P . S. Feeling embarrassed , I bought Waverley a bigger one .
 It was a nice idea , and the box is very pretty.Unfortunately the name of the game bears no relation to the subject matter of a good proportion of the questions set . Someone seemed to have a real obsession with ` gansta rappers ' and thought that anyone who had been killed was obviously ` goth ' even if there was no corrolation whatsoever.Because of this I think their markets are going to be severely mismatched - the people who buy this game are going to have no interest in half the questions and those who would have been interested in the questions wo n't pick up the game in the first place.A real shame - not least because now no-one else can do the job properly , because the name has already been associated with this missed opportunity .
 The questions are too hard . I 'm a horror fanatic and I could n't even answer the questions , let alone play it with my friends . A few examples : - What English poet and heavyweight died on his 52nd birthday ? William Shakespeare.-What is the scientific study of the skull shape and contours and how they affect behavior and personality ? Phrenology.-What did serial killer Albert Fish once dub his own bundle of murder weapons ? Instruments of Hell.-What thrash band covered Motorhead 's song ` Iron Fist ' on their album ` Persecution Mania ' ? Sodom.-Nick Cave wrote two poetry books published under Henry Rollins publishing company . Name one . `` King Ink 1 and King Ink 2 . `` Unless you live , breathe , and poop horror , I would n't recommend it .
 As said by my best friend , a goth for years . When you throw in a song because of it 's song title and not it 's band , in this case Guns and Roses , then there are issues . There were many things tied to the game for the simple fact that they could be connected to stereotypical things , even though they do not remotely have anything to do with the subject.Things like Switchblade Symphony , the Crow , etc. were nowhere in the game.So for you true goths , and you know who you are , this game is not even worth your consideration unless you wish to burn it and smile at the death of something that suffered without a choice . I leave the decision to you .
 I received my Replogle NASA Moon Globe on June 24 of 2010 . By that evening I had noticed that the longitude lines on the northern hemisphere did n't line up with those on the southern hemisphere . Upon investigating this minor annoyance I discovered that the southern hemisphere was attached almost 180 degrees out of sync . The far side of the moon was under the near side . Because the globe had an indicator to show where areas visible from earth ended it should have been obvious to whoever put it together that the western limit of moon visibility in the northern hemisphere had no business being just above the eastern limit of moon visibility that was written on the southern hemisphere . This review is simply a warning to anyone buying the globe . Check it out!Although I gave my moon a single star , I anticipate that the company will replace it with a correctly constructed globe . That globe will indeed be worth a five star rating . The globe is beautiful and for someone who is interested in lunar observing it will serve as a handy reference . -LRB- But probably not completely replacing the laminated Sky and Telescope Field Map of the Moon -RRB-
 Unfortunately , the globe we received had the same map printed on both the Northern and Southern hemispheres . We expected a globe of the moon to have two distinct hemispheres , not the same one flipped and repeated .
 This globe is beautiful , but when I opened the package I noticed that it was two northern hemispheres glued together . Its almost like the manufacturer paid a chimp to grab two random pieces and glue them together any which way . Its a shame too because the globe is really detailed and looks great . When I called the shipper , I got the feeling that this is an extremely common problem .
 I was completely disappointed with this globe . It was a total rip off for the price . It looked like it had been made by kindergartner . It was not nearly as nice looking as the picture posted on amazon . The stand was a really cheap looking plastic and the globe itself was a joke .
 I got this toy for Christmas , and I hoped that it would really suck up all my brother 's junk on the floor ! But I was really disappointed when it did n't work . SO I got Mommy and Daddy 's vacuum while they were out and my brother was outside doing homework , and sucked all of his things off the floor . Boy , did my bum roast when he came inside !
 My 4 year old daughter had her heart set on a vacuum cleaner for her birthday . She had picked out the red Hoover vacuum which really works and picks up small trash off of the floor but is a Barbie freak so instead of buying the Hoover , we purchased the Barbie one thinking that it would be perfect for her . Much to our surprise , it only makes real vacuum noises . It does not really clean . We returned the Barbie vacuum and purchased the Hoover for several dollars less .
 Erector is great toys even i like them more than Lego . But this set is very bad quality and every part is rough . I hope Meccano to get this feedback to stop manufacturing this toy in China that makes Erector losing the soul ~
 I am very disappointed in this toy . My sons enjoy putting things together as well as taking things apart . This product is overwhelming , even for my husband who tried to `` help '' them but they quickly lost interest . There are various screws like 15/64 that you must sort through to find . There are no words used in the instructions to help you build it . I feel like we wasted our money .
 I was disappointed in this toy . I bought it for my 6 year old grandson and did n't even give it to him for Christmas . I was ashamed to give it . I looks like a piece of junk . It says 643 pcs but it looks more like 25 . I just put it away and will give it to him some other time when a nice gift is n't expected . I would not buy anymore of these erector sets . . Disappointed Nana .
 I ordered the `` Erector Special Edition Set '' of this page but I was shipped the `` Erector Motorized Racing Car & More '' instead.What a scam !! Reading the reviews you can clearly tell that this page was offering the special edition set . There is alsostill a picture of the special edition set along with the new racing car set they are pushing on this page.I called Amazon and they wont do anything about it . The India call center hung up on me . Pretty poor customer service .
 We purchased this set for our son 's birthday and were all very excited about building a model after supper . I told him to pick a model off of the back of the box and he selected the tow truck . Upon opening the box and the instruction manual , I was vey frustrated to see that it only contained instructions for ELEVEN models . The box clearly shows twenty-five . I was frustrated and my son was disappointed , but we selected another model and had a great time . The Erector Set website FAQs note that they do not include instructions for all models because they want kids to use their imagination . I think that is great , but engineering requires a basic set of skills before one can put one 's imagination to work creating something greater . Overall , this is a fun toy , but my son was not blessed with a mechanical engineer for a father . I can follow instructions , but I do n't yet know how to turn an erector set into a tow truck with moving parts . The packaging is misleading .
 The electric motor has a switch for forward/backward moving.The switch works only one way !? I show this rate bacause the Erector Motorized Racing CarConstruction Set may be used but without of all functionx .
 Bought for my son . Bought size 3 and was too small and are like size 1 . Did n't bother to return .
 The product itself is good however the sizing is quite off . I bought a size 2.5 for my 10 y/o daughter and they were at least one size too small .
 A waste of time and money.Lost interest trying to get the game goingTry the Jeff Foxworthy game . : -RRB-
 Game play is super simple , which makes it easy for anyone to understand , but how many times can you perform the 3 steps -LRB- roll dice , read card , do what it says -RRB- before your forehead bangs into the table ? There is absolutely NO thinking or significant player decisions in this `` game '' . It 's strictly a scripted tour through a series of jokes , and how many trips could anyone stand?One way to lessen the pain is to roll 3 dice for movement -LRB- so you move 50 % faster -RRB- , but better would be 4 dice , or 5 dice , or really honor your intelligence by skipping this extended bad joke entirely .
 i bought this game based on the reviews about how FUNNY it was to play . it 's ok . not worth the money
 I bought this for my son 's 9th birthday . The light stopped working seconds after putting in the battery . The entire Magniscope literally fell apart within five minutes . Do n't waste your money !
 This item does n't even work . The little light that you are suppose to stick into the base to be able to even see anything is n't bright enough . There is no point in using the focus knob because you are never able to actually see anything . If you take it out of the base to carry around , which is a great idea , still does n't matter , you ca n't see anything ... Expensive and a waste of money !!!
 Someone gave this to my son for his birthday and he was excited while opening it . Then we realized the bulb was not working , which made the entire microscope unusable . I wrote to the company and a customer rep promised to mail us a bulb . That was 4 months ago . We are stilll waiting . Clearly they do not make good on their products . This one should have been taken off the market .
 What Star Wars fan would n't want a Jango Blaster ? It looks like a great toy , but it is actually quite poorly constructed . It has a lot of glue visibly holding it together . We had it out of the package less than 5 minutes and it broke in 3 different places ! Also the screws on the battery compartment are almost impossible to remove . It does make cool , electronic gun sounds though -LRB- on the one that we could open to get the batteries in -RRB- .
 I was very disappointed with the Jango Fett Blaster . I purchased this toy for my son who is a huge Star Wars fan . The blasters come with holsters , typical holsters with belts , but three seperate pieces . There were no directions on how to attach and wear the holsters . Also , parts of the holsters are glued together and have already fallen apart . Very bad purchase !!
 2 guns make cool sounds with 2 AA batteries each . The holster is the problem with this kit . Description says it 's for 8 year olds , but the holster is fixed with velcro and is too large for my 36 '' waist , let alone a child 's . This will be returned .
 Be aware that this holster is made for a 34 '' waist yet is sold for accessories for children 's costumes !! After purchasing this , my husband altered the holster by cutting it down and riveting it to fit our 7 year old son otherwise there was no way it would work . I think this is item is very misleading !! It is also very confusing to put together !!
 My son loves the guns , but I had to completely reconfigure the holster the leg straps barely fit around my 4 yr old and the belt is 4 times to big . The holster was a waist of money . Much velcro went ito making the holster to fit my son .
 My 8 year old paid for this with his own money . We just opened it and have n't put batteries in the guns yet , so I ca n't speak to them , but the holster is defective . One piece of velcro on one of the holsters is on the wrong side of the strap , so I had to twist the strap to connect it . As another reviewer mentioned , the length of the belt is just bizarre . It almost wraps twice around him , but not quite , so there 's no way he can wear it . And I just checked the return policy
 My 5 year old boy enjoys the life-like sounds of the guns . Lights would make them even better.The belt at the waste is adult size , even though the size on the package shows it is small and meant for kids . I am wondering if the manufacturer mis-labelled the package.The holsters also hang really low for kids . We make major modifications to make it fit and only use one gun holster , so it will work for halloween .
 The Jango Fett Blasters were fine but the holster was a mess !! I purchased this for my child and it did n't specify that there was a `` size '' to order . Needless to say , it did not fit at all and I could n't even get it to fit me ... 120lb adult female ... it looks like it was made for a large man ! Even then , it did not come with instructions so it looked like a pile of spaghetti and I could not get the contraption to resemble the picture ... only buy the guns , you would be better off making your own holsters !!
 When we recieved this item we were excited , but upon opening realized the mistake.The holster is poorly made and fell apart literally within minutes . The seems did n't stick . One of the guns never made sound . We even tried different batteries thinking the ones we were using were bad . Its is sad because my son was really hoping for a fun toy . It is not and extremely overprised . Do not buy !
 Very poorly made and fell apart just about immediately . I was able to salvage the holsters with some homemade MacGuyvering using brads but I would give it a pass . The guns are cheap and do not make any sound . Do n't buy this .
 Cheap , Cheap and still cheaper.I know its a costume , not really a toy , but this thing pushes the limits.Straps are as flexible as paperboard.They are glued on to the holsters and pull off very easily.Sized to fit overweight Star Wars enthusiast adults.Steer clear .
 The advertisement was misleading and missing some important information . The listing for this product was unclear as to what size of a person it was for . Given that the electronic pistols had batteries and associated noises , I assumed it was for a child . However the belt was enormous -- I would guess it is for an adult with a minimum waist of probably 42 '' and was not very adjustable to a smaller size . Since the item was purchased a couple of weeks before Halloween , there was no time to return it and get a replacement . There was a considerable amount of cutting and taping that had to be done in order to get this product to work for an 8-year-old . Also , the pistols in the picture appear to be silver while the actual product was white . As far as we can tell from looking at the movie , Jango Fett 's pistols are SILVER , so we do n't know why we were sent pistols of a different color .
 I bought Star Wars Jango Fett blasters for by boys to go with their Jango and Boba Fett costumes . Both sets I got literally fell apart before they had a chance to use them . Looked good in the package but totally worthless when put together , strapped on my boys . I had to use super glue and duct tape to keep them attached to the belt . Even then they just fell off . All of us were disappointed :-LRB- I would never recommend these blasters or the company that made them .
 I 'm super disappointed in this purchase . The reason I did n't buy these at Halloween USA for cheaper is because the bright orange and white guns look nothing like blasters . The picture shows a grey/silver blaster , not a bright orange one which is what I got . I am returning this product .
 The endcaps that screw onto the base of the guns had tabs that were incorrectly manufactured . We had to use a knife to cut the tabs off before we could unscrew the cap to insert the batteries . Also , one of the endcaps did not make proper contact with the battery , so one gun did n't work .
 Our Jengo Fett Blasters and Holster arrived today . Within five minutes of getting it out of the package , the holsters came unglued . One of the blasters does n't work - when screwed in , it blasts continuously instead of with a trigger pull . How disappointing !
 Piece of plastic trash . Belt fell apart as soon as I took it out of the package . My son was entirely upset at the one thing he wanted for Christmas . He kept asking why Santa did n't make these very good and why they fell apart . Do not buy !!!!!
 Looked great in the picture , but fell aparat immedaitely.Bad directions to bootI should have listened the prior reviewers that warned about buying it
 First let me state the positive . The blasters themselves were OK , they take batteries and make noise when you shoot , a nice , unexpected surprise . This si where the good news stops.As this was purchased for halloween along with the Jango Fett costume , the holsters were a critical component . My son needed the holsters to hold the blasters while trick-or-treating . I have no earthly idea how those holsters are supposed to work . The item does n't come with any instructions , picutres on the box , nothing . We tried for 30 minutes to figure it out and finally determined it simply was n't possible to make the holsters functional . According the picture - that came with the Jango Fett costume - the top of the holster is meant to go around like a belt , and the bottom of each holster should strap to each leg . I can assure you , that this - or any other functional method - is simply not acheivable.If all you want are the blasters , then this is a decent set , but throw the holsters in the trash .
 The first thing I noticed was how cheaply this is made . The first gun I removed from the packaging did n't work at all , after trying several batteries . Did n't bother with the other before I sent it back.I 'm going to try and find one at a local store so I do n't have to deal with shipping another one back .
 Do not buy ! Do not buy ! Horrible . Here are the issues . 1 gun broken and with parts loose and rattling inside . 1 gun has bent metal connector ... probably will not last long . All plastic glued joints fell apart within a few minutes coming out of the box . My son was way disappointed . My son needs it for costume party so I am forced to attempt fixing it . Hot glue will not work since the holster has a weird oily residue . Not built for children . Not Safe . Nothing fits since it is designed for a large adult . The company selling this should actually feel shame for selling such crap . I failed by not reading other reviews which is my fault .
 I ordered this product for delivery NLT 2 Dec 06 and still have not received it from Amazon . They score a BIG FAT `` F '' . I have complained and they continue to extend the delivery date . Amazon is a zero ... !!
 This was given to my 5 year old for christmas and it 's very lame and not worth the plastic it 's housed in . Screen is very hard to see for anyone that looked at it including myself , no options , and very un entertaining . My 5 year old who loves spiderman and math hates this thing and finds it so boaring.Get them something they will use .
 The loom is a bare-bones loom , and the instructions are difficult even for an adult to understand . My daughter weaved about 8 lines with my help and just lost interest as you constantly need to rethread new yarn because it comes in strands rather than a continuous loop . Waste of money .
 What a disappointment -- and a rather pricey mistake . The idea looks good on paper , but this toy was difficult to assemble -LRB- small hands could n't push the pieces together -RRB- and the antenna was almost immediately broken by our 4-yr-old . Once my husband -LRB- an engineer -RRB- finally put it together , the gears kept binding up and it would n't go . I 'm going to ask the manufacturer to issue a refund or credit towards one of their other products which has been kid-tested and less of a chore .
 This toy was bought for my child therapy practice and I took one look at the contents and knew that it was too complicated and had so little reference to a real car that there was no way to relate to it . I am going to give it to my grandson for his birthday , and I wonder if he wo n't find it too complicated also . Your basic gears are much more useable and allow the child to create their own fun . I will buy one of those and let the kid create their own jalopy .
 We just bought this product -LRB- through another source -RRB- for our 4-year old . First of all , this is much too involved and complicated for a 4-year old to follow . Second , he broke it immediately . The tabs that the gears connect to are not very strong ; this has made the motorized based unusable . The gear idea is cute , but I will stick to legos and tinker toys in the future .
 1 . Parts fit together so poorly it is doubtful most children could connect most of them . I bloodied my knuckle while trying to fit two pieces together and had to make many connections by pressing connected parts into the floor .2 . Motor could not handle a vehicle -- built directly from intructions -- with many gears . I simplified the machine by removing about half the gears and the motor only worked at that point with some difficulty -LRB- with fresh batteries -RRB- .3 . Remote control and motor do not allow turning ; vehicles constructed can only move forward and in reverse .
 Piece are hard to put together and harder to get apart . 4yo lost interest VERY quickly . Does n't move properly in certain arrangements so you send even more time taking it apart and putting it together another way . Cute idea but , probably not worth the expense .
 Bought this toy with a lot of anticipation.Product turns out to be very difficult to assemble even for adults.Quality of parts are poor . . if the axles break when dropped -LRB- which happens a lot by a toddler -RRB- , they are rendered useless . . especially modules.But when its working , my son and me had a great time.Learning resources should put in a little bit of effort in improving the quality of the product .
 Not what I was expecting . The tool on the back to wind it up broke in the first 2 weeks .
 Stamp Pads Dimensions were identified as `` Stamp pads measure 21/4 in x 33/4 in '' but mine measured 21/8 in X 33/8 in . Product Dimensions - 4 x 3 x 1 inches make you think you are getting a bigger item then received .
 Huge disappointment . The drawers do not stay shut and just flop open when the box is moved even slightly . Considering the size of the box there is actually very little storage . Poor sound quality . Just overall a really bad product .
 I bought this jewelry box for my daughter 's birthday . I was so happy when I first opened the shipping box and saw that it was indeed just as beautiful as it looked in the picture . However , when I turned it over I saw a small warning sticker on the bottom of the box . It warned me that the jewelry box contained lead and should not be eaten or chewed . Fine , my daughter is past the age where she would chew on it . However , the warning continued , saying that it may generate dust containing lead . Unacceptable . I am promptly returning this jewelry box as I do not want my daughter exposed to any levels of lead knowing that lead can cause so many problems especially with learning development . No jewelry box is worth that no matter how pretty the picture .
 i have the original version and paid $ 13 for it . i decided to give a gift and got the ` deluxe ' version on amazon for $ 26 - what a mistake !! what they call ` deluxe ' is instead of a nice sturdy board , they provide a flimsy plastic place mat -LRB- which of course retians it bumps after rolling -RRB- and a light frosting on one side of the chips - give me a break ! do yourself a favor and skip the deluxe - jax should really be ashamed of themselves , they are ripping people off and providing less value instead of more .
 I bought this about a year ago for fun . I kept in my purse to use as a place to keep cash I was holding on to in case of emergencies while out . I love the anime and thought it would be a lot of fun and maybe a conversation starter but it was really cheap . It is really hard to open at first and by the time you get any flexibility in to the wallet the image is all broken has crease lines throughout . The quality of this product is very low .
 We play the full sequence game and really enjoy it . This game basically has one location for each card and one deck of cards . There is little to think about and it 's really not fun in anyway . The small pieces only make it more annoying . I would not suggest it to anyone for any purpose .
 I was really disappointed because this is really not sequence - the directions are not clear and it does not have all the spaces and cards . Does not live up to the real game at all . I wanted a travel version of the real game not a crappy substitute .
 The design of this game tends to constrain player choice heavily , preventing you from hatching and executing satisfying strategies . Most of the game result comes down to pure luck and good timing in the use of wildcards . The reason this is the case is that the game requires a 5 in a row to win , but the rows you can play are bingo style to cards you are drawing ... So it ends up being mostly pure chance.I do like that the game is extremely easy to learn , so from that perspective its a plus , but there are a lot of card games and board games that are just as easy to learn , but significantly more interesting from a strategy perspective.While this is likely to be a fun family game , it 's pretty terrible for adults who play board games in general
 This game seems to get a lot of attention and praise . Some of my fellow revieweres here have even given it high ratings for educational value . . EDUCATIONAL VALUE ?? I guess it helps in pattern and color recognition , and how to correctly count from one to five but this game has about as much educational value as watching old reruns of Leave it to Beaver and about as much strategy as connecting Legos . For good , fun and unique family games , try Carcassone , or Settlers of Catan -LRB- unfortunaly , Amazon does not carry the better board games , you have to get them elsewhere -RRB-
 This game is one of the most pedantic , boring games I 've ever played . It requires no skill . The idea is that you have a board with all the cards printed on it . Then you draw real cards from a deck . Then you put a chip on a printed card from one you have in your hand . The first person to get five in a row wins . What sort of strategy is that ? You do n't even have to be awake to play this game . But if you have a very precocious 9 month old , they may think it 's fun . But I doubt it .
 This game is lots of fun for kids and adults . We had a birthday party for a 14 year old and none of the kids knew how to play . We taught them the game and they played for a couple of hours and wanted to start playin again the next morning .
 When I took the dice out of the head I noticed they had a greasy substance on them . When I wiped the material off the numbers went with it . I do n't mind that it 's a cheap sort of game made in China , as long as it provides its utility -LRB- improving my 9 yr old 's math skills -RRB- . However , finding a mystery substance on a kids game , and said 9 yr old 's hands , was disconcerting enough to me to provide a 1-star rating .
 we never played it once -- she looked at the pieces/parts , tossed them under the couch and went to her coloring books instead
 THIS IS A TOY THAT IF YOU WANT IT , THAT IS ALL YOU WILL EVER DO IF YOU ORDER IT FROM THIS DEALER !! HE WILL NOT DELIVER AND DOES NOT ANSWER EMAILS FOR OTHER PRODUCT HE SOLD TO ME , SO I AM SURE HE WILL DO SAME WITH THIS PRODUCT !! HAVE FUN ... GOOD LUCK !!
 I returned this . I did n't like that you have to pack the food in through the back of the van . It was very hard to get anything in it and you would have to take everything out to get at stuff you put in first . It was very cute and wished it was designed like other lunch boxes and opened by the whole side of the Mystery Machine .
 The lunch box has a flap that unzips -LRB- when the zipper does n't get stuck -RRB- . The flap is located where the rear of the van would be , therefore , it is very , very small and very , very inaccessible for loading the lunchbox . The zipper is so bad that the school `` suggested '' that we get another lunchbox because there were times that even the lunch monitors could n't get it open . As other reviewers mentioned , I only got a lunch box and it was a huge waste of money . My child grabbed it and used it before I could return it . Probably my worst Amazon purchase ever .
 I bought this lunch box for my 5 year old nephew for his birthday , per his request for a Scooby Doo lunchbox and backpack . The reviews that I read were n't right . The lunch box only came as itself , without any attachments . The zipper sticks and it does n't seem that good of a value for the money . As it was a gift , I gave it to my nephew cause I did n't have any other option , but if I had seen a review like this I would have ordered another one and saved myself the hastle .
 Hard for my kid to open his lunch box . I tried to cut the inner part that was getting stuck in the zipper and the seam fell apart . Now I have to buy another lunch box .
 I love Scooby Doo and so does my 4 year old . I read the reviews on this specific item and the reviews mention strap for a water bottle , a coin pocket for money , and containers that do NOT come with this kit . I am very disappointed and want others to know that if you order this , it is ONLY a lunch bag not a KIT ! The bag is well made and the details are great but please be aware .
 Zipper sticks , no coin pouch , thermos or sandwich container . I 'm shocked at the poor quality Thermos is putting out ! I am so disappointed . I will be contacting the manufacturer as well , this is just awful .
 The zipper catches on the lining every time it 's opened and closed . I do n't know why it 's called a `` kit ; '' it comes with nothing . It 's just the bag . $ 14 for something that is hard to use and cost probably $ .50 to make is ridiculous .
 for $ 27 i thought it would at least come with SOME accessory - but nothing it is an empty box . No money holder do n't know what the other folks below are talking about . and no thermos/drink holder . pretty much worth $ 12 so i call it a rip-off .
 I ordered this lunch box off the image shown . In the second image you can clearly see that there is a flap that folds down . There are two of these boxes out there , one with the flap and one without . It is the one WITH the flap that I wanted , so I tripple checked the image to be sure it was the right one.The lunch box arrived over the weekend and it is the wrong one.I do have an email into the company to see what can be done and will ammend this review if the situation is corrected .
 Not only did our $ 25 dollar lunch kit not come with a water bottle the design have apparently been changed so it now has no strap , and no pocket for money . Big surprise it 's made in Unpronouncable City , China.The best part is I noticed the missing items AFTER giving it to my 4 year old daughter so I guess we are stuck with it.If this is the road thermos products are taking I will not be purchasing any more products from them.Ironically I found this item while browsing their website after watching a `` How it 's Made '' show about their vacuum thermos and thought I would check out what looked to be a quality first world manufactured product .
 I purchased the Scooby Doo Mystery Lunch Kit . The `` LUNCH KIT '' Did n't include the Thermos and Sandwich holder.It DID include the owners paperwork for the thermos . I am reading the Lunch Kit Care and Use section now . Thanks Amazon . It is very useful to send me the Instructions for the Thermos even though I dont have a Scooby Doo Thermos . I GOT RIPPED OFF !!!! There was a Scooby DOO Lunch box for $ 19.99 I was going to buy , But I bought this $ 27.00 `` LUNCH KIT '' So my kid would have the thermos and other accessories . WEll , I am sure no one cares , But I am done with AMAZON ! I will CC
 My 5 year old son loved it until he tried to unzip it . Does n't unzip around the curve . You have to really pulpit apart and yank it to get it open . Ca n't open and close it .
 Bought lunchbox set and when it arrived it came without little red snack pack . Sent it back after GREAT DIFFICULTY figuring out how to do so -LRB- getting a # & ^ & ^ * & ^ $ ** phone number was impossible -RRB- . Another was sent ... also without little red snack pack ! WHAT THE HECK . Great difficulty finding number again . Got through only to find out set does not come with little red snack pack . Get it together over there !!!
 I am unable to decide what the lunch kit means . I only received the box part . Even though I know that my son will love it , as a consumer I am very disappointed with the lack of details surrounding the product . I have learned my lesson .
 My six year old loves the product , thanks to Scooby Doo not Thermos . Returning a Scooby Doo item is not possible from our house right now and that forces me to vent with a review.As delivered the zipper would only open a few inches due to the arrangement of seams sewn on the inside . After some serious trimming I managed to make the zipper function . I find it difficult to imagine that the product was ever tested.The decision to place the zipper around one end of the case not around one of the large side panels may have saved a few cents on the zipper component , but it makes the case essentially uncleanable.Don ' t worry Thermos , I have no intention of forcing my daughter to be rational - until it is too late .
 Zipper broke within 6 weeks , had to replace it . . Other than that , son really loved it , just disappointed in the durability .
 I had a car full of 6-year old boys and they played with this thing for about 10 minutes and were done . After moving the car around a couple times on the track , there 's just not much to do ...
 We received this as a gift and one of the units did not work right out of the box . I was told by the store that I had to return them to the manufacturer . I called them , got the instructions for return , and sent them in for an exchange . That was a year and a half ago . This toy is garbage . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this for my 3-year old son and we returned it the same day . You have to push a button on the frog 's back for the letter chips to shoot out and my son could n't do it . I also had trouble with it ! You have to push it hard and fast , and even then sometimes the letters would get stuck in the frog 's mouth . It does n't do much for letter learning either because the frog only `` ribbits '' when a chip comes out . Also , I was suspicious that there was no battery size indicator on the box . Since it did n't come with an instruction manual -LRB- which you do n't need anyway -RRB- , I had to open the battery compartment to find that it uses 3 of those small button cell batteries -LRB- a little larger than watch batteries -RRB- . It 's a cute idea and my son enjoyed it if I helped him , but I would n't recommend it .
 This set is very disappointing . While well weighed on the bottom , the pieces seem HOLLOW on top , which gives them an insubstantial feel -LRB- and clinky sound -RRB- . I would n't want to see the results if , in the heat of a blitz battle , one of these hits the floor . In addition , I would have expected these pieces to be more matt in their finish and less plastic-y . Finally , the pawns are strangely elongated relative to standard Staunton proportions . -LRB- While not clear from the picture , the pawns are just about the same height as the rooks . -RRB- Compare this to the standard-issue ubiquitous `` club '' set which in the standard SOLID matt version sells for peanuts and in the weighted version -LRB- also solid -RRB- sells for half of this Marshall set and has none of the flaws mentioned . If it would have cost another $ 15 - 20 bucks or whatever to manufacture this set correctly , I wish House of Staunton would have done so . I actually think that there is an absolute benefit to plastic over wood in almost all tournament settings -LRB- hence most expensive wood sets only languish in closets -RRB- , and I would be happy to spend more for something superior to garden-variety pieces . In this case , however , I regrettably spent twice as much for an inferior product and will continue to use my old standard club set .
 I happen to like many of the fine wood sets offered by House of Staunton -LRB- HOS -RRB- . HOS has a good reputation and has always treated me fairly , so I have no axe to grind . But I completely agree with C. Amara 's review of this set . These HOS plastics look and feel cheap and clunky , and are impractical , particularly for speed chess . So , I too , am still using my generic weighted `` Club '' set.The club sets are the de facto standard for good reason . They are attractive and the `` triple weighted '' club models have good balance and heft . They 're durable , and affordable , typically priced at 1/4th -LRB- or less -RRB- the price of these HOS plastics . The club sets can be found in a variety of color shades -LRB- e.g. ivory , antique white , yellow , etc. -RRB- , finish -LRB- glossy or matte -RRB- , and durability -LRB- ranges from brittle to kid-proof -RRB- so it pays to shop around . Generally , the better quality club sets cost a bit more , but even the worst of the weighted club sets are a better deal than this HOS set .
 This set is very disappointing . While well weighed on the bottom , the pieces seem HOLLOW on top , which gives them an insubstantial feel -LRB- and clinky sound -RRB- . I would n't want to see the results if , in the heat of a blitz battle , one of these hits the floor . In addition , I would have expected these pieces to be more matt in their finish and less plastic-y . Finally , the pawns are strangely elongated relative to standard Staunton proportions . -LRB- While not clear from the picture , the pawns are just about the same height as the rooks . -RRB- Compare this to the standard-issue ubiquitous `` club '' set which in the basic SOLID matt version sells for peanuts and in the more comparable weighted version -LRB- also solid -RRB- sells for half of this Marshall set and has none of the flaws mentioned . If it would have cost another -LSB- ... -RSB- or whatever to manufacture this set correctly , I wish House of Staunton would have done so . I actually think that there is an absolute benefit to plastic over wood in almost all tournament settings -LRB- hence most expensive wood sets only languish in closets -RRB- , and I would be happy to spend more for something superior to garden-variety pieces . In this case , however , I regrettably spent twice as much for an inferior product and will continue to use my old standard club set .
 Melissa and Doug train track is the poorest quality on the market . Many pieces barely connect and rather than a machined piece they use a cheap plastic peg . Go for imaginarium , lionel , or thomas .
 I purchased this for my three year old for christmas . It only lasted a two weeks before the magnets became disloged and from that point on it would not `` grow '' . And there is no way to fix this problem . I 'm sure this would be fine for the child who does not drop any of their toys!Good luck with yours if you purchase this item ! He did like it for the two weeks it lasted .
 I was sure my two year old son , who loves both giraffes and counting , would love this toy . He does n't . He has a hard time operating the drawer and fitting the cubes in . The button which advances the cubes does n't always work . The cubes are n't magnetic or well fitted and the giraffe is n't well balanced , so all the cubes and the giraffe head frequently tumble down . Even I get annoyed playing with it , and I have more patience than my toddler.Two thumbs down .
 Really almost nothing here . The things are smaller in scale than other products from the same maker and it seems to be more cheaply made .
 THIS REVIEW HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ROUND TABLE TOYS !! The problem is with GANZ , the company that makes the Webkinz . The low ratings are because of reduced play value , as I did n't let my kids register on the website . I did not realize that you can only use the site for one year , then you must purchase another animal to renew the account . Although their user agreement states that you may renew by paying a fee , it is a lie , according to their rep. This I was able to find out only after searching the web for a customer service number or address , making many phone calls , and waiting about a month for a customer id number which I could use when calling . I had refused to register on the site without knowing the renewal fee , but was not entitled to customer service just by buying the animal ; only registered site users can get contact info , and even that takes you in circles , according to the many , many comments I read in online forums . Add me to the long list of very unsatisfied customers who have had myriad problems with this company , mostly with getting customer service !!
 Cute stuffed animal but not such a great web-site . The selling point was the web-site but a big let down . Signing in to the site not so kid friendly .
 This poodle has seen better days and needs to be made better and much more adorable .
 Expected quality of webkinz I 've purchased in past , but this was smaller than expected , and much less well made . Pink &#34; fur &#34; was sparse and uneven . Not cute OR cuddly . Very disappointed . Makes me regret purchasing items on line !
 This product was way too expensive for no more than what you commonly see in a Happy Meal !! Would not advise anyone to purchase it .
 Well , you always pick up something for Xmas that ends up being a bust . This was it , this year.My son loves things that open and shut and we thought these would help him learn his colors . However , to say that the clams do n't stay together well is an understatement . They do n't stay together at all ! There is no hiding the smaller toys within the bigger clams because the clams just come right apart . The smaller toys are fine , but this toy loses its attraction without the bigger clams being functional . Bath time with these is just a mess of useless toys that are neither fun nor purposeful.Thumbs down . : -LRB-
 Yes , this provides a great opportunity to talk about colors to your little ones . The primary problem I have with this bath toy is that the clams really do n't stay together very well . In addition , the little toys that can squeeze water , well some of them are just impossible for little hands to use . I like the mesh bag for storage . If you get an incredible price on this then I 'm sure you wo n't have any regrets . Otherwise , you 'll probably want to wait until the price is right before picking up this bath toy .
 Let me start out by saying that I am a huge fan of the original 20Q game , it never ceases to amaze me with its ability to guess things correctly . 20Q music is about as opposite to this as you can get . In the 3 days that I have owned it , it has only guessed a few of my challenges correctly . It starts out by asking if you are thinking of a person , place , thing or unknown ? What do you call a group ? It seems to ask the same few questions over and over again . If you do n't know if the group or person you are thinking of is in the hall of fame , toured in 2005 or had a top 40 hit in the last 5 years , you ca n't answer the questions correctly . Apparently it likes The Who because that shows up often as a gues for any group I am thinking of.I am not happy with this product at all , it is a total waste of time to continuously answer 20 -LRB- or 25 -RRB- questions and have it be wrong 9 times out of 10 . I plan on returning mine as soon as possible .
 I 'm a fan of 20 questions . The original one , I highly recommend , do n't waste your money on this one . If you 're guessing a musical instrument , the accuracy is almost 100 % . If you 're guessing a singer or a band , the miss is almost 100 % . It has n't guessed a single one of my choices and I 've picked popular singers and groups.Stick with the original .
 Do n't waste your money on 20Q Music . We are fans of the original 20Q , which always amazes us with it 's accurate answers but this is no where near as accurate . My husband and I have played it numerous times and it has probably guess accurately once . One of the questions was `` does the persons name start with a B ? '' We answered yes . When it finaly guess the answer after the 20Q the name it gave started with T !!! It really is a time and money waster .
 The water on this gun only comes out in the double twisted helix . All of my kids and their cousins immediately started fighting to get the old soakers which `` shot straight '' , which is to say , in a single stream . Still , effective for the little kids , who have more of a challenge hitting their target ...
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday - he is a sports trivia nut . Not such a good choice ! Even with specific questions and answers - it rarely guesses correctly . The Sports version is now collecting dust on the coffee table .
 My husband and I were very disppointed when the toy arrived . The picture made it look larger and for the price it should have been .
 Beautiful colored picture was extremely misleading . I was sure that , for that kind of money , the toy would be much larger . I feel I was ripped-off .
 I was so excited to get this Kyo bobblehead ... until I opened the package . I thought I had been duped and gotten a bootleg , but that is apparently not the case.The quality of this thing is terrible . For one , the base looks like it was dirty prior to painting , so there are bumps in random places along the base , and the paint is thick in certain areas ; also , it has a gritty texture around the Fruits Basket logo . There is overpaint from the black base onto Kyo 's feet , which was not covered by the thin orange paint used for his body . The head is a nightmare . All the black lining is very uneven and looks like it was handpainted haphazardly by a child . The white paint was very thin and orange paint can be seen underneath . There is also a large clump of white paint on one of his teeth . The paint inside the ears is done very poorly and did n't bother staying in the bounds of his ears . Also , the head popped off the spring while I was examining him.Maybe I 'm overly scrutinizing him because I paint/build my own model kits ... but I honestly do n't think so . This company should be ashamed of the work they 've put out .
 WOW I purchased this for my 11 & 12 year old niece and new few I am 47 so not knowledgeable about today 's reviews I trusted other reviewers to guide me . Boy were they wrong ! The kids said this game was BORING and they we right ! I played along with them we barely finished 4 rounds before we said this game was stupid and changed to anther . I would not recommend.for adults or older BTW
 The dumper in the back is already full . My son ca n't put dirt or sand in the back and dump it out . It 's already filled with plastic `` dirt '' with another layer of plastic `` dirt '' underneath that becomes visible when the top layer is `` dumped . '' But even this dumpable top layer is attached to the toy ... so nothing gets dumped ! We got a tiny screwdriver and released a screw under the dumper -LRB- took forever -RRB- , and the fake dirt popped out . Now my son is happy his Muck is `` fixed '' . He asked us to fix the bucket , which is not curved enough to scoop any sand or dirt because there 's a magnet inside . But there 's no screw . So he can only use the little log it came with . As clever as the magnet is , it 's only fun for a day.As is the trend , this toy is only capable of playing in a closed system . It does n't fit into my son 's life . Ca n't they just make me a Muck ? Why do they have to gunk up the works ?
 This Muck can fit in the palm of your hand . If you were standing in a store and saw a Matchbox car would you pay eleven dollars for it pluis shipping ?
 Is this toy roughly the size of a Hot Wheels car ? If so , someone 's got A LOT of nerve charging 50 bucks for it . That 's totally outrageous !
 This game is rather boring . There is very little strategy as the players merely put markers based on the cards they are holding . If you have the `` blocking '' card then good for you . If you do n't then you lose . Wow , how much fun is that . I have been forced to play the game many times but would rather do anything else .
 The eye piece come of when I was taking it out of the box . Where the neck meets the body it is too thick not a smooth joint like other dolls . The body is too skinny or her uniform is too big , it just does n't seem to fit right .
 no dimensions in description and is way to small would n't recommend the size is alittle bigger than a matchbox car
 The photo was wonderful but misleading . I thought for that kind of money the toy would be much bigger . Feel extremely disappointed and ripped-off .
 I bought this for my daughter -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- and I was so excited for her to have a secret space of her own . Well when we opened it per the instructions it was not as EASY as 1 . .2 . .3 ... And I never did get it back to it 's original storage size . The sleeping bag velcro wore out fast and it was always toppling over if she was playing around in it . The little flap doors on either end tore as did the bean bag holes on the back side . The Bean bags did not last a month befor the seams were wearing and spilling out the beans.The zipper to close it was constantly jamming . My daughter and I played in it in the beginning like we were camping and I found that it became VERY STUFFY in it if it was closed up -LRB- front zipped and flaps closed -RRB- . And it is VERY hard to wash the main part of the tent when it gets dirty . I was very disapointed with this product . After about the first month my daughter no longer wanted to hassle with it . Ca n't say I blame her . It now lives folded -LRB- or at least what I could fold up -RRB- under my daughter 's bed . The only ones that really enjoyed it when it was up was the cats .
 The case and the included accessories are good . Unfortunately the microscope itself is of very poor quality . The light keeps flickering on and off and wo n't stay pointing in the proper direction . The optics are junk . My son did n't really learn anything from this , because it is so hard to SEE anything with it .
 THIS DOLL IS SHOWING OFF HER BREASTS EVEN IN THE BOX ! Mothers , do n't lt your child get her . And why would you want to buy a doll like this ? I suggest that you buy ANOTHER Barbie .
 She looks like Ann Nicole Smith on Herion!Did I metiton I am almost Twenty-one years old
 I didnt recive the model i order well the one in the picture . if you are going to sell something put the right picture deceiving .
 It looked good online but when we received it - it looked like a piece of cheesecloth stuffed with cotton that has been twisted and contorted in the shape of a head and body . When I removed the tag - all of the cotton stuffing came out of her wrist . This item is so cheap and not worth even 1.00 . It is really the worst buy I have ever made .
 We bought the Lego Sysbotics for my 8-year-old son for Christmas . He was very enthusiastic about it until we tried to install the software in our PC running Windows 2000 Professional -LRB- SP3 -RRB- . The software is not compatible and in Lego 's website they have almost no information about the problem . Great disappointment for Christmas day ! In the box they state that the product requires Windows 98 , ME or XP but is not clear that is NOT compatible with Windows 2000 . Not the usual great Lego product .
 she 's very stiff and her legs fall off if you pic her up . pic through her gown and her nipples are very detailed ; -RRB- perv.lol
 We got this product for our 3 and 7 year olds for Xmas . Not less than 3 months later , the product is broken . The metal part that shreds the ice was shredding itself - so parts of metal were found in my children 's icee . Dangerous ! Will not buy this product again and would not recommend this product to anyone .
 My 7 year old daughter received this as a gift . Unfortunately after trying to put it together , the handle kept coming off and the shaved ice melted before a full small cup could be filled . You will expend more energy than it is worth . I do n't suggest buying this toy . I gave the toy a 2 star educational value since you can discuss how sno-cone makers work by showing your child each component of the toy .
 the crank on spongebob falls of all the time i would recomond something that dose n't fall apart while doing it
 When I received the SpongeBob Squarepants Sno-Cone Maker for my last birthday , I was pretty excited , because not only was I going to get to enjoy unlimited snow cones whenever I chose to , I also was going to get to earn a little side money by opening up my own snow cone stand.Things went well at first ; since I opened in February , the traffic was light and I was able to meet the demands of the thirsty public . However , as the weather heated up , the flaws in the SpongeBob Sno-Cone Maker 's design began to be more evident - the endless cranking required to produce just one snow cone means that it 's very hard work to satisfy a long line of shaved-ice seekers . By mid-July , I was forced to close down the stand , with low profits and a hefty case of carpal tunnel syndrome.But while I might have gone too far , I ca n't say anything bad about the product . Except for that crank . Oh , and I do n't like SpongeBob .
 My daughter , who just turned six , received this for her bd . We -LRB- meaning me rather than her -RRB- have used it once and I 'd be happy to quietly get rid of it and never use it again . We put ice cubes in , first of all , which took ages to grind up -LRB- Mom did all the work -RRB- . So then we put in `` crushed ice '' from the freezer , and that took slightly less time to grind . Still , from start to finish , it took I do n't know how long to make one sno-cone . I doubt we 'll be using this sno-cone maker ever again -- it 's just not worth the effort . =
 My 3 kids like playing with this however it is too much work for parents . My 12 year old ca n't even work it . By the time I finish making a cup of this stuff the rest are complaining it is taking too long for them to get a cup . Not to mention it takes alot of elbow grease to even work it . I would rather take them to the 7-11 to get a slushie or crush up ice in the blender . I suggest this item only if you NEED an upper body work out and headaches from your kids .
 My 4 year old got this for a birthday gift . Cute , but she could n't work it , so I had to . It is very tiring ; you will have to crank for quite awhile to make one snowcone . If you have several kids you will go crazy tring to make them snocones . I ended up throwing ours away b/c it was such a hassle . My daughter never noticed . FYI - there are only a couple of paper cups in the box , and only a small amount of `` flavoring '' , so you will have to make or buy more .
 For my four year old 's birthday I bought him the sponge bob sno cone maker . I was happy with the durability but not a good sno cone maker . You crank and crank for a litle bit of ice powder . I suggest getting an electric sno cone maker .
 Bottom line , this version of the Epyon kit was ok for it 's time ... because no other version was available , but with the recent resurgence in interest in Gundam Wing and it 's model kits , Bandai is releasing a Hajime Katoki refresh of the Gundam Wing and Endless Waltz MS designs in the form of brand new MG 1/100 kits . The latest to be announced at the 2011 Shizuoka Hobby Show is the new Ver Ka Gundam Epyon MG 1/100 kit.So basically skip this one and wait for the Ver Ka kit to come out because it will be far better and a more fun build .
 Please be aware that Soldier Bear brand toys are made for distribution through military stores . The purchase for re-sale constitutes black marketing , and is punishable by law . If you purchase a `` factory sealed '' Soldier Bear toy , you are supporting black marketing . Also , remember to check Soldier Bear toys for re-call . Many were made in China , and re-called for lead-based paint .
 My son loves this toy . It 's sturdy and portable . I think that over -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks is too much money though .
 Our 6 month old was not interested in this AT ALL . He was much more impressed with a rubber duck than this toy . Maybe when he 's older , he might get more enjoyment out of it , but in the meantime , it 's sitting in a basket . Now he LOVES theMunchkin Star Fountain -LRB- in blue -RRB- .
 I purchased this for use in the pool . It does n't swim well unless you first pick it up out of the water to let the water drain out of the tail . I was disappointed . My 8 month old got bored of it really quickly .
 This toy looked cool on the photograph , I was excited to get it . But there is a fault in design , the toy does n't swim.It moves it 's tail , yes , but nothing happens ! It ca n't swim straight and only makes slow jerks.My daughter is about 1 year old and is a very curious baby , she does n't care for the toy at all . Waste of money .
 The lobster winds up very easy . Seems to go crazy out of the water , but in the water is too heavy or unevenly proportioned . It also leaked and took on water . Was really hoping for a great bath toy .
 I can not comment on the actual functioning of this toy because I have n't gotten it to work yet . First of all , you ca n't even assemble the unit until you are able to establish a good connection between the unit and the PC . All documentation is in the PC Program and you ca n't access it until it successfully detects the unit plugged into the PC . Secondly this thing does not use USB like the rest of the modern world . It uses serial ports . I had nightmare flashbacks of reliving my DOS days trying to coax my PC to detect it . To date I still have n't managed to get it to connect and I 've followed all the directions in the two paragraphs devoted to connection problems in the readme file . I tried the website but they have nothing on connectivity . I called Support and after navigating 5 layers down in the phones menus it told me that no operators were available and promptly disconnected me . It did this 4 times in a row.So , it might well be a nice toy but if you have ANY connectivity problems then you are dead in the water . It seems to me that if the entire functionality of the product depended on it 's connectivity that they would make a greater effort -LRB- any effort -RRB- to assist in this area .
 If this is an official NBA game ball then I 'm confused . Years ago , I had a NBA leather ball , and this is not even close to being similar . Okay , granted if it takes time to break-in , I was n't inclined to be patient because it also had a erratic bounce . Two fellow ex-college hoop friends that I play with also encouraged me to return for refund as there opinion was also negative .
 i 've always wanted to have an nba game ball , so after seeing the price they had for one here i had to get one . but i seem to feel disappointed . If you see this ball at the store it feels hard slick like great leather . but to my surprise this ball did n't feel like that at all . I guess it is because it the limited edition classic ball , and Spalding used the rest of the leather that was left good , or bad to produce these . the ball feels like the pebbles are big , the patina feels cheap.It seems like the breaking in process would still not help it that much . If you get the balls that they used now that have the new design but still made of leather you can totally tell how different they are . Well I wont play with it , but i guess ill keep it for aesthetic value since its a limited edition classic ball , but i wish it was good enough to play with , guess i have to shell out $ 99 for something worth playing with .
 I 'm sure it 's a great ball but it takes ages to actually break in one of these . Spalding told me it takes 9 months to break one in and I 'm starting to believe them . There are other balls that are a much better value than this ball .
 My youngest son is an avid Bob the Builder fan and that was the gift theme for him last Christmas . We bought this and the chainsaw set and they were both a waste of money . This particular set falls apart easily and folding it up to put away is near impossible . Nothing aligns properly and the spare pieces fall out the entire time your trying to wrestle it shut.The die cast vehicles are too heavy to use with this toy and after attemping to play with it a few times , our kids gave up . The track snaps togther well , but that it the only part of this product that was useable .
 I wish there were reviews on this toy two month ago . My son and his friends love this toys , but it is too easily break apart . It is cheaply made , and definetily waste of my money .
 I just had to add my review ! ... I want to make sure people know this toy is a piece of junk . Nothing about this stays together ! I 'm annoyed with putting it all back together . It will soon go to never never toyland . This is probably one of the worst toys my kids have ever gotten . My daughter is 4 and she ca n't even get the toy to stay together . It 's just ridiculous ! Meanwhile , my poor 2yr old son just cries because he wants lofty to go over the bridge but the bridge wo n't even stay up ! ... gggggrrrr Oh and finally i put one star only because zero was not an option .
 I agree with the complaints already written about the toy falling apart easily . Also , the sounds are really annoying and they get set off very easily . I was just about to make the batteries `` die '' when three of the screws became loose and we had to take the toy away until we could fix it . We looked everywhere for a screwdriver w / a triangle shape to tighten them back into place , but have n't been able to find one . Although my son has been asking frequently if the toolbox is fixed , he really has been having as much fun just using the diecast vehicles by themselves .
 This product is awful , it wo n't stay together and is very frustrating to both myself and my three year old . What a disappointment .
 My son recieved this for his 3rd birthday . We could n't get it to stay together the first time we used it . When you finally get it all closed up to carry and put away it falls apart again . We are so disappointed with this . Do n't the manufacture 's try these things first ?
 My son got this for his birthday and just loved it , until it began to fall apart . He would get frustrated with it every time he went to play with it , so he eventually stopped . It 's too bad , because it 's a great idea for a toy . I had read the other reviews but thought they were probably exaggerating . They were n't . I ended up throwing it away because it eventually did n't stay together at all .
 I totally agree with the above poster . My son loves this toy , but the pieces are always falling apart -LRB- it is a toolbox shape that opens and folds back up -RRB- The hinged pieces are always coming apart . I have stopped bothering to put it together to put it away . It is a very annoying toy because of this . They could have totally improved the design on this toy and I would have given it a good rating . I would n't recommend it until the manufacturer decides to put money and thought into the design . I find it to be a cheap piece of junk that did n't have to be .
 My kids are very gentle with their toys and it still constantly falls apart . Just opening up the tool box will cause parts to fall off their hinges . The road pieces that are included do not stay together . Not much fun when your kids are constantly asking you to put it back together . Complete waste of money and total piece of junk .
 Even Bob 's many building talents could not deal with this problem . We could not be more disappointed . Like the previous reviews say , it falls apart constantly . You can not play with one area without having your child ask you to fix some other part that has just collapsed or does n't fit properly . This was a waste of money . I expected better given that the actual character vehicles are a lot hardier and can withstand alot more play .
 My 2-year-old received this for his birthday ... what a huge disappointment to him . Looks fun , but nothing stays together long enough to play with it . One piece gets put on , another falls off . I was going to return it but with so many loose pieces , we lost a few before being able to take it back . Manufacturers should not put junk like this out there , disappointing kids and taking people 's money .
 This toy has inspired me to write my first review . If I could have rated this a `` 0 '' I would have done so . It 's absolutely horrible . Learning Curve should be ashamed of the extrememly poor workmanship on this toy . What makes it all the more frustrating is that my grandson loves the concept and wants to play with the toy - but even at 5 years of age he is unable to manage all of the problems . For goodness sakes , Bob himself could n't handle this project ! Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . Also , as noted in an earlier review - the chainsaw deal has all the same problems so do n't buy it either . Very disappointing .
 Plastic toolbox , falls apart real easily , ca n't even pick it up in one piece.Son still likes to play with it though .
 I could n't agree more about this product . It 's appalling how badly made it is . The concept is very cute - a toolbox that unfolds into bridges and roads for the small die-cast vehicles . My 2.5 year-old has a hard enough time dealing with frustration without this toy adding to it ! The bridge on the right does n't properly attach or stay up and the road pieces do not attach properly . It 's also a battle to get the tool box to connect together . My son always wants to play with it , but I ca n't cope with his cries of frustration when it all falls apart . I think this toy will have to mysteriously `` disappear '' one night while he is sleeping . They should withdraw this rubbish from the market and refund us all our money !!
 I 'm looking at the price listed for this booster pack and it shows $ 249.99 ? That ca n't be right . It 's only $ 19.99 on the hasbro site .
 I thought the Booster Box was supposed to have all new questions . In fact , it advertises just that . When I received the booster box and started playing , we realized this was just another set of cards from the original game . Advertising very misleading and I would n't waste my money .
 I purchased this bed for my granddaughter for Christmas and was dismayed when the ` musical ' mobile did not work at all . I have been waiting for 3 months now for either amazon.com or toys ' r us to replace this with one which works . I feel like I 've let my grandchild down as I promised I would get one which works for her . But so far , no luck . I see that another customer here has had the same experience , so beware of this possibly defective toy and the problems trying to get it resolved . Save yourself the frustration .
 My 6 year old asked Santa Claus for this bed and Santa delivered via Amazon.com . When we received the bed before Christmas we assembled the bed only to find that the mobile was a dud . We are still waiting -LRB- 30 days later -RRB- for a replacement . It is not worth the money - look for another bed that works .
 I bought the frog habitat before doing any real research into frog keeping , and now I feel I wasted money and I would have deprived my daughter of an actual learning experience had I continued to use it . I ordered a `` free '' tadpole -LRB- with a $ 7 shipping/handling fee -RRB- . It came about four weeks later by mail . I put it in the habitat following the directions and it lasted maybe 4 hours . They promptly sent a replacement which lived slightly longer . HEARTBREAKING for my daughter . I 've since learned that the kind of tadpole they send is notoriously difficult to care for at that age . I later bought the same kind of tadpole , but much older , at a local store and have it in a conventional aquarium with a filter and aeration . Boy , is that sucker hardy compared to what they sent!I have put the frog enclosure away . I may use it for crickets or something . The kind of tadpole they send is leopard frog . Leopard frogs are jumpers . Based on my research , the habitat is really too small for this kind of frog . I have since built a terrarium with my daughter that I plan to house the current tad in when it reaches the frog stage . It has nice green plants and dirt and rocks . In short , it is a much more appropriate home for a frog . We had a lot of fun building it and we got to talk about the environment and how things depend on each other . Much more educational and it 's prettier to look at.Also , this thing leaks if you get any water between the plastic layers , which is very easy to do when you fill it .
 This thing looks like a great idea , but there are fundamental design flaws . My 7 year daughter waited for the full 10 weeks to receive her `` free '' tadpole -LRB- $ 6 shipping and handling -RRB- , and , on day one , we found it had jumped out of the water , and ended up between the plastic layers and died . She was so bumbed . So , we then purchased a firebelly frog , which eats crickets . The crickets are now doing the same thing , jumping to the edges , and falling between plastic layers . We 're going to replace this thing with a regular 10 gallon tank.I do admit , the frog looks darn cute in this habitat , but for practicality , it 's just not going to work .
 My 6 year old twins have wanted this bug/frog habitat since the first day they saw it . We decided it would make a fun and eductional birthday gift and summer project . Having ordered ladybugs and ants by mail before , we decided to go to our `` local pet store '' . The instructions make it sound as if any pet store would have a leopard frog tadpole and this is not the case . Finding one at an exotic pet store , we bought one and have enjoyed it for about 2 weeks . One night , `` Polly '' jumped out and got stuck between the habitat and the cover . The boys were crushed . In addition to our questioning how a full sized leopard frog would be content living in this habitat , the full extent of what we were getting into was a surprise as well . The frog feeding and life expectancy require more research than indicated . Our habitat also `` leaked '' if you got water between the insert and base .
 Me and my two girls bought this at Target this summer . It is hard plastic around , and a softer plastic where you have the water for the frogs , it is hard to change the water by your self , you have to be two , becouse the plastic where the water is is so soft . when the frogs are a little bit older , and trie to climb on to land , there is a chanse they never make it , becouse there is a gap betweene where the water is and where the dry land is , and if they get between there , they will never come up -LRB- they should have made the hole thing in one big piece ! -RRB- , becouse you cant lift the land up , withoute distroy the habita . and the poore little frogs that comes beetween are just lying there dying , and then it starts to smell ... , and the kids are upset ... And there is a lot of holes in the bottom , so when my girls are loking at the frogs , and they move the habita a bit , sometimes some water comes out on the table where it stands , so be carefoul you do n't distroy youre table , like we did.I could not recomend you to buy this product , it looks qute , and it is a nice idea , but it is not practicall !! -LRB- sorry for the bad english i am using , but I am working on that ;-RRB- -RRB- If you really want a habita for frogs , look at this to
 We had problems with this habitat from the moment we started using it . It is flimsy , leaky , and it has a major design flaw -- there is a gap between the plastic cover and the fake `` terrain '' the frog is supposed to crawl on . Initially this was just an inconvenience as the crickets we fed the frog fell in the gap . Then one morning my son was crushed to find his beloved frog , Hot Sauce , had fallen in the gap and was literally smashed flat . If you want to raise a frog , visit a pet or reptile store and buy an actual aquarium or terrarium -- do n't risk letting your kids make a grim discovery .
 My son was given this product as a gift for christmas . He was so excited at the prospect of growing a small creature to an adult and keeping it/caring for it . I have seven fish tanks of my own with several different aquatic species , so thought this would be a good `` beginning '' experience for him . I was wrong.Immediately I saw major flaws with the container itself
 This was horrible . The brochure recommends a tree frog as one type of frog to get - this habitat is horribly small and the crickets escaped between the plastic and case . Our frog died in 4 days . Can you say RIP OFF ?!!?!?
 This rocking fish arrived dirty & ripped . When I called to return , I was giving the run around and a hard time . Do n't waste your time with this vendor .
 There is nothing about this puzzle that is pleasing . I 'm going to try and return it , even though I know it is going to be a hassle to do . The numbers felt like they were going to fall out of the puzzle and yet , when you tried to manipulate the metal blocks they would hang up on each other . In addition the size of the puzzle was an utter disappointment and pictures showing on the web are deceiving . I have a plastic puzzle that came out of a cracker-jack box that is bigger and better working than this piece of garbage .
 I bought this for my six year old . In the first minute , it got stuck and she was unable to move it . She gave it to me . I fixed it by pressing hard and that 's when I noticed a pinch in my thumb . That was coming from the sharp metal edge from the back . At that moment , I decided to put it away . Unsafe for children . Do not move smoothly . Terrible product .
 I had one of these as a kid . This toy was cheaply made . I was dissatisfied with the quality of the product . The numbers are hard tomove around due to the poor quality .
 What a disappointment ! When I played with this puzzle in my youth -LRB- yes , I admit , it was over 55 years ago -RRB- , I remember hours of fun as I easily moved the tiles quickly to match the speed of my brain . However , the puzzle I bought for my grandchildren last month seemed defective because the tiles kept getting stuck on their track , thereby making movement slow and difficult . The kids and I were totally frustrated . I thought it was a defect in that particular puzzle so I bought the same puzzle from another bookstore ; however , the same problem existed . I am so surprised at the positive reviews for this particular company 's game . Yes , the red case is very nice , but I would have preferred that the company spend the extra bucks on a quality puzzle .
 this is a piece of garbage , you can not slide the pieces easy , and it is made poorly . I will never buy from them again .
 I was so excited to give my dad a new game to play so he could quit his obsession with Freecell ... he opened it up and seemed intrigued only to find that 1 -RRB- there was no instruction booklet and 2 -RRB- there are two 4 's and NO 6 !! Trying to figure out how to get a refund/new and functioning game .
 This is a total piece of junk ! The numbers just pop out when you try to move them . These used to be well made and would last a long time . Not this piece of plastic ... very disappointed .
 This is one of the worst children 's games I ever played . There are caterpillars to move around , but they do n't really go anywhere , and it 's so simple that even my 3 year old is completely bored with it . Buy any other game but this one !
 If I could give this game lower than one star I would . The game comes with a spinner that has the numbers 1-4 and then a moon . Every 4 spaces on the game board you have to stop . The moon is a lose a turn space . So there 's a lot of spinning and not much counting because the players are constantly stopping . Some spaces you have to feed your caterpillar a certain type of food -LRB- fruit , picnic food , etc -RRB- . At that point you spin to see how much food to give your caterpillar . This is confusing for kids because the spinner now is used for something other than movement . Near the end of the game you have to wait on a space until you spin a moon . Frustrating.Terrible game design - game designer tried to follow the plot of the book way too much , and as a result anything educational is lost.Save your money on this one .
 Do n't bother with this game ! I 'm a pre-school teacher who bought this game for my class of 3-5 yr . olds as we are doing `` A Very Hungry Caterpillar '' unit . While I understand what the game creator was trying to cover -LRB- number recognition and counting , one-to-one correspondence , matching , the butterfly life cycle -RRB- , the game itself is poorly thought out . Way too much stopping and waiting -LRB- it can take forever to spin a moon ... -RRB- which makes the game boring and frustrating for kids . In addition , the caterpillar playing pieces are small cardboard boxes , which easily rip when inserting the tabs in place to make them . I had to tape two of the playing pieces before one game was even played ! Not worth your money ...
 We got this for my daughter when she was 4 . It is terrible and incredibly boring and pointless . The pieces are not sturdy at all , made completely of cardboard . There is really no point to the game , it is redundant and not even fun for a 4 or 5 year old . A big disappointment , especially being named after such a great kids book !
 Worst ever ! Goes flat after 2 days . Called customer service for return , they tell us they are sending another replacement and do n't give us the option to return it . Guess what ? That goes flat 2 days after we get it . Called service again and get no response this time when I want to return the 2 pieces of flat useless rubber.Never got my money back . Worst customer service !
 This ball has not held up under playground play . It may be fine for home use , but after two weeks of 4-square play , at 15 minutes a day , it began going flat . Kids loved the size , but it wo n't hold up through even 15 min of play now .
 Thought it would be like the playground balls we had as a kid . Pumped it up to the specified pressure on the ball and it bulged and then popped . Very disappointed in the product .
 Item came defective . We infated the ball , only to see that the seam was coming apart . Used the ball for about an hour and it popped . There was no button to contact the seller to even ask to ship another one . DO NOT BUY .
 I 'm always skeptical about other reviews because many times people do n't take the time to read the instructions or have unrealistic expectations . Well , I read the instructions and properly inflated the ball just below the recommended pounds per square inch of air pressure . I even let it remain this way indoors without kicking it for a couple of days.My expectation was that the ball would be round - it was not . I now have an egg shaped ball I need to return . I would not suggest buying this brand .
 I had ordered this ball as my son previously had one and it is an ideal bouncing one for a 4 y old.The ball received was an old discolored ball that was not even the color that I had ordered . Crappy product or end of line that has been on the shelves for years apparently
 Bought this for a kickball league . After the first game the ball became egg shaped and unusable . I picked up a new ball -LRB- different brand -RRB- at sports authority for less money that seems to be holding up better . Oh well ...
 I play a lot of dodgeball and we tend to use these balls a lot . I purchased this one for myself so I could practice more on my own and the first day I used it the thing popped . It did n't even pop on a throw , it rolled into the grass and bumped the fence and all you could hear was `` tssssssssss '' . Maybe I got unlucky but it definitely makes me leery of buying another .
 I was disappointed to receive the balls flat ! Opening on Christmas morning was a dud . It does n't say it in the description nor is it reflected in the picture .
 I was disappointed that this ball came flat . I should have been told that I need to go buy a football pump to be able to inflate it before it could be used .
 Got this as a gift for my 4-year-old daughter . Boring game . Lots of parts to lose . Worst are the 6 little rubber balls -- lose even one , and the game is landfill.Attempts to teach children to count to 3 , to identify primary colors , and to identify some basic shapes -LRB- triangle , square , circle -RRB- . However , the rules are too complicated for any child who is young enough not to know these things.How this game ever won an award for anything is beyond my comprehension .
 It 's fun and educational , but too simple . They match cards to pictures on board , such as shapes , colors and numbers -LRB- up to 4 -RRB- . Unfortunately , it is not challanging enough . My 4 year old was board with it after playing twice and my six year even more . And , honestly , as a parent most of my kids ' games bore me , but this was the worst !
 My 4 year old received this for Christmas . This game is too easy for him and has n't taught him anything new . The age range for the game is given as 3-6 but if your child already knows blue , red , yellow , green , can recognize A , B , C , knows a circle , square , and triangle , and can count up to 4 objects then the game will teach your child nothing new . I would say the age range is better from 2-3 .5 . It is too bad that Cranium does n't make and additional set of cards that have more numbers and letters on it . I guess I can make my own but for $ $ it should be included .
 It looks like a neat toy , and is fun to use , but it becomes boring after a short time , even for young children . There is no strategy , and no brain power involved . With a little thought , the game makers could have made this a game that would keep kids and parents interested longer . An o.k. first game for 3 year olds , but I would n't waste money on it . A much better choice
 I was excited to play this game with my 3.5 year old daughter after reading all the stellar reviews . I have to say I 'm a bit disappointed . I think the concept is great , and my daughter loves playing with the balls and opening the doors with the key , but I think it could have come with additional cards to vary the game up a bit . I do n't think it even has enough cards to cover all the letters in the alphabet . I flipped the cards over and tried the `` advanced '' version , but we conquered that in 1 night . I just expected more from this game . Overall , I think there are better learning games out there for the age range .
 I bought this game because I heard it won so many educational awards , but actually , it is a boring game . It was fun for the first few plays then was set aside . I e-mailed Cranium to see if there were any different cards for the game board , maybe to shake things up a little . They told me they were making more but I have not seen a thing . Several months ago they e-mailed me and asked if we would like to be on a `` preview board '' for new cards , I responded but they have never replied . Save your money .
 My four year old received this toy as a birthday gift but he already knew his numbers , basic numbers and shapes so it did n't sustain his interest . My 18 month old on the other hand loves the key and enjoys trying to find the balls underneath the various doors.I think there are much better toys on the market for 4 year olds .
 I believe this game 's good reviews and awards are a result of the Cranium namebrand rather than on the merits of this particular game . Our 41/2 - and 3-year-olds played this for about three rounds before they lost interest in the `` concept '' of the game , and basically just wanted to play with the `` treasure balls . '' Even the `` advanced '' play was easy for the children , and , really , how exciting is opening the same treasure chest with the same chintzy purple jewel over and over and over again anyway ? The one good thing that I do have to say about the game is that it is not competitive but rather team work-oriented , but overall it was a waste of money . Cranium could have done better for its preschool gamers .
 This tutu should not even have been released to sell . It is a piece of junk . Other reviews say it would be for a 3 year old or younger but it will not even fit a two year old ! My daughter is two and average sized , so on her the body is too short and the straps are too long . It does not even cover her chest and then you have the wonderful tutu part that sticks straight up , maybe this part was meant to cover the chest area ! Then you bring out the slippers that are included , which are way too big for a two year old . Basically , I would not recommend this item for any child , no matter the age !
 The size for this item is said to be for child 3-10 . When I received this item the tag clearly read size4-6 . My child is average size for 7 years old . She could not have worn this 2 years ago . The item needs to be clearly posted with the actual size . My daughter was very disappointed when she saw how small it was . So much for dress-up !!!!!!!
 My Grandaughter was in tears ! She loved the video and wanted to wear the tutu ! She is a size 4 and this was made so small that the skirt ended up in her armpits ! She was so sad when I had to return it ! I will never buy from this company again unless they rethink their design and the feelings of the children that receive it for a Christmas present !
 Did not even come close to what we expected . Looked good but was an awful fit .
 I bought this for my 6 year old because the age states up to 8 years old . The size is only for a 2-4 year old . I was extremely disappointed -LRB- as was she -RRB- because this was a Christmas present and she could not wear it .
 My daughter got the bella dancerella dance studio and tutu and slippers . The tutu is absolutely ridiculous ! It was either sewn wrong or packaged wrong so the tutu sticks straight up ! We have tried everything to fix it and it will not lay down . It is poorly made and very disappointing for my 4 yo who wants to dance like the ballerinas on the video ... and she is a small 4 yo and the bodice is under her breast line . No way it will fit an older kid . They need to revamp this product if they are going to market it . I am disgusted that you put this on shelves . I should have spent the money on a real ballet set for her !
 It fit my 3 year old okay , but probably wo n't last much longer . The skirt does stick straight up . I think they sewed them upside down . We also have to return it ... The straps for over the shoulder are n't very durable . After a child puts it on and off a few times , I could see them tearing easily . Do n't waste your money . I wish I read the reviews before I bought it .
 The fact that the sizing is wrong on the item made for a very upset child on Christmas morning !!!!!!!!!!!!!! What was this company thinking !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also , my daughter has used the ballet studio once and has never asked to watch the dvd again ! Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!
 VERY DISSAPOINTED ! They should be available in different sizes . And the tutu sticks stright up . My children , especially my 6 yr old was very upset that she could not fit in it . My 3 yr old hardly fits in it well , but wishes to wear it anyway .
 I wish my husband had read the reviews before he bought this for our 5 year old . It 's too small and the tutu sticks straight up in the air . She still wears it , but it looks ridiculous . For the price , you would think it would fit and lay correctly ! She , fortunately , got another ballerina costume from Target made by Xhiliration that DOES fit .
 This needs to come in sizes . It 's too small for my daughter and I 'm not happy . The package says 3-8 years , so it should fit . Do n't waste your money .
 My daughter received a `` costume '' to wear that had the bella dancerella trademark on it . Sadly , it does not fit . It would fit her younger sister easily , which is understandable since she is three , and still wears 2T clothing . However the packaging says `` 3-8 years of age . '' I think , at least , there should be a more narrow age range on the package since that is what my mother based her decision to buy the costume on . My six year old is quite skinny -LRB- her pants fall off all the time -RRB- because she eats like a bird . Its not as if she 's abnormal in size for her age . There just wasnt enough length in the bodice of the tutu and the slippers were way too small . It isnt a big deal to us , as she has more than her fair share of tutus and ballerina costumes that do fit . It was more of a disappointment and thought it would be helpful to another parent to realize the costume is designed to fit a 3-4 year old . Otherwise , the materials and quality are similar to other dress-up clothes -LRB- which dont last either , usually -RRB- so I dont take issue with that . Mostly that it is way too small .
 This does n't even fit my three year old ... Beware the dress is probably only appropriate for 2T . It 's so small the skirt sticks straight up into my poor daughters armpits , who is totally disappointed.Save your money ! Not worth it !
 this tutu sticks straight up in the air , and does not cover my daughter 's chest . worst ballet dress i have ever seen , and a total waste of money .
 My daughter turned four last month and is tall and skinny -LRB- 40 inches tall , 37 pounds -RRB- . The top of the outfit falls about an inch below her nipples . Yikes !!! Luckily we had a pink leotard already so she is allowed to wear the tutu with the leotard . The tutu stuck straight up in the back for a day or two , but has since given in to gravity and looks a bit better now . The shoes fit pretty well -- she wears a 9 or 91/2 to give you an idea . They look like they will fit for another year but I doubt the tutu will still fit after a few months once she grows any taller . I agree with the other reviewers ... for the price , there should be a huge recall on this .
 My friends 51/2 year old daughter was so bored that after watching the DVD the first time , she asked if we could take it back to the store . It shows you nothing about ballet , it 's very boring , do not waste your money on this item .
 My daughter was 13 weeks early . She is very tiny for her age . She 's 4 years old now , I bought it for her when she was 3 . It was too small then and is way too small now . The only reason we keep it around is because her 2 year old brother likes to wear it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 My daughter is 4 yrs . old and received the tutu -LRB- sz . 4-6 -RRB- and the VHS version of the Bella Dancerella Home Ballet Studio from an aunt for Christmas . She was so excited , until we tried on the tutu and it showed the whole front side of her chest and the tutu stuck straight up ! Not only that , the VHS tape was completely distorted and you could n't hear most of it or understand what the girl was saying . This is a horrible product and should be taken off the market !
 My 5 yr . old daughter loves anything ballet . The DVD is great , she picked up on the movements in only a couple of days but the tutu is so small . She is very thin but tall but the age range says to age 8 so we figured it would work for her . No ! She really wants to keep the thing but the tutu sticks straight up in the air . I have never seen a tutu like that . The company needs to rethink their design , it 's like we are supposed to use these on dolls . If you have a one year old maybe it would be worth buying then .
 We bought this for our granddaughter and she was so diappointed because it did n't fit . It was way too small ! Obviously the person who designed it had no idea of children 's sizes . The tutu was so small that the skirt part stuck way up under her arms . It should have come in different sizes .
 This this is tiny My daugter is 3 and it does n't fit her lucky I have a 12m old that can use it . The tape to the video for is horrible you ca n't hear it is all static Do n't buy it
 Like the other reviewers , we purchased 2 of these for our daughters - 4 and 2 years old . It is even too small for my tiny , 23 pound 2 year-old !!!! What a rip off . When they put them on , the tutu skirt points directly upwards under their armpits and thir chests hang out above the top . They will be extremely upset when I have to return them as they were gifts from Santa Claus . The sizes DEFINATELY have to be redesigned . Great idea , poor product -LRB- Unless , of course , someone thinks their 1 year-old would appreciate a tutu ! -RRB-
 I agree with the other reviews - the size on this is wrong . The description states that this is for a 3-10 year old . My daughter is only 5 and is small for her age and this thing is way too small for her . She was so upset when she went to put it on last night to practice along with her DVD . Do not buy this unless your child is 3 or under .
 This outfit is terrible . My daughter was so excited when it came in the mail . We immediatley opened it and she put it on . The tutu stood straight up . I cant beleive they would even have this THING on the market . Its terrible ! Whats worse , my daughter had to take it off and put it back in the box for a return .
 The tutu is size 4-6 . NOT !! My daughter is 5 and wears a size 5 . You would think she could use this item . Wrong . It looks like it barely fits a 3 year old . So unless your child is 3 or younger ... do n't bother . Save your self the hassle of all the crying and whining and trying to explain why the tutu is to small .
 I agree with all the reviews on the small size and poor quality of the tutu . My 4-year old wears a size 4T and is definitely too big for this item which supposedly `` fits size 4-6 . '' The `` top '' of the tutu hit well below chest level and the skirt stuck straight up in air . My daughter took it right off and said it looked ridiculous . She also complained that the netting was terribly itchy . I will also try to contact the manufacturer but not sure I even want to spend another dime on this one .
 My petite 4 yr old daughter received the tutu as a Christmas gift and LOVED it ... until she tried it on . We laughed so hard that we embarrased her so . It was SO tight on her and the tutu itself stuck straight up in the air . I tried to exchange it at the store and found that they had no larger sizes , she was in tears ! After reading some of the reviews , I am going to try contacting the company directly also . I would advise you to only purchase this for small girls under the age of 3 . It is a very darling costume and my daughter is very anxious to get a new one that fits !!!
 My 3 yr old daughter LOVED her tutu , but it fit weird ! She is a peanut , but the tutu exposed her chest , -LRB- it is very low cut -RRB- , and the tutu part stuck straight up in the air , while her tushy was exposed a bit from the bottom . I let her wear it at home , then I packed it away in her memory chest ! Cute idea , but the fit needs to be worked on .
 You have got to be kidding . What junk for the price . My daughter LOVES the Bella Dancerella DVD , so I purchased this set to go along with it so she would look just like the girls on the show . It is not made well at all . The shoulder straps are worthless and it is made for at best a 2 year old size . Unless you child wears a 2T or maybe a 3T it will never fit .
 This tutu says it is for 3-8 year olds . Well , it is extremely small . Is probably a 2T . Will fit most three year olds but no older/bigger children .
 The material of the Tutu is VERY rough and scratchy . My daughter can not wear it at all . The size also states for ages 2 - 4 and my daughter is a small 3 year old and the tutu is tight . Not the greatest - you could buy a real tutu for less money .
 It is crumby . It came with eight normal gimick-less 4 '' rings . There were also no directions . When I opened the package , one ring was already broken and another broke within 5 minutes of me trying to figure the trick out . You would get the same results from any other rings this of this size and shape . Nothing . I am not a first timer at these magic items so it is not like I do n't know what to expect . I have also seen this trick performed an umpteenth amount of times . I obviously have n't figured out how the magicians do the trick , but I definitely know the desired result . Basically , I was extremely disappointed . This is the second `` Adam 's '' brand trick I have received and so far they are both bummers . I would rate all of the categories 0 , but that was not an option .
 I bought this for a friend 's daughter for Christmas . We opened it together and immediately started putting it together , using the instructions . It worked for about 5 seconds then got stuck and stopped working . Never worked again and I tried everything to fix it . Waste of money and I had to return it . Do n't waste your money , seriously . I would never buy this again .
 My daughter got this for Christmas last year . It worked okay at first but then the string got stuck and the beads jammed . It makes a lot of noise . It 's much easier to string the beads yourself .
 I purchaded this toy for my seven year old daughter for Christmas . She tried making a bracelet once and has never used it since then . It is very difficult to use . The beads constantly get stuck and it is very frustrating tying the string . I definetely do not recommend this toy .
 I picked this up at a brick and motar Target a few days ago - this thing is really laughable . It really does n't matter what you do or how you do it as long as the paddles are moving it responds as if it was a great shot . It only takes 30 seconds to realize that leasurly swinging the paddle will actually work better than any form of skill that you may have at the real game . Do n't expect anything like the Wii - it is a joke . The graphics are decent for a plug in game . The sound is horrible - the `` voice acting '' consists of someone with limited english ability saying `` Cool ! '' or `` Church is over '' -LRB- not sure what they trying to say -RRB- . Not worth the price even it was less than $ 10 .
 I ordered this hermit crab for a young child . I was very disappointed it was not plush rather made out of some kind of hard plastic ... I do not know if someone pulled the wrong item in a large warehouse or just that it was described very wrong . This is not for a young child , it would make a better hammer .
 This appears to be a nice student microscope but arrived without at least three screws that hold the head onto the rest of the microscope . Not especially happy with this for 99 dollars .
 This review is n't for the microscope but for the seller Shopzeus . I wanted to purchase this microscope for my son for Christmas so I placed an order and waited for a response . After two weeks the seller had not confirmed the order , nor had they replied to a follow up e-mail I sent about the purchase . I ended up having to go with a different microscope from another vendor with a steeper shipping charge since Christmas was so near . Thanks for nothing Shopzeus .
 I would love to review the microscope , but since I 've never seen it delivered , unfortunately I ca n't . Like other purchasers , we placed the order for the microscope with Amazon on December 5th . Our expected delivery date from Shopzeus was supposed to be between December 12th and the 17th . When I did n't receive the product , I called Shopzeus on the 15th to inquire about the package 's whereabouts . I had already emailed Shopzeus and still have never received a response . The rep I called on the 15th could not give me any information about an expected delivery time , because Shopzeus used the USPS as its carrier . On the 18th I called again and was told to call back the next day , if I did n't receive my order . I called back on the 19th ; Shopzeus ' only response was to give me a refund , without trying to ship another microscope . The rep claimed that clearly the package was lost , but that they had `` shipped out 200 of the microscopes and that -LSB- I -RSB- was the only one complaining . '' Based on the reviews I 've read , this is not an uncommon problem with Shopzeus . Now we are scrambling to find a microscope by Christmas , since this was our son 's most-wanted gift .
 I had the same problem with ShopZeus as another reviewer . We were disappointed in the microscope . It is technically a fine microscope but after you look at the 5 sample slides , what then ? There is nothing that can be used to make more slides , you 'd have to buy that separately . I hit a dead end trying to return it . There needs to be a number provided by ShopZeus before you can return anything . I emailed asking for this number and never heard back . Amazon replied promptly to my help request and refunded the money but asked that I return the item to ShopZeus . I could n't find an address for the company on their website , Amazon 's website or the box . What a pain . Take a look at Eye-Clops . It was a great hit .
 This is made of very cheap plastic , the magnified eye scope is a cheap piece of plastic , as I screwed it in , it could n't hold and fell off the unit . It has very short attachment teeth about 3mm in length . Now how can that handle a child pressure . It came off and broke before I could use it .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The microscope is metal which I like however it arrived unusable . I ca n't comment on the optics because I ca n't see anything through the lens -- very disapointing . Amazon on the other hand is great , they are already sending me a replacement . I hope that this was a fluke and that I will be satisfied with the replacement .
 I bought this for my 8 year old grandson . The first day was a success . The second day it totally fell apart ! It really has no selection of magnification and I feel it was a ripoff . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 The product was easy to make however the moving pieces are easy to break than the product explains .
 My daughter was given this scooter as a birthday gift . At first it seemed really great , sturdy and all . A few days later the piece that adjusts the height on the handlebar broke off !! A few days after that another piece broke off ! She did not get hurt , but could of got hurt . we are just concerned that it may happen to another child . Be very aware ! And once again what happened to all the `` old fashioned '' quality made toys ? Everything made lately seems like JUNK !!!!
 I got this scooter , for my birthday.When I was riding it the piece that adjusts the handlebar broke off ! I did not get hurt.I am worried that maybe this might happen to someone else . and they may get hurt!Today another piece broke off . My mom said `` I can not ride it anymore '' . And I am getting a new razor scooter over the weekend . Thats a different brand ! Before it broke , it was alot of fun .
 This was a Christmas present for my 5 year old daughter that immediatly broke . This would be a great toy if the dolls lasted longer than 5 minutes . All the dolls lost limbs while being dressed . Not happy at all ; especially for the price .
 I got 3 sets from this company - the upper case letters , the lower case letter and the numbers . I could n't wait for my granddaughter to play with them . She put the letters on the magnetic board and they slid right down . Unbelievable . These are supposed to be `` magnetic '' letters and numbers , right ? Seems to me that the most important part of that would be for the letters to actually be MAGNETIC ! Forget it . Once in a while a few of them will stick , but then they start to tilt or slip down a bit and of course , as I said , some of them just plain slide right to the bottom and do n't stick at all . Very disappointing . I was excited to get them because the size of the letters and numbers is so nice and big - but , trust me , they do not work . The magnets are not strong enough .
 It is very difficult to tell which bears are which -LRB- size-wise -RRB- with this game . Add to that no way to keep track of which bears have been called . Not what you would expect from Learning Resources.It got some stars because my 2 year old liked the bears and enjoyed putting them on the correct color on all 4 of the boards . Otherwise , this would have not have received any stars from me .
 I purchased this product for my kindergarten class specifically because it was listed as `` 4 Jumbo Sized Card Games . '' I was quite disappointed in the size of the cards . They are NOT jumbo by any means . In fact , they measure approximately 2-3/4 x 3-1/2 . I would NOT have purchased these if I had known how tiny they were .
 The only good thing about these cards is the tin case for holding them . The original description had said ` large ' cards when in fact they are smaller and MUCH thinner than traditional playing cards . -LRB- Thankfully the description has been changed since we purchased them . -RRB- The pictures and colors are hard to decipher for some of the games -LRB- Daddy is color blind and cant play at all without help from Mama or the children -RRB- and the shapes are not easy shapes for children to tell.The concept of this set is great and the variety of games could be fun -LRB- instructions are included -RRB- but in our household with children ranging from 15 down to 1 , the weak , small cards were the biggest problem .
 These cards are not designed for younger children who do not read to use . Ok for 7 yr old , but 5 yr old could n't figute out how to play because he does n't read yet
 I was so excited for these cards & to play Go Fish and Old Maid with my 4 year old . When I got the box , I was SO surprised at how SMALL the decks of cards are . I mean , waaaaay smaller than a regular deck of cards . How is this Jumbo ??? It is not easy for little kids , who are just learning to play card games to keep hold of tiny cards -LRB- and I do mean tiny -RRB- . The tin box is ok , but they do n't fit in the box nicely at all . you have to pile them on top of each other , so they slide around - why make the box so big when the cards are so small ?? Returned for a better item !
 False advertising ! The card decks do not have jumbo sized cards ! They are small cards and only good for older children ! RIP OFF
 I bought this card game set thinking that it would be durable since it 's marketed specifically for kids , but found it disappointing . The cards are made from cheap , flimsy cardboard . I was expecting the cards to be coated or even thicker to stand up to little ones . I would say the quality is equal to cards purchased at the dollar store .
 I was looking forward to getting this for my young son , especially for the `` War '' card game . Well , guess what ? The tin includes `` Crazy Eights '' , `` Old Maid '' , and TWO sets of `` Go Fish '' . Go figure . To whomever gets the set with two `` War '' games , hit me up .
 BEWARE these cards are not JUMBO size they are regular sized cards , if not a little smaller !!!! The tin it came in is Jumbo but the cards are not ! Not even the print is large ! The quality of card is not even impressive . However , The tin is actually nicer than the set .
 My four-year-old loves playing Go Fish over and over since getting these cards.Unfortunately the cards are pretty thin and she bends them very easily.Plus the cards in the Crazy Eights pack are all directions - there are no actual game cards in the pack so we ca n't play that one at all .
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old granddaughter . She complained that it smelled . I could n't imagine what she was talking about , but then when I tried it myself , it does have a funny odor . Also , the ball shaped foam beads are very hard to get the string through . I am very disappointed with this product .
 Learning Resources Fruit & Vegetable Play Food Basket , Set of 13I was very dissapointed in this toy . . So unreal.The texture and Color were so off.Where were the common fruits ... Orange , Apple Etc. . . They were not fun.I would return but it is too big a hassle ... Never again
 Within the last month or so , I have ordered many of the Learning Resources Play Food Sets -LRB- Breakfast , Healthy Snack , Lunch , Dinner , Bread Basket and Fruits and Vegetables -RRB- . I was completely disappointed when this one showed up . The quality was not up to the same standards as the others . The paint jobs were shoddy . Both the meatballs and sauce and the fried rice look like piles of vomit . The taco shell was very dark . What pizza has yellow sauce ??? It looks like something that should be sold in a dollar store . Very unhappy .
 The paint job is horrible , especially the pizza slice . There is an orange color spot on the crust and it is definitely not part of the color scheme . Overall , it is difficult to guess what the food is and the asking price is WAY too expensive . It is cheaply made and the painting job is amazingly sloppy . It reminds me of dog toys but uglier . I usually loves what Learning resources makes and it is not my first play food set , but I definitely NOT recommend this set . Save yourself some money and buy something else .
 Bought it for my son , age 8 . He hated it . It falls apart , was hard to put together and does not stay together.My son Really hated it .
 My son just received two of these as Christmas presents - Hawkblade and Battle Scorch . On both of them , we were very disappointed to discover that the left arms either would not attach to the shoulder , or in the other case , had a very weak magnetic attraction , and could not support the weight of the entire arm . I will be contacting Megabloks in the morning and hope to get this resolved . It 's a huge bummer for my son who was n't able to fully play with the very first toy he received this holiday season .
 It 's been over a month now and I have no idea where my product is ! I am SO disappointed ! I will NEVER order from this place again . I needed this before school started and that did n't happen . Thanks so much for NOTHING ! You did n't waste any time at all taking my money though ! I guess I will keep waiting ...
 This item contains MANY small pieces . The item description says it includes a reusable storage pouch . It does not ! Indeed , the activity card that comes as part of it , says it included a vinyl storage pouch . There is nothing for holding all the pieces other than the magnet boards , and the board that is meant for holding all the word magnets while you use the Word Wall Board is not big enough to hold all the magnets . The item may hold up for a single tutor using it for a single child , but this is not school quality . I would not recommend it for school use . I purchased this and the Word Families set and am disappointed that both came without a storage bag as described .
 Do n't have it , was shopping online for rocking horses and found it somewhere else for 30 dollars less !!! DO YOUR COMPARING before buying .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this item for my 2 year old . As others have discovered , the ramp fell apart IMMEDIATELY !!!! It looks nice , but is n't actually much fun to play with - there is nothing connecting the levels other than the clunky elevator , which makes it difficult to access the vehicles .
 These are cute dog tags which I purchased for my son . He liked them and was able to keep track of them for about 1 day and then lost interest .
 Beautiful product , easy to assemble and drive the gates good , however the move ends with the train causing derailment . Not recommend
 Arms bounce up and down the whole time the train is passing . They SHOULD stay down . Not very sturdy , either . Parts keep falling off . Danger of getting lost.Addendum
 this is my review for the `` bachmann e-z track crossing gate '' . no offense to the creators but this isnt a very good product . here are some reasons :1
 this looks great but is a piece of junk , the only reason it got a 1 is amazon does n't allow negative numbers.one gate works one does n't . it falls apart , recommend buying a different one i would n't pay > $ 1 .
 You do n't say what gauge . Everything I ordered was N gauge You sent me HO . What do I do . ? I need one compatible with the track I orderedI got this for my son Alex , Autism Spectrum Disorder . It 's a great way for us to interact . Parents need to find ways to reach their ASD children and engage them . It 's given us some very desirable quality time . So this fine toy is a wonderful opportunity for me to teach and mutually enjoy .
 We have a Bachmann HO train and track , this piece just does not fit the track if you have an E Z fit track system .
 I was expecting a better constructed piece . Signal lights do n't stay straigh and are loose . The crossing based glued crooked .
 My 8 year old grandson wants throw it out even if it is from Santa . The crossings do not fit securely in their slots & the gates do not stay up . The product is cheap & flimsy . Unfortunately I 've misplaced the purchase document or I would return it . Oh well , live & learn .
 On the back of this product it states that it has a chemical in it known to the state of California to cause cancer . I would n't have purchased it if I had know this . It cost half the price of the product to ship it back to Amazon so it was hardly worth it .
 Warning
 not painted well , tiny even though right gauge , very cheap looking figures.iI would not recommend these figurines . Painting or whatever looks terrible
 I thought this toy would be great when I bought it , and it turned out to be a real dissapointment . Greatly built , the sound quality is very staticy . It 100 % stinks for in the dark battles because the blades only light up when it makes contact with another object . My first toy lightsaber I ever bought was the Hasbro Luke Skywalker lightsaber and it was great ! the sound system sounded real , and it lit up all the time . And when it made contact with another saber , you heard the familier chrash . When I bought this lightsaber , I thought it would be similer to that one . I 'm not trying to dis Hasbro or anything -LRB- I love the Hasbro toy company ! -RRB- , but this was definately not one of their better creations .
 The on/off buttons as well as the reset button are fully exposed on the handle of this toy making it impossible to use without accidentally turning it on and off all the time . I had to make some rubber guards to protect the buttons from being accidentally hit so the toy would stay on as long as it was being played with . My kids were completely disgusted with this toy until I fixed it . If you buy one be ready to fix it .
 This is a decent kit . Price is low , but unfortunately the quality is not too great especially when you compare to other kit makers such as Faller or Vollmer . Plastic coloring is not realistic , pieces do n't always fit together or function well , and `` stained glass '' windows do not look good . Granted , you ca n't complain too much because of the cheap price , but I would likely not buy again .
 very bad electronics , horn sounds like a buzzing alarm clock !! not recomended !!! Look on you tube you 'll see !!!
 This unit sounds like a buzzer that you buy for a door bell ; none of the options resemble a train sound .
 This tank did NOT have the Shell decal neither shell logo nor name on it . Not even a decal was provided in the flimsy box . Furthermore , the top half is separage from the bottom half and the activation button as well as the wiring for a power source -LRB- not included either -RRB- had not exit from inside the tank ... you 'd have to drill a hole on the bottom edge for pass-thru x 2 !!!! Extremely awkward , non-functional and worst of all , the horn sounds and the adjustment range do NOT even come close to the real sounds of either diesel nor steam engines ... a simple train whistle functions a thousand time more realistically as well as a thousand times cheaper !!!! Total rip off ... DO NOT BUY !!!
 This is supposed to be HO Scale but it appears way too small - seems like it would be appropriate for N Scale . All of the pictures show a Shell logo and the words Shell , but mine arrived with no logo or words . The supposed diesel horn sound is a joke . Do n't buy this . I 'm sending it back .
 This was a Xmas gift for my daughter when she was 5 years old . We were all looking forward to playing with it , and it was on her wish list . You can imagine how very disappointed we were when we found the product does not work as expected . The parts are very colorful but when you set up the Oogly Googly monster , either his arms would continuously fall off or some other part of his body . It was a HUGE disappointment and especially for my daughter when we told her we would have to return it since it does not work as advertised . Simply put , another piece of overpriced junk .
 I bought this product for my 5 year old for Christmas -LRB- instead of a legos -RRB- . He really loves to follow instructions and build build build , and I thought the motorized aspect would be cool . It was very frustrating when we could not figure out why oogly dancing guy would not move , cord keeps winding around him etc. . Then we built the pooch , not detailed enough instructions and the final product did not move cohesively . Poor product for the price .
 What child -LRB- or adult , for that matter -RRB- would n't love to have all this stuff to work on ? Well , it 's a great idea , but the materials provided are unnecessarily shoddy and limiting.Another reviewer had a similar experience . Has the price of paper gone up so high that they ca n't afford to use decent paper to print out the pictures to color ? And , why so FEW crayons ? Customers would rather pay a little more and get something that is USABLE.Big box , questionable quality of contents but LOTS of frustration for the recipient ! MEGA FRUSTRATION for the gift-giver , as I was hoping to enjoy showing the fun of creativity .
 This Busy Pull Thomas ' cars do not stay together because the links are too short . So the kid pulls and the cars come apart and he looses interest after several times trying to make it work . Other Thomas toys by this manufacturere are also disappointing
 The tray was flimsy and could only accomodate 4 players . We have as many as 7 or 8 that wish to play .
 BEWARE -- THIS GAME DID NOT COME WITH A TURNTABLE AS ADVERTISED ! It comes with a very cheap plastic stand that holds the chips . Nevertheless it says
 Totally disappointed in this `` toy '' , already sent it back . I expected it to be a full size tripoli board and not a minature for a 2 year old . I was so thrilled to find it on the web site and then totally uphappy with the whole thing . I even had bought 2 extras for family members . We are now still using our full size plastic game boards that are years and years old . We have to put tape on the bottom of a few of the `` bowls '' because we have worn them through over the years . I also have one game with the plactic `` sheet '' that is totally worthless . Whether you use pennies , as we do , or chips , you need space to put them in and this new `` toy '' I bought , you could do neither . I will be looking around for a different manufacturer . Do NOT recommend this to anyone .
 Purchased this game to play with friends . Tray is really cheap and does n't fit together properly . Great game but I would n't recommend this version .
 I have played tripoley for several years , but never owned a game of my own . My friends have older games that are of much better quality than the one I purchased . The pockets on this are way too small - it does not spin in place , you must turn the whole game piece , and the quality of the plastic just does n't match up to the older versions of the game . I was very disappointed . I have not been able to find a better version anywhere - if I could , the one I purchased would definitely be retired .
 The set has a decent enough board that you have to put together , but the cards are difficult to shuffle or deal and the chips are very cheap-feeling . At least the instructions are quite adequate , but that 's not why you 're spending this much .
 the discription talks about a lazy susan , which this product did not come with . I feel the game is good for a max . of 4 people on a small card table . If you have more then 4 people playing the chip holders are going to be to small and the board is also on the small size . The manufacturer did not give much thought to the design and should not be calling it a diamond edition .
 My husband and I love to play Tripoley and we play often with friends and neighbors . It 's three fun games in one and we laugh and have a great time playing it . When we bought the Diamond Edition we did n't realize that it was a small , plastic container that 's incredibly inconvenient to manage . Tripoley is most fun when you have6 or more players . It would be a real challenge to get six people around this game to collect their chips , etc. . We ordered the old felt green board and are back in business . It 's much , much better to reach and navigate . We rate Tripoley with five stars , but this edition gets two stars .
 I love this game and purchased this one because it said it was on a turntable . It 's not . It 's made out of the cheapest plastic that would no doubt be damaged after one use . Imaginea plastic disposible cup ... Needless to say , I returned it and will most likely pay the extra money for a really nice version because the game itself , Tripoley , is great . I played it before on my brothers sturdy 1980s version .
 Length :
 The old ones are better this is cheap plastic crap . I would have returned it but it was n't worth the money to ship it back . Ended up finding an old felt board on ebay .
 I have played this game for 40 years , starting as a child with the family . While I LOVE the game this version was a huge disappointment . The layout of the plastic trays is very confusing as opposed to the mat version where it is easy to see the chips in each catagory . I would not recommend this to anyone who has n't played before . I am going to purchase the regular game with a mat .
 NOT worth the money . The board is just painted pressed cardboard . Ours came all chipped and splitting down the sides . It is cheap and flimsy and sags in the middle , even with the legs properly set . For the price , this set is a rip-off and wo n't last one season . Save your money and buy a real plywood set with real corn bags -LRB- and not tiny plastic beads -RRB- .
 too bad i had to give this product one full star . it 's not even THAT good.we purchased this for a graduation party and unfortunately did not have time to return it and purchase something better . the game was damaged when it arrived . the guys repaired as best they could , but during the TWO HOURS use we got out of it the boards completely fell apart ! worst amazon purchase ever . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 You know , The bottom line is they just do n't make things the way they used to.i spent $ 100 on this and it lasted a total of 1 minutes.a kid ran up to it and fell towards it and the thing literally just cracked apart.the reason you ask ? really cheap wood , really cheap construction , screws with very little space to grab the wood and a terrible design.Do yourself a favor , get a piece of woodcut a circular hold in that 's 5 inchesset a brick or other device in the back to create the lift .
 I bought this for a BBQ , and within 10 , yes 10 minutes , the entire thing fell apart . First the board split down the side , fixed that with duct tape.Then the plastic covering the whole broke off on one of them . Then the middle part of the OTHER board collapsed . This is from regular playing , nothing special.It literally is cardboard pasted onto cardboard.Legitimately the worst product I have ever purchased in my entire life . I never write reviews on things I buy but I have to warn people about this piece of garbage.DO NOT BUY
 After 30 minutes of play the plastic rings around both holes fell off . I recommend buying Baggo instead . Chuck-O is a cheap piece of c __ p !
 Do not buy this if you are an adult who like playing bags , repeat do not buy this if you enjoy bags . After only about 20 minutes it was clear how cheaply this is made . The construction seems solid enough with it 's weight , but when you unfold it and `` chuck '' a few bean bags you 'll see it quickly fall apart before your eyes . The center hole has a plastic ring that is secured by tiny screws and the support legs in the middle are attached by little more than staples . The design shows promise but they need to add better materials to make this a solid item .
 constructed of particle board and no screws or nails . Just barely glued together . Ours fell apart during the first game . This is going back . Build one yourself . Save your money and frustration .
 This set lasted less than two hours -LRB- of extremely moderate and typical use -RRB- before it was completely dismantled . The frame is held together with a terrible glue-job and the hardware is completely unstable . DO NOT PURCHASE . Now I have to deal with returning as defective and fronting the shipping cost for a fairly heavy item and file for reimbursement . Thanks , Chuck-O . It was a wonderfully frustrating two hours we spent together .
 It looked fun . Dice ? Pegs ? Cards ? Sheets of rules ? A spiritual guide ??? IT WAS N'T . What would Jesus do ? He 'd use it as a sled or a yoga mat or a plate on sloppy joe 's night or light it on fire or literally ANYTHING that one could think of besides the rules listed in this `` game '' .
 This item was not at all what is seems to be . The box was the only durable part of the toy . I unfortuantely purchased 3 of these as Christmas gifts for 3 different boys ages 5 & 6 years old . After seeing them open and what was in the box , I was very disappointed .
 This item stinks ! One of the hat tricks does n't work right and most of the other tricks are so lame that both my four year old and six year old think it 's stupid . There is always one Christmas toy that makes its way to the trash ... and this is the one . Even if they used it I 'm sure it would make it 's way to the trash as the hat insert and some of the cardboard props dent and rip very easily .
 I was dissapointed with this loupe . It is just a cheap Chinese rip off of other types I have used for years . It is usable but the lens rattles in side the frame . I wish I paid more for a better one .
 We purchased a Bachmann train set for my son this Christmas and quickly decided to expand his track to add a little complexity . The idea of having an electric turnout track seemed sound . Unfortunately the Bachmann remote turnout may cause consistent derailment if not set up with a leading straight track . The train -LRB- specifically medium to long wheelbase -RRB- needs to come in pretty straight in order to make the turn on the turnout . Still , after making the layout adjustment to remove any curves before the right turnout -LRB- after is fine -RRB- much of my stock seems to derail anyway.One nice thing about the switch is the it does not derail straight path traffic when left in the turnout position so you do n't always have to switch it back right away like the manual turnouts . I 'd also like to add that having turnouts and sidings really adds a lot to a train layout . You go from simply running around in circles to actually having to maneuver engines and rolling stock . Parking cars and switching adds a whole new and much more complex dimension.So , if you want an electric turnout and can lead the turnout with a straight , look elsewhere . I regret the purchase and would return it if I could .
 This item has the wrong picture . The picture is of rerailer with terminal . I ordered the curved track to complete a figure 8 with a 30 degree crossing . The problem is that the item number # 44501 is just a 4 pack of 18 '' diameter curved track . The items description is correct , but I think most of us rely on the picture to be accurate .
 This is a minimal add-on kit that assumes the purchaser already has an 18 '' radius track on which to add . The diagrams on the box are misleading if one assumes that one can build any of the track layouts without any previous 18 '' radius track layout . Generally , I really like Bachmann products . The nickel-silver E-Z track concept is unequalled . The ad should clearly indicate that this is an add-on if the prospective buyer already has a compatible 18 '' radius set up . I understand what `` expander '' implies . It is not readily apparent , however , that one needs to have already purchased a few hundred dollars in 18 * radius track .
 I mistakenly ordered this thinking it was the second BIBLE arc trivia . The seller -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- very graciously allowed me to return it for the BIBLE version -LRB- Version 1 -RRB- . I bought the Game Wave console believing it came with the BIBLE version game but it did not . My family played the original Arc Trivia game on Christmas day , only to find questions and videos of material we were not interested in or found even to be offensive . After purchasing the BIBLE version of Arc Trivia from -LSB- ... -RSB- , we found it to be very enjoyable and informative . Would be a great game to play at a youth group meeting or small group fun night .
 Bought these tracks when I purchased a train set . The tracks took forever to ship , then when they did arrive , imagine the disappointment on my son 's face when they did n't fit the track from the train , although the description said they would . Would not recommend .
 I would have rather spent more and received a sturdier piece . The box it comes in is WAY cooler than the robot . One arm was broken . Pass this one up .
 I got this item for my husband as a silly Christmas gift because he likes Gort . He liked it and it stands on our shelf unit with the Devo Doll he bought last year . It is more for amusement than actually playing with .
 I thought this would be fun for my kids to play with , but it was such a huge disappointment . The voices all sound pretty much the same all the time . It is also extremely hard to understand anything that is spoken into this . Definitely save your money .
 It is a flimsy make . After a few stutters it just gave up . The issue is the contact in the on-off switch . Also embarrassed as it was a gift sent to Bangalore , India.Disappointing .
 I was hoping to buy a microphone to use for teaching . From the description of the product , I thought I can use this produce to help louder my voice in the class . However , this product twist my voice . ICANN mother it to teach Chinese class .
 Multi Voice Changer by Toysmith
 I have not receive it , I order it on 11/20/11 , about 15 day ago , where is my package ??? I send a few messages to manufacturer , but I did not get any response .
 The idea is cool but you can not hear what they are saying . Your mouth needs to be touching the toy in order for it to pick up your voice and it still comes out broken up . Not worth it .
 I bought this last year but did n't review it . It sounds neat but the one we received never worked , and could n't be fixed . Was n't worth the hassle to return .
 I was excited to buy this toy for my daughter and her dad was excited to check it out as well ; unfortunately , there just is n't much difference in the adjustments -- only about 3 different tones . Pretty disappointing .
 piece of junk . first one didnt work . replacement also didnt work ! i finally took the second one apart and fixed it . a very poor design for the trigger switch . the kids do like playing with it , but not sure how long it will last .
 I thought this would be a fun -LRB- and annoying -RRB- gadget to have a softball games . Unfortunately you ca n't understand a word being said . Sure it has 10 different sounds but each is just a different mumbled pitch . I 'm not even sure if a child would enjoy this for more than 5 minutes . Save your money , or better yet donate it to your favorite cause . This product is just a waste .
 The boys , ages 4 and 6 , loved it but it is basically just a megaphone and only has a slight voice change despite the option of 8 different voices . It 's not very durable and basically just amplifies their voices which is why they love to play with it . It was cheap so not THAT much of a disappointment .
 did not really work was more or less just loud . when u talked into it , your voice did not change
 It stopped working after one hour . I changed the battery , but apparently that was not the problem . The kid is 5 year old girl , she did not play rough with it .
 The only thing I liked at all about this , it came with a battery . It looks cool , but does not change voice at all .
 While a great concept , the voice changer really just sounds like a distorted radio . We did n't hear &#34; 10 different sounds , &#34; nor did the kids -LRB- or the adults ! -RRB- enjoy playing with this . It was used minimally to see how horrible it was , then put away in lieu of other toys .
 This toy worked for about 40 seconds . No kidding . It came out of the package . One person spoke through it and that was it ... new batteries did n't help .
 My son received this toy as a Christmas present and thought it was great ... he played with it about a week before it broke . We thought that it must need new batteries , but we put new ones in , and it does n't work . Overall , I 'd say this is a fun toy , but poorly made ! He was very disappointed .
 The `` multi voice changer '' does n't work . What I can hear sounds all the same . If you have to talk loud to get it to almost work , which then makes your voice louder than the changer . Disappointed in this purchase . I thohught it would be fun for my son to play with but it was a big flop .
 I ordered this for my Grandson and it didnt work . I changed the battery and again , not working . It did light up but when I spoke , nothing . I tried fooling around with the switches and again nothing . I packed up the item and called ups and sent the thing back . My Grandson was upset buy I told him that it did not work .
 this things does not change the voices . they all sound the same not even worth the time to return it . money lost.one word CHEAP .
 it was ok for small child gift , but the sounds did not really change the voice that much and was cheaply made
 My daughter HAD to have this toy ... so Santa did her due diligence and checked reviews online , found a good price on Amazon and secured this silly toy . It does n't work that well . The voices all sound about the same and you have to speak directly into it for it to work at all . My daughter has n't picked it up much since Christmas . Parents ? I 'd leave it . There has to be something comparable out there that actually works . Great idea , terrible execution . Pass this one .
 This product was dead on arrival . THought it might be the battery so I replaced it with a fresh one . Didn ; t work . Just to make sure , I tried a second brand new battery ... NOTHING . My son is very dissapointed because he saw it and wanted to play with it . Unless I hear back from the seller on this proving this is a one time fluke , you can pretty much count my rating for this as &#34; CRAP &#34; .
 It is not fun because you really ca n't hear the different sounds > It does ' t change your voice , you only listen a bad noise , the same for the ten choices .
 This toy is cheaply constructed and the voice change capacity is minimal , and the voice quality is terrible . It held my 6 year old niece 's attention for less than one minute .
 I was hoping this would give a clear sound but with many options of different voices . But when we tried we could not make out what is coming out of it . It was gibberish . My daughter seems to like it but it is just a noise maker in my view.That 's why I gave one star .
 When you press the button it makes loud , annoying noises . Many of them are very distorted . A couple of the noises actually do change ... slightly ... when you speak into the device but it sounds like noise , not a voice . I am generally pretty tolerant of such things -- I am actually quite a bit more into noise than most folks . I can get into a lot of stuff that would drive most folks up the wall . I can be mesmerized by some dishwashers and make and listen to some rather `` experimental '' music . This `` toy '' however is worse than junk -- it is definitely , actively bad .
 I would caution anyone buying this not to do it by Amazon and buy it out of a store , where you can test it first . I bought this as a gift , unfortunately , and out of the package it did n't work - the lights lit up but absoultely no change when speaking into it . I figured it was the batteries and tried to replace but same result . Then , I wondered if it was more complicated than I thought and googled YouTube videos , where I saw the one I got was obviously defective . For only $ 10 , it 's too much of a pain to ship back , this was a complete waste of money !
 Every voice distortion basically sounds the same - like low or high pitched annoying static . The words you say into it are not understandable . Your child might enjoy it for 5 minutes . Do n't waste your money .
 I was going to use this to have a little fun at an event I was hosting . Most of the sounds were the same . Got what I paid for ...
 This toy never worked from the time we got it . Feels very cheap as well . Your child will be disappointed .
 There is very little difference in the different settings and little to no amplification of voice . Maybe I got a bad one but it was just a bust .
 We got this as a gift for our 4 year old . The `` voices '' are hard to change and most of them sound the same . You have to keep the directions close to know what the changed voice is supposed to sound like . I really would n't recommend this to anyone . We were hoping for something fun for her to sing into . Should have just looked for a Mr. Mic !
 a voice produced is weak . they 'd better used a small recorder inside and made replay possible with various distorsions . it 's not worth it
 Very crude and not as advertised . Hardly notice changes between various settings . Although cheap to begin with , do n't waste your money .
 This does n't work , buttons imply that the voice will change but each time you switch the button , the same computerize voice is produced . Disappointing .
 Not good , it just sounds like a broken static feed and nothing more . It does not vary at all , kids did n't like .
 I think I wasted my money on this . Every setting sounds the same , which is not much differnt than your real voice .
 it was fun until it stopped working after 15 minutes , now it just flashes the lights , new battery did n't help and it was a gift so I ca n't return it .
 It kinda works , but I would not buy again or recommend.It probably cost $ 1 to make in China & should retail for $ 3 .
 This item is a little fun but overall it sucks.Most of the settings do n't really do anything
 Picked this out for a 6 year old who was having a birthday ... it broke one day after the party ... cute idea but poor quality ... pass on this one ...
 I have n't gotten any feedback yet as it was a CChristmas present but I tried it out before mailing it and was dissappointed .
 Totally not as advertised and not worth having to pay shipping twice , with a return.Bought this for a little more than some of the others and thinking it would be better . All the sounds are the same .
 My kids were SO excited and LOVED this toy ... until five minutes after they took it out of the box , it stopped working . No , it 's not the batteries ; the toy is clear and you can see that the trigger is not connecting to the metal spring inside that completes the circuit . Save your money . Buy the T-Pain Microphone instead . That thing is awesome , easy to use , records short snippets and plays back , and my 4 year old son throws it around like , well , like a 4 year old boy throws things , which is to say , A LOT.Note
 The clarity of the voice with this product is not very good . Most of the voice changing options are garbled sounds . Plus , you have to cup your hand around the mic in order to get enough volume out of it . And I expected the switches to give more dynamic options than they do . They change the voice very little . It was not worth the money I spent .
 While this toy does what it claims to do , the age is listed as for three year olds . I find that it is difficult to pull the trigger and the buttons on the side which change the sounds are hard for a child that age to get the sound he wants.I think it would be better for an older child .
 This toy arrived in time for Christmas 2011 . It came out of the package unworking . Since I had to cut the package with scissors in order to get the toy out , I am not sure if I can even return this item . Of course , I will try , but the toy itself is very cheaply made .
 This toy is a piece of junk . The battery attachment is defective . The voice changing buttons do n't work . The activation button gets stuck . Serious junk - save your cash or buy something else .
 This has a lot of potential to be fun . However , it broke the first time I pushed the on button .
 You ca n't make out ANY voice on here . Just sounds awful . Returning for refund . Junk ! I 've tried all the options . They ALL sound the same and done are squeaky .
 It worked fine for 4 to 5 uses . The design is very bad that if you press the trigger hard the contact might bend for good and the voice changer may never work . It broke the same day that we received it .
 I bought this toy for my nephew for Christmas in 2011 and up to now it never worked . I am all in the way in Trinidad and sending it back will cost me a lot . I am very disappointed my nephew was so sad . I wasted my money and I ca n't even get it back very frustrating .
 It 's pretty poorly made and the sounds it makes are distorted and awful . I bought it for my neice and she was less than thrilled .
 Bought this for Christmas for my daughter . After unpacking found this to be very cheaply made and has very bad quality of sound coming out even for a toy of this kind .
 beware - it 's a cool toy , but if buying for nieces and nephews , you may annoy the parents with this one
 This toy broke Christmas day after 10 minutes of use . Could n't get it going again . Please do n't waste your money !
 I had ordered three , two were broken when they got to me . I tried replacing the batteries , but they still did n't work.The one that was working was great though
 This is the most annoying toy on the face of the planet . A friend sent it as a Christmas gift for my children and now I am wondering if that person must secretly hate us . I also see that this is listed as a gag gift !!! Do NOT buy this toy unless you want to become highly irritated by your children . Of course , since it 's a loud , obnoxious toy , my kids love it . It is going directly to the donation bin , good riddance !
 I 'm trying to find a place to hide it ! It 's driving me crazy.It 's too loud . The kids scream in it .
 I guess i wasted my money on this one , should buy only the smaller ones , because do n't make all the voices as described.Disaponted .
 This sounded like a cool toy so I bought one for my son and one for my nephew . One of them stopped working within five minutes.The sounds are n't really changed much and it really just makes a bunch of annoying noise . There is n't much difference between the sound options at all and , if you talk into it , it just comes out as amplified noise.It is super annoying to buy something that is a crappy product and then have to pay almost as much to return it for refund as it costs . -LRB- $ 5 to send back , $ 7.99 to purchase -RRB- . I love to shop on Amazon and typically look at reviews , but a product testing system and return policy like Costco has would make for a better experience for everyone.If manufacturers have faith in their products , they should always include a return shipping tag for easy returns.This product is crappy and not worth more of my time to package and ship - the result would still be me tossing $ 3 in the garbage .
 Not sure if just my bad luck but this was broken out of the box . Because its made of clear plastic , it was easy to see the problem . The trigger was not making contact with a small metal pin inside the handle . I heated up a very small screw driver on the stove , burned a small hole through the handle and pushed the pin into proper possition . It works now but the voice modulation just isnt worth the price or trouble fixing .
 Stopped working after short period . It sounded good at first , but then became distorted and stopped working . Certainly not a battery issue .
 The voices all sounded the same , I thought it would be a big hit with the grand kids , but it was n't . .
 This product never worked , not a single sound . It was a very frustrating Christmas gift.I suggest a more effecient quality control , specially when products are sent abroad
 I bought this product because it came up under an `` elmo voice changer '' search . No elmo voice on this product . It is fun and the kids seem to enjoy it . Very low quality product . I do n't expect it will last another 2 weeks . Handle is loose and overall quality is bad . If you are looking for a short term fun toy and not too worried about throwing away $ 10 bucks , this will do .
 Bought it because it seemed like it 'd be great fun , but the starter `` trigger '' was already broken when I recieved it .
 It 's just too quiet . You hear your own voice over the toy 's . First thing I thought was that the 9-volt that came with it was dead . I tested it and it was fine . Changed it anyway and it made no difference . No volume control either . I would not recommend this at all .
 Did n't work right out of the box - save your money . Was really hoping this would be a great toy for my niece
 I bought this for my 9 year old . I tried all the different switches to change voices . They all sound the same . They just all sound like a distorted voice with a electronic/robotic sound . You ca n't even understand the words being spoken coming out the other end . The only reason why I have given it a 2 star instead of one is because my daughter enjoyed playing with it on Christmas , even though it does n't do what it is suppose to do .
 Bought this for grandson for Christmas . He used it once and with all the Christmas chaos going on we told him to turn it off . When he went to use it again it did n't work . We raced the 9 volt battery and it still did n't work . Am going to return it . Darn !
 WARNING &#62; &#62; &#62; I bought two of these for my Grandkids , neither one worked . I 've bought plenty from Amazon , but never had to return something . I read the return policy and that was a ripe off too . If the product has a defect or you find out it 's an inferior product and you want to return it then you have to pay for the return shipping . After knowing this I took them apart to see what was wrong . One had no attempt to solder one of the joints . The other unit trigger finger was so wobbly it would not allow the intended function to work , I maight be able to salvage one out the two , but I 'm not paying return postage for both and getting nothing in return . So Amazon has a few things to learn . There is no way to contact them , they are too big .
 I was hoping at first it just needed new batteries , but no . Although it looked okay , it was only clicking and not changing any voice on any settings . At first I thought this a shame until I notice that it did not have a volume control , so just as well the thing is broken , really . Saved me from quite a torment - but poor child it was meant to be a gift for on Christmas morning , eh ?
 Ordered three of these items , all three of them did not work . I shipped two of them out of state , and when the item did not work , they threw the item away . I have one item here , and now have to ship it back for a refund or replace . I do not know if it is a good product or not .
 I am sure that some parents with far more tolerance than me will think this is a fun toy . This toy is both annoying and pointless . My son had to have it but thankfully got bored with it quickly . It does everything as described , but after half an hour of listening to it you will want to make it disappear
 The first time I pulled the trigger to try to change my voice the hinge where the trigger is attached broke and it did n't work . Shoddy construction . Never really got to hear the voice effects .
 I have to agree with other reviewers who said this toy broke fast . We bought one for Christmas and as soon as it hit the ground it was done . It worked great until it was dropped . Great idea but no way to protect the circuits when dropped . I wo n't buy another one .
 The only voice that was different than my own was the robotic voice . You could n't tell the difference between my voice and all the others . Its description is very misleasing .
 It did n't work at all when it arrived and was much smaller than expected . I returned it immediately . Do n't waste your money .
 Very disappointed . Did not work out of box and had to buy new batteries . Worked for 1 minute and could not get it to work anymore . Would rate it a 0 if I could . Save your money and do n't buy this item !!
 We ordered this as a Christmas gift and it does n't work . The battery lights up the lights around the speaker but the product does nothing with the users voice .
 The kids like it but the first button is broken but it would cost more to send it back then it was worth so I just kept it . but the girls play with it so it 's ok
 Bought a few of these for the kids in my family . You can play around with them without taking them out of the package . I did n't expect premium sound quality and that turned out to be right on target . The real problem was that the trigger broke after 2 squeezes !! Needless to say they were immediately returned . Had high hopes .
 My son received this as a gift and it has NO VOLUME CONTROL . It is horribly loud . It became an outside only toy for that reason . The handle and battery compartment broke open after being dropped outside ONCE and rendered the toy dead . Thank goodness .
 Total piece of c $ % p. Sound quality was weak and tinny . Very little variation except for a few buttons . Seemed poorly made .
 I ordered this toy since it had great reviews . However , the voice is not loud at all . My real voice is still louder than the voice changer speaker . I even decided to change the battery , thinking maybe the battery was low . So I had to open the package . FAILED . : -LRB-
 I purchased this for my grandson . No matter what setting he put the voice recorder on , he sounded the same . I was very disappointed and did not want to take it from him to return it . It was very cheap plastic and I am sure as soon as they drop it , it will break . A waste of money !
 This just does n't work all that well . You have to talk pretty loudly into the microphone to make it work at all , but when you do your voice drowns out the `` changed '' voice coming out of the tinny sounding speaker on the other end . And it may have a lot of switches to play with , but no matter how many different settings you try it just does n't sound all that different . My five-year-old son who loves everything electronic played with this for a few minutes and then forgot all about it . It also takes a 9-volt battery , which is inconvenient when almost every other toy takes AA . I would n't buy it .
 I bought this thinking it would be great for a Scarecrow Halloween costume from the Batman 's Arkham Asylum video game.I was wrong . You think with 10 settings you could get something close , but NO.Why have five 2 position switches for a total of 64 different combinations with only 10 settings that sound more like 5 ; -LRB- loud , low pitch with static , low pitch with lame robot , high pitch with static , and high pitch with lame robot -RRB- . Sometimes more is less , and cheap is lame , and this is the case.Now I 'm going to test out a 3 voice - alien , robot , monster megaphone I 've bid on E-bay for to see if that works for my purpose .
 I ordered this toy for my 8 year old for Christmas because the reviews were really good . I personally did not think this was a fun toy and I actually wanted to `` lose '' it about thirty minutes after we started to play with it . All the settings sounded the same and they all had this high pitch tweaking sound in them . Maybe I got a bad one but this toy was not fun and even after trying and changing the batteries they all pretty much sounded the same , loud and pitchy sounding . Buy at your own risk and invest in some Tylenol !
 All the voices sound the same . Not a good gift , I think it was a waste of money . My 3 year old isnt even impressed .
 Not what I expected . But then again , the price should have indicated that to me . Bought it for a Halloween prank . all the sounds seem the same ...
 Need I say more ? I expected a novelty -- but -- this is nothing more than junk . Do Not Buy ...
 This product sounded like a fun toy for a child . However , it is made so cheaply that the on-off switch does n't work properly-it stays on all the time thus discharging the battery quickly . Do n't waste your money . Sue in Michigan
 I was very excited when I found this toy on Amazon last year for Christmas . I thought it would be a lot of fun for the whole family . At the time it was $ 20 and I thought it would be well worth it . When it arrived it seemed cheaply made . When my kids and I tried to talk in it you could not understands the words we were saying . We tried talking with it several inches from our mouths and you could mainly hear our regular voices . When we put our mouths closer all the words were muffled . Luckily I was able to return it which cost me $ 5 . I did see the Elf microphone by Hallmark the other day and it seemed to work better . Do n't waste your money on this voice changer and if you do want to try it out I would pick it up at a store where it is easier/cheaper to return if you do n't like it .
 This toy is an absolute piece of junk . It belongs at the dolaar store . You ca n't decipher anything that comes out of this voice changer . My kids played with it for all of 30 seconds and then discarded it on the floor . Save your money .
 The trigger broke on first use of this , leaving it in the `` on `` position and draining the battery ! Big disappointment ; get something more sturdy . If trigger had n't broken , would have been fun .
 For $ 10 what can I say , I do n't feel ripped off or anything . But this is entertaining for all of 5 minutes then you 'll just be annoyed you bought your kids this thing . Everything sounds bad on this , none of the effects are fun , it 's really pretty lame . Might make an ok stocking stuffer . Looks like more than $ 10 , but not really fun or entertaining at all . Imagine making a really obnoxious donkey noise like in Godfather 3 on the steps ... that 's kind of how everything sounds through this .
 Bought this for a foster child , so she 'd have athletic toys in the yard , and other kids would want to come play . It worked for those , and she loves to twirl and spin on it . I 'd say it 's great for building upper body strength , takes up a small area , and amuses children for 1-20 minutes at a whack -LRB- pretty good for today 's child ! -RRB- . PROBLEM
 Oh my gosh ... I ca n't believe I wasted money on this . Could have hung a sturdy stick on a rope and got the same effect . We have a wonderful tree to hang multiple swings from the branches , after our disk swing wore out I decided to replace it with something new ... the twizzler II . Kids literally grab hold , push off , spin themselves around a couple of times and are done . Buying a new disk swing to put back up.Look at the picture of kid in ad ... he 's just hanging there LOL
 We are very disappointed in this product we purchased last summer . We constantly have many kids and adults of all ages over to our house because of our swimming pool and I do n't think we have found one person who has done more than try it once then walk away . Also it is difficult to find the right size to hang it becasue of different sized people using it . Not recommended .
 Visiting children aged 5-11 enjoyed it in brief spurts the first summer , and it seemed worth the price . The next year a normal-sized seven-year old tried it , the plastic handle snapped in half , and he fell -- fortunately into deep bark we 'd placed below for safety . Granted , plastic will degrade in the sun , but should n't `` playground '' equipment hold up to the sun for more than a season ?
 The product I received is no longer just a rope . The rope is rather short , 51/2 feet and it 's set , no way to shorten or lengthen that I can figure and it comes pre-looped . I ca n't figure out how to get it on the tree . I thought perhaps you could take it through the handle and then thread it through the metal ring thing but it has a fixed plastic piece on both ends ... There 's absolutely no where in the manual that describes how to do this . It 's all about tying knots ... . which the manual actually says in another place that it `` now comes mostly assembled and eliminates the excess rope required to tie the knots which are no longer required for assembly and attachment '' . But then it goes on in the installation instructions to instruct you to `` tie slip proof knot as illustrated in figure 1 '' . So not helpful . The only way I can think is to slip the loop over the end of the branch and move it all the way back into place ... . REALLY ? I ca n't imagine that this is right ? And why exactly does the handle bar not come assembled ? It seems like maybe it 's not assembled because it has something to do with that fixed loop ... but I ca n't figure it out .
 The plastic handle comes in 2 pieces with the screws to put it together . It makes no sense why it could not come assembled . It is rubber banded together . We could never get the two pieces together tight with the screws . The two pieces slide just enough that it would pinch a hand that was holding it . We took out the screws and tried 3 different times to get it tighter . I am going to return it . It is a great idea though .
 We have had a number of people try to figure out how to get this swing on our apple tree.The instructions are not helpful at all . There is a loop that does not come apart to attach to a tree . So far it has remained in the box and teased every child that has seen it . We are all college graduates and it baffles us ! It looks like great fun and we are very disappointed that we do not know how to install it . Can anyone give suggestions?When it 's up I am sure it will be fantastic !
 This switch is nothing but trouble ... Tried everything and still the rolling stock derails when going through ... Appears to be a problem with the frog as its rails do not sit flush with the immovable rails ... Tried all the advice of model railroaders who have had the same problems and moved to another switch ... As will I. ... Save your money ...
 This product would be fine IF THE HEAD CAME ON IT ALREADY ! Yes i know you are supposed to put it in but it should be able to FIT ! The part of the head that connects it to the body broke of as we tried to put it on . All and all very disappointed with this buy . Not worth the $ 38 we paid
 I bought this for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas and the toy has to have it 's head put on!It wont fit ! It broke . There was no way it would go in the socket.The company ca n't even provide assembly instructions with it . You have to go on line to get them , and guess what?The page is missing!If your a collector , do n't open the packages.They should still function as toys . Very poor engineering .
 The toy took awhile to get to us then it was not packed in the package properly my son opened it and it 's head was broken off I wrote to the company it took 3 - 4 days for a responce and they said to send it back my son had waited and was so excited I drilled the hole out and fixed it the best I could . He did not want to wait a week more for the new one to come with no promise the next one would be better very dissapointed ...
 It was advertised as a Lear Jet 45 . It was not a 45 Model . It was an older model of Lear Jet . I needed the LJ 45 for a project .
 This is a very nice looking model , but it is much too long . It will not handle the curves that come as standard in Bachmann 's starter sets . It topples over on curves.Perhaps it would work better on a more professional layout .
 This product does n't work unless everyone is sitting around a table . If you have to sit at a table , you might as well use cards and chips .
 With in 15 minutes , one was broken . The trigger mechanism broke . The other pistol 's trigger is very hard to pull . Do n't waste your money .
 The wings and tail fin of the airplane come off almost as easy as if brushed with a feather . There are too many accessories that are not at all useful -LRB- ice cubes , eating utensils -RRB- and are hard to keep track of . I am not at all satisfied with the quality of this product
 Fortunally I bought this airplane second hand . Most of the pieces were there , except the ice cubes -LRB- I really did n't miss that -RRB- it was in good condition . My daughter played with it a couple of times and lost interest . The wings do fall off . I am glad that I did n't pay full price for it .
 I too was amazed at the stellar reviews on this toy . Please do yourself a favor and save your money . This toy could be a real disappointment . No sooner had I put it together for my daughter and she began playing with it , the wings fell off and Ken would not fit properly into the chair , that is when the chair actually stayed together ! Not to mention the small parts -LRB- ice cubes that come out of an ice maker in the stewardess ' area -RRB- that get lost easily and have no real purpose . My daughter begged me for this gift last Christmas and I searched and searched , but was not able to buy one until her birthday in February . Apparently , the stores could n't keep them on the shelves they were such hot sellers . Well , after her birthday was over and the toy proved to be a disappointment , I sent it back with my daughter 's blessing . She has never looked back ! So if this seems to be a `` must have '' for your daughter this year , please think twice and perhaps steer her toward something more durable . This toy is not worth the money or the time !
 All I have to say is WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK . This was the worst -LSB- money -RSB- I ever spent.Why did they even bother to supply wings with this toy ? they have yet to stay on for more than ten seconds.When my daughter tries to roll it along the floor the door keeps popping open.there are too many pieces inside the airplane unattached , the child gets very frustrated trying to put everything where its supposed to go , and it 's not easy ! This one gets a big thumbs down from me and all the kids that have played with it .
 I bought this for my 4 year old . She had never seen it , but I thought she would love it as she loves anything with Barbie on it . I did buy it second hand . Thank goodness . She played with it a few times before it landed in her closest . She has not once asked to play with it and it has been 6 months at least . The wings fall off and the seatbelts do n't work all that great . The little pieces rest somewhere in her room . Maybe for an older girl who can act out scene 's with their Barbies .
 there are too many little pieces to this product .
 It took 2 hours to put the stickers on . The wings fell off 4 times in 12 hours , the tail fell off 4 times , and it comes with at minimum 40 items a 1 year old could easily choke on . Our daughter who is 4 does play with it , but my dear lord I have to put it back together 7 times a day . The plastic parts that ` snap ' together , fall off all day long . buy something else .
 I am extremely disappointed with the quality of this product . It is NOTHING like the Barbie airplane I had in the 70 's . I 'd be repeating all the negative comments , so I will just say it is a great toy but is not designed for durability . Do n't manufacturer 's TEST their toys , because this should not have passed . My airplane was passed down to another generation -- this one will never make it .
 My daughter had to have this for her 4th b.d. . It falls apart , for instance the wings wo n't stay on and the door wo n't stay closed . I wish I had n't wasted my money on this . I ca n't believe a toy that cost that much made by Mattel could be such a hunk of junk .
 i had this toy when i was about 5 . i was very excited when i got it , but after that , i barely ever played w / it . then , i lost all the pieces -LRB- even the seats -RRB- . after that , it just sat inside my closet untouched . so , i dont recommend this toy for 4-year-olds and under , cuz its a choking hazard from all the little pieces . if u get this toy , then u should put all the little pieces in plastic bags , and make sure that all the bigger pieces always stay in the plane . it might be actually fun if u do that . so u can still buy it , just be careful w / all the pieces or u will regret that u did buy it .
 This airplane is horribly over priced . The wings never stayed on and we even tried super glue . The small pieces are such a nuisance . I threw the ice cubes away the first day because they kept spilling everywhere . I think they had a neat idea but it is a waiste of time and money . My girls have played with it maybe 5 times in the last year and everytime they spend the whole time yelling for me to come help them with it . There is not enough room for both barbies , let alone getting your hands in there to serve drinks . Parents , stick with furniture and the barbie cars , they are alot less expensive and will give your children alot more hours of enjoyment .
 This toy is a nightmare . It is poorly put together and falls into pieces with even the slightest bump . For example , if you bump it with your foot the wings -LRB- both body and tail -RRB- will fall off . The main door to the plane will not stay closed as it should . The numerous tiny parts are a mess and litter the play area . This is extra annoying when you have a younger sibbling crawling around looking for things to stick in their mouth . It 's also a pretty big toy . Even so , Barbie and Friends barely fit into the cabin . If you have tons of room and patience ... go for it . Otherwise go for a Barbie Car and live a happier life !
 This was a last minute purchase last year for Christmas for my daughter -LRB- 4 years old at the time -RRB- because she `` had to have it '' . I wish I had stuck to my guns and never bought it . All the other comments are so true -LRB- wings falling off , seats falling apart and the ice cubes please give me a break -RRB- , it 's nice to know I was n't the only one thinking those things . I was so disappointed in this product that I emailed Mattel but never heard back from them -LRB- wonder why ? -RRB- which was very discouraging considering what I had paid for it . I wish I had saved the box because that thing would have gone back the second day . Now a year later and she still has not played with it , maybe two times !!!! Please , before buying those `` Have to have '' toys , read the reviews . I know I will !!!!
 This toy is so easy to brake . The ice falls into the cracks in the airplane and the wings fall off and it 's to hard to get the wings back on . It should be called Barbie Brake Me Up Airplane . The ice is way to invisible . 1 year ago this toy broke and I have not played with this toy ever since . The stand so the barbies can stand up , is terible . Some Mattel product !
 I have to agree with the women that said all this toy does is fall apart . The wings never stay on and the plane is much too big and heavy for a child to lift . It is clunky and hard to store and I too have already given ours away ! It was a great idea but needed to be thought through .
 My 6 year old daughter received this airplane for Christmas . She was very excited to receive it but that did n't last long ! Never mind how long the airplane took to put together or how long it took to place stickers in the right place - the airplane simply does n't hold up ! The seats pop apart , the safety belts are too small for a childs hands to manipulate , the ICE idea is a disaster - it falls all over the place and jams into the seat tracks . There are too many small detailed parts -LRB- like silverware -RRB- which fall and disappear all over plane . The wings fall off and the suitcase has to be put in perfectly if it is going to fit in it 's storage space . To top it off , there was so much energy spent on the details of this plane that Mattel forgot to add room for the actual Barbies ! There is room for 3 but trying to fit them all in and still have room for pretend play is simply not going to happen !! After 2 weeks my daughter said `` everything falls everywhere '' and has n't touched it since . I had a Barbie aiplane as a child which was wondreful fun . This is a good example of `` if it is n't broken do n't fix it '' . I DO NOT recommend this toy for any child who would actually want to PLAY with it !
 This is the most poorly design toy I have ever seen . I called Mattel and they picked it up and refunded the money back to me . Our daughter could n't even play with it . The seats did n't stay on , the doors would n't stay closed , and the tail kept falling off . It 's horrendous ...
 I am so glad I bought this 2nd hand because as everyone else seems to state , the wings constantly fall off ! Thank goodness the ice was already long gone when we got it ! Even with all the faults though my daughter loves it . $ 8 well spent .
 WHEN I RECEIVED THESE PEOPLE , I DID NOT REALIZE THAT THEY WERE SO SMALL . I DO NOT HAVE A SET UP THAT WILL ACCOMADATE THESE FIGURINES . THEY ARE ABOUT 1/2 &#34; TALL . I WAS HOPING THAT THEY WOULD OF BEEN AT LEAST 1 &#34; TALL.I HAVE MS AND MY GRIP ON THINGS ARE NOT SO GOOD .
 I installed this remote right-hand switch in my layout and the after about a week I could no longer change directions using the remote switch provided . I think one of the coils of the electomagnet shorted out inside . It 's not like the switch had continuous duty I may run my layout maybe one to two hours a week . I am looking at retrofitting the coil of an atlas switch to fix the problem .
 My experiences showed me that the plane was not that user-friendly . The first time I tried to fly it , it crashed . The styrofoam around where the battery is located broke , the wheels fell off , as did the plastic parts connected to the wheels . I managed somehow -LRB- not perfectly -RRB- to fix these problems with scotch tape.In the third -LRB- last -RRB- time I tried to fly it , the remote control joystick handle got twisted loose , so I could not control the plane properly . It crashed into a very high tree , and despite my attempts -LRB- along with several friends and park rangers -RRB- to retrieve it , we could not get it down.In short , it 's very sensitive and I think it 's made of very cheep parts ...
 I bought this plane because of the large amount of positive feedback that it seems to get on the internet , but my experience with this plane has been nothing but bad.I bouht it new from a hobby shop her in Arizona for my birthday . When I got it home , it had really seemed as the box had already been opened , and the battery looked as if it had been used . I called the store and he just gave me one excuse after another and ended up talking me into calling Horizon Hobby , as the wall/DC charger was bad . I had to ship the battery and charger back , at my expense , and after a lengthy wait they finally arrived . I have never managed to actually fly this plane , it always wants to veer off to the right immediately after a hand launch and go directly to ground . I have checked everything , COL , COG , everything.Most recently , I noticed that the servo that controls the elevator has a jitter when it is turned on . I called Horizon Hobby again , got another of their semi-rude and disinterested employees on the phone , and this time he tells me that since I have had the plane out of the box and flown it , that it is not under warranty any longer . I asked him , so what you are telling me is that essentially there is no warranty on these planes , and he says that they work when they leave here , otherwise once you use it , its on you ; nice.Don ' t waste your time or money on this company and their products . They are cheap , they have no warranty to speak of , and when you call them for help , you just get an aggravating , time consuming run around .
 would work best if not played with . it comes with a string set to hang from the ceiling but we played with ours and it popped . bought it in sept 2011 , was in trash by thanksgiving 2011 .
 Not all of the countries are labeled . The ones that are labeled are hard to read . It will be hard for children to learn geography this way .
 Uninflates on its own very quickly . And just gets saggy :-LRB- I can never get it full . I just keep having to blow it up . It does n't have holes , it just deflates naturally .
 I put this globe on my Amazon wish list for my kid for Christmas , and we received it as a gift . We were excited , until we tried to blow it up . It had not one but * two * leaks , and one of the leaks someone had clearly tried to fix already . This was packaged as new , but the globe is useless . I still think it is a good idea and want my kid to be able to play with it , but we 're going to look elsewhere to buy it .
 A product that does not provide the World map correctly does not qualify to be sold as a globe . This Globe shows the Indian Map inaccurately . Request you to please remove this product till they fix this issue .
 It seems to be a nice globe on the Amazon picture but it is really bad quality.The air globe would deflate every 5 minutes . There was a hole on it -LRB- punctured -RRB- and if you touch you can feel the material is really bad , so I decided to ask for refund instead of replacement.It has a good size and the City/countries are correct though .
 If you only need an inflatable ball , then this would be fine . If you intend to use it to teach geography , then look elsewhere for a teaching tool . The seams on the globe are poorly aligned , causing some locations on the globe to get cut off , as well as giving the globe an awkward shape . Also , the lines of latitude do not line up well where the seams of the ball connect . I do n't recommend this Learning Resources globe as a `` learning resource . '' -- Addendum to previous review
 The surface has a lot of overlapped regions along the line connecting two neighboring pieces . So do n't expect to see a complete map or text captioning.It also can not hold the air for 10 minutes.I am very disappointed that Amazon is selling products which are worst than dollar stores ' stuff now.Totally waste of money and time.I am returning it .
 I might have got the wrong item , but no , it is the Learning Resources LER 2432 . All the City names are perfect , 5 Stars . But all country names are wrong , 0 Stars . How can I use it for teaching ? It looks even very different to the picture on amazon and on learning resources . The colours are different the shape is absoloutely different and the quality is not good at all , it is more an old tomato than a globe .
 The purpose of my purchase of this ball is to let my kid learn geography in a fun way . When I bought this , I was not expecting it to be too accurate . But after I received the product , I was shocked to see that the borders of various countries were -LRB- intentionally -RRB- misrepresented . The reference of the map is unknown and the borders are baised towards Chinese interests and their view of the world . I had to return this product as I do n't want my kid to be prejudiced towards certain geographical regions .
 We were all ready to blow up our new globe and spot where we live , where we would be going on vacation etc. . To my daughters huge disappoinment the moment we blew it up it started to loose air in several places . . VERY VERY NOT RECOMMENDABLE !!!!
 not worth it the price , made with cheap plastic fabric , rugby globe not round , so you ca n't see clear every country
 I bought this for my 1 year old daughter to play with . It 's a perfect size for her to throw around . But it had a hole right out of the bag . I tried to repair with tape but it still leaked air . I trashed it as the price was n't even worth returning . : -LRB-
 Got this product , it looked like decent size and neat globe , but the quality is too bad . It could not even withstand the air for like 20 minutes . I checked if the valve is tight enough , but still no luck .
 Not impressed with this product . It will make a good beach ball for my 2 year old but be a bit useless to help teach geography . It was 1 of the more expensive options -LRB- albeit in the less than $ 10 range ! -RRB- to choose from so I thought it would be a good buy . Edinburgh is where Glasgow should be , Lisbon & Brest , are well out to sea . San Diego & San Francisco are west of the coastline . Toronto is no where near Lake Ontario & on a personal note I know for sure that Aberdeen , Scotland is not located at Inverness . Not very accurate , worse than in the photos supplied for the object & for the price should be better .
 I was n't necessarily looking for geographic accuracy . I know several others have complained about that issue . I wanted to use it as a prop for a birthday activity in my preschool and simply need an inflatable globe that stays inflated . This globe is lacking in that department . It 's supposed to be a sphere , but ends up looking a little more like a slowly deflating tire . It 's still somewhat sphere-like on the top , but kind of flat on the bottom . I was n't looking for a product that I 'd have to inflate every time a child in my class has a birthday , but that is what I 'm having to do .
 This is the worst globe I have ever seen . It is full of errors when it comes to territory marking . Amazon should not market this as a Globe . Instead market it as a beach ball alone.Regarding shipping . it did n't reach me on time . Even for a prime account it took more than 5 days . When I complained , amazon sent me one item in one day shipping . Even that did n't reach me on time .
 I ordered this product for my nephew as he requested a globe for Christmas . Upon receiving it I was disappointed.Some of the countries were faded off , making it useless .
 I bought this for my first grade class . It was great having a globe I could use readily -LRB- my actual globe is a bit heavy and cumbersome to carry around the classroom -RRB- . The kids had fun tossing it around as well . After a few weeks a hole formed and it really lost any function . I understand that it 's inflatable , but if you plan on using it in the classroom you probably plan on having the students use it . You need something sturdier . I also saw a similar globe at my local party shop -LRB- ! -RRB- and it was much cheaper ! This inflatable globe is not worth the cost here .
 I ordered this globe for my son who is starting to get interested in geography . Unfortunately , the one that I received is out of date and has countries on it that no longer exist , such as Zaire . While he will enjoy playing with it and learning about where different countries are located , do not count on it to be accurate . Zaire changed its name in 1997 , so they have had time to update this product .
 I found the globe to be per the reviews I have read here , good detail and size ... a wonderful buy for the price . The only problem I faced , and that being a major one , is as I soon realised that the air globe would deflate every 15 minutes . I am sure I received it that way because there has been no mis-handling since I laid my hands on it unless something went wrong while filling it up . I do see a puncture kit in the package though . I need to get this thing drowned in some water and see if I can `` nail that puncture '' . But yes , my low rating is purely for the punctured globe I received . It might just have been one bad piece in the stock . It had to be mine ! 01/22/2011
 Bought this for young child.This map is extremely stinky when you open the packaging . Fill the whole room with a plastic odor.After blowing it up , the text on the maps are not very readable . And , along the seams , the overlap is not precise , so some cities and text is missing . When my child points to some cities or countries on this inflatable globe , I ca n't tell my child what that is because the text is missing inside the seam.Get a real globe .
 Had to return this twice because it kept deflating ! great idea but poor quality , shame b/c we would have used it for our homeschooling .
 We received this three days ago as a present for our four-year-old and , as a previous reviewer discovered , it does not hold air AT ALL . It was losing air within five minutes . I would not recommend this .
 I was disappointed to find many places incorrectly marked on the globe -LRB- eg London was on the West -LRB- not East -RRB- of England -RRB- . I would n't buy again especially as I payed full price for it .
 Clever idea but the dimensions should reflect the size of the actual bank rather than the package in it 's entirety . I doubt that this little piggy would hold a dollar 's worth of change . Too bad ...
 I bought this bank for my 4 year little girl . . Came yesterday and let me tell you that its going to be lucky to hold $ 2.00 in Change . . Very tiny . . Not at all what I expected for the price and I would not recomend it to anyone .
 I was shocked at how tiny this piggy bank was when I received it . I have n't taken it out of the box yet but it appears it can hold a couple dollars in change . My fault for not reading the description .
 I can not believe that this was so small ! I ordered 5 of these for Christmas gifts as my children and my girlfriends children have been doing chores to earn/save some money and we 've been using baby food jars for piggy banks . Guess what ? The baby food jars hold more money than the piggy bank ! Very disappointed ! I suppose that the price was good for what we got but I could NOT be more unhappy with this product .
 This bank is so small , only a few coins will fit in it . Do n't buy this if you want a real , useable bank . Only good thing is getting to decorate it . Really disappointing for a Melissa and Doug product !!
 i got this for my daughter for christmas well it just showd up and to my surprise it is the tinyest piggy bank i have ever seen ! its about the size of my fist i realy thought it would be biggy then that !
 This is practically useless as an actual piggy bank . It 's tiny - not more than 21/2 inches from head to tail . Perhaps it would make a cute party favor or something , but even then - at this price , I do n't know that it would be worth it .
 I was shocked to see the size of this bank , maybe a dollars worth of change can be put into it .
 Looking through past reviews , I see that this is an ongoing problem since JANUARY . Well it is now September and it has not been corrected.You do not receive a dozen paint pens , you only receive one . I called customer service and was told I 'll be refunded the full amount charged , in the next 1-2 business days . The price quoted online was n't the price charged , then the customer rep. quoted a completely different amount then either of those , very sketchy ! I am VERY skeptical , I 'll have to wait and see . Will never shop through Shoplet again !
 We 've ordered this clay twice , from two different sellers . The first time it was pure wonderful . My 4-year-old daughter would spend hours playing with it . When we were done with the whole box , we ordered this clay again -LRB- some time in June 2011 -RRB- , this time from a different seller -LRB- 7GIFTS or something like that -RRB- . I believe this second set is worse in quality
 The clay was a bit hard , difficult to use and some colors were unusable . Perhaps the item was old or improperly stored .
 I do n't know if we just got an old batch of this stuff or what , but it 's really hard to shape this into anything . I got this for my kids to have fun with and they were both excited , until we tried to make something . It 's just these blocks that are too hard and crumbly to do much with . I gave it two stars because there are quite a few colors and if it had been fresh I 'm guessing this would be fun . I think I 'll try look online for ideas to soften it , if that 's even possible .
 What a let down ... . It took forever to set up , and then no matter what speed or car , some turns in some lanes would pop the car off every time . What is that about ? It was such a disappointment on Christmas morning . Rats ...
 I ordered 2 sets of 12 markers , pay $ 15 shipping and get 2 markers . What a deal . Good luck with the customer service !
 There 's good and bad aspects to this game that potential buyers really ought to know . To start with the bad news , the game is not durable at all . Once the solution is worked out it can not be played again by any of the same players . One thing you should make sure of then is that none of your potential guests have played this before -LRB- you might want to do this even before you buy the game -RRB- . Another weakness is the plot , which is what you are trying to put together to find the bad guy/girl . There are way too many red herrings , over too many hours , to try to deduce the culprit . The actual chain of events is very obscure and the clues do n't clearly illuminate it . This means that however much fun you and your friends have in playing the characters at the end it 's a dissatisfying experience in terms of solving a mystery.Overall I 'd say it 's a good way to have some fun if you just want a laugh and do n't care too much about the outcome or how you got there .
 NEVER buy anything from Century Novelty . Here are the reasons : I bought 4 of this spinning tops from Century Novelty via amazon.com . But the items they sent to me definitely not the items they show by the image on the website.The items are low quality ; I mean very-bad quality , like trash . They are definitely not the items shown in the picture on amazon.com.even worse
 It was way smaller than we had planned on . The kids did n't take much interest in it .
 Normally these murder mystery games were under $ 50 ... sometimes even under $ 30 but this one is more than $ 200 ! Sorry , but what makes this one worth 5 times more than the other in the series ?
 Cute idea but does not work . Camera jams every time you load the pictures . You need an adult to do it and even then it jams . My three-year-old was very disappointed that she could not get it to work .
 The pictures get jammed in the camera and are very hard to remove . One picture got stuck in there and so this toy was broken after about 2 days of play .
 Given as a gift for our 4 yr . old 's birthday . Believe the giver was as disappointed with the gift as we were . No instructions , save for the outside of the box . It does say 6 pictures can fit into the camera , but not possible . Easily jams , as the pictures have only one way of sliding into the camera and it 's not easy for him to get them out of the camera . We thought there might be a way of viewing the pictures inside the camera , but there is n't . He has n't played with the item since his birthday , which was several weeks ago . Would not recommend this item even on sale .
 We bought this for our daughter at Christmas and she was about 21/2 then . It was a little tough for her to use the button but we thought as she got older it would get easier . She 's now nearly 31/2 and even though she is stronger and can insert the photos herself , the button is almost impossible to push down -LRB- even for an adult -RRB- . Other people 's tips to only put a couple of photos in at a time does help but if your child puts more than that in , it will likely jam - making it a frustrating toy . The pictures on the `` slides '' are nice and would help teach counting . Also nice because you could replace with your own photos . But overall , the mechanism for the camera to `` produce '' photos gets worse over time , not better . So I would n't recommend buying this camera unless they fix the problem .
 My husband and I hosted two murder mystery dinners with another company . We then played this one . Our guests and us found this game to be very detailed and complicated . Improvisation and the flow of regular discussion was difficult because you had to follow such a complicated WWII plot and know how to pronounce all the French names . The other games we 've played -LRB- made by other companies -RRB- were very easy to play , conversation flowed naturally , and the plot was n't so thick that you could n't have fun . Also , this game series does n't tell the muder that he/she is the murderer . The other games we played let the murder know bythe first round . Personally , I think it 's easier to play if the murder at least knows at the beginning if he/she is the murderer .
 My 4 year old loves Blue , but found this product complicated and cumbersome . The company needs to get a clue about young children . This was at about a 10 year old level . The idea is great but the execution was lacking . Overpriced and not as good as the oher Blue 's Clues products that I have seen .
 This is the third mystery that we have done with this company and obviously , we enjoyed the others . This particular one however , was boring ... we did n't even finish the game . The characters were too hard to follow and there was so little in the way of surprises in the clues . The costumes were difficult to come up with . We have had a different group of people each time and I was truly embarassed to have invited these people to such a boring evening . Get the Western one instead !!
 We have played several of these games . ... The reason people have trouble figuring the murder out is because the designers of the Watersdown Affair trick the players . We had to apologize for the evening to our guests . The How to Host a Murder games are not nearly as witty -LRB- in terms of language or literary and historical allusions -RRB- , entertaining , or logical as the games produced by other companies . The designers use transparent red herrings to mask poorly thought out motives and clumsy methods . With the How to Host a Murder series , it is impossible to form a hypothesis and actually test it out with questions -LRB- which is the point and the fun of mystery games -RRB- because players are forced to answer `` I do n't know '' to many , many questions . By keeping whodunit a secret from the murderer until the game is over , the designers had to leave open the possibility , in any player 's handbook , that that player could be the murderer . Therefore , everyone 's character must be ambiguous . This means that you ca n't embellish your character -LRB- another aspect of mystery games that make them fun -RRB- without risk of taking it in the wrong direction . If you know your parameters -LRB- you did it ; you did n't do it -- some games by other companies even provide clues about how to act -RRB- , you can form a coherent story about yourself and truly get in character . The How to Host a Murder approach prevents people from forming coherent stories about themselves , let alone others , and no one can really piece together what happened and why . If I wanted a game that involves chance guessing , I 'd be playing Battleship .
 This is the third How to Host a Murder game I have participated in , and by far not the most enjoyable . The facts were vaque , and the motives unclear . When it came to making accusations , every character was a fair guess . It was fun , and my guests had a good time , but as far as the plot went , there are better ones . I suggest The Maiming of the Shrew . Outright halirity ...
 I ordered this tackle box plus kit as a birthday gift , to be shipped directly to thier home . They recieved the tackle box , but it was completly empty ! The company that shipped the box did respond quickly to my email regaurding the problem , but it was been 3wks and they still have not recieved the kit that goes with the box ... I gave this product 2 stars because my friend said that the tackle box was sturdy and easy to use ... but if you want to get everything that you paid for , I would not buy this product .
 I was disappointed with this tackle box . The `` 62 Piece tackle '' was not as expected and rather `` junky '' . I would have been better going to Gander Mountain , spending probably about the same amount of money , -LRB- with the box and shipping total -RRB- , and gotten a better product .
 Please Note
 Micro Games of America released an electronic UNO game a few years ago that is much better than this version . In it , you could see at a glance the number of cards each computer opponent had . This is important information . You need to know who has the most cards remaining in order to set up a strategy for using your `` reverse '' , `` skip '' , `` draw 2 '' , and `` draw 4 '' cards . Mattel 's version only allows you to see your own cards and the cards of the previous player 's turn at a glance . Also , the control buttons on Mattel 's version are not very intuitive . You use a `` select '' button to cycle through the cards and then a `` play '' button plays the selected card . MGA 's game had 7 buttons labeled `` A '' through `` G '' . Each of your cards were lettered and you pushed the `` A '' button to play card `` A '' . It was faster , easier , and more fun . I do have to give credit to Mattel for reissuing thier version in a compact size though . The previous monstrosity was very clunky and poorly designed . Mattel electronic Uno is a fun game , but if you can find the MGA version somewhere , get it . It is not only a better choice than this , but it is probably the best LCD handheld game ever made .
 I bought this toy for my Mom as she liked electronic poker games . She never really took to this game although she played the UNO card game . This game seemed a little complicated for her although perhaps a young person might like this game .
 I think this Mattel game of Uno stinks . I like the first Uno game that was put out by Micro Games of America . This one is stupid !!!!!
 I was sad to discover this is not nearly as fun as its brother the Mattel Football handheld . The play modes are not well-defined
 Not at all what I had in mind . The baseball game I was thinking of was the one where two people played and one person controlled the pitcher and the other person controlled the hitter . It came in a beige control box . Very disappointed in this game . Not classic enough for me .
 I purchased this game for my grandson thinking that he would enjoy it because I had an old baseball game that I had purchased for my daughter about twenty years ago from Sears and he really enjoyed it . It was a great game . This new version game from Mattel is lousy to say the least . It is cheaply made , does not have any graphics , is not user friendly , and is a piece of junk . I would send it back but the cost and aggrevation is not worth the purchase price . My suggestion to anyone that is thinking about purchasing it is do n't waste your money . If I could I would rate it a zero !!!
 I bought this so that my son could practice his time-telling skills . After all of the glowing reviews , I was so sad to find that mine was faulty . Sure , it tells the time . But the time on the `` digital '' number clock is not the same as what is displayed on the clock face . So the when the clock hands read 12:00 , the corresponding numbers at the bottom read 5:00 -- they do n't match at all . I looked through the small booklet it came with , but it says nothing about what to do do when time is reading wrong . $ 15 down the drain !
 This is a nice learning toy for children , but we had trouble with ours breaking . My 4-year-old son , who generally is n't hard on toys managed to break the clock within a couple months . The hands did n't match up with the time display . I took the clock apart and managed to fix it but it was not easy to fix . About a year later , he broke it again . I remembered how difficult it was to fix so the clock is in the garbage . I 'm very sad about this because my son who is now 5 , could still learn from this clock . He 's just learning to count my 5s and up to this point only knows the 0 ` clocks , 30s , quarter-afters , and quarter-tos .
 What did we expect , it 's a game of hot potato , right ? Somehow for the $ $ we expected a little more fun . It is VERY lame ! Save you money andd just use an actual hot potato .
 It 's an OK idea I guess , but if I gave my kids a real potatoe and some music from the stereo , they would have liked that game just the same . I 've got an idea , why do n't they make kid sized chairs with music built into them that shut off automatically for some musical chairs fun ... I think not ! Why waste your money ! I see also on the market a limbo stick game that two poles hold up the stick instead of 2 people ... what a waste!I do n't know what possesed me into buying this game but I wish I had n't . This game has the same annoying music that just keeps repeating itself and always stops at the same time , so in actuality , after playing it a while , your child will sense when it 's gon na stop ! If this toy company wants to improve this product ... ARE YOU READING THIS ... Here 's a suggestion , you should program SEVERAL different FAMILIAR CHILDREN 'S SONGS into it and have the songs stop at different lengths into the music . Be sure to if possible have the pauses in the songs alternate so that kids wont ' t memorize when the music is going to stop playing . This was a pretty good idea that was not carried out to it 's fullest potential . The best part about this toy is that it 's a Mr. Potatoe Head -LRB- a character well known in Toy Story -RRB- and if done right , could have been alot of fun instead of being equivalent to playing with a dull real potatoe . I gave 3 stars for durability and educational value . it 's pretty durable because it can be thrown all over the place with kids and is soft . It 's educational beause as with all games , It teaches kids how to play together , to follow rules , and how to take turns and share . So take my advice , Do n't waste your money on this game when there are so many better games out on the market !
 I would n't buy this puzzle for anyone under 6 . It 's difficult to put together . Once done , I glued it together to hang on my 4 year olds wall as I know he will not be able to assemble it on his own for a while . While cute that it 's `` spidey '' shaped , it does n't allow the `` fill in the blank '' concept of other puzzles . Good - but for older kids . Fun - rating 2 ... come on it 's a puzzle ... really how much fun could it be . Educational 2 - slightly more educational than a standard puzzle . Durable-2-it 's cardboard ... depends on how cardboard holds up at your house .
 My children received this toy as a gift and could n't wait to try it . I was very disappointed in the amount of time it took to get everything ready . After giving up on getting the paint to come out of the little cylinders , I added it to the mixing cartridge from the paint bottle , only to have the mixer do a poor job . I mixed it better just by shaking it . The color chart is good for those who are just learning about mixing colors . We got a lot more mixing and painting done with a styrofoam egg carton , paint and brushes . I would advise spending money on paint and paper -LRB- and a color wheel -RRB- and skip this gizmo .
 Total waste of time and money -LRB- although it was gift , for which I feel bad -RRB- . Poorly engineered -- too much work to set up and ultimately , you ca n't even get the paint to come out of the little cylinders . Frustrating for me , even ! Let alone my son . Avoid this toy .
 My three year old daughter received this for christmas from her grandmother . I knew it would be to complicated for her to use , however I was quite surprised to find out it was to complicated for me to work . First , the paints are either too thick or too thin . Your supposed to take the paint from a large bottle and using the ONE funnel they provide , put it into small viles with flexible plastic caps . The paints were usually to clumpy to easily do this . Then you place the vile into the dispencer . You must put the vile directly under the dispencing button , so as you are placing it into position the paint is being forced out . Once I has all the dispencers full , I attempted to make lime green paint , following the paint mixing guide they provided . The flexible plastic caps for the viles kept jamming the rotating gizmo . I then pressed the dispencing button for yellow six times -LRB- as instructed -RRB- and blue once . The yellow paint would not come out properly , and neither did the blue . After I eyed a proper amount of each color I then activated the mixer mechanisim . When I opened it , no mixing had took place . The paints remained seperated.We 'll go back to mixing paints the old fashion way . STAY AWAY FROM THIS TOY , it will turn your next lazy Sunday into a nightmare . This christmas present went from the box into the trash in less than an hour .
 Kids will have just as much fun and less frustration mixing paint the old fashion way ~ with a paint brush . This toy is too complicated for my 4 year old and a waste of time for the effort . The set up and clean up may be OK for an 8 year old . The paint mixing dispensers did n't squirt out the paint easily . The mixer part was the only fun part -LRB- besides actually painting with the paint -RRB- for my daughter . Just buy paint and brushes and skip this toy .
 After spending considerable time with my excited children getting this interesting-looking product set up , we found out that it does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING . The paint , once carefully poured into tiny cylinders , wo n't come back out . After pouring the paint , by hand , into the mixer cylinder , the mixer is difficult to crank , the paint cylinder shoots out periodically , and the paints do n't mix . I had to roll and shake them by hand . Additionally , the color guide was missing from the package . Invest in some good paint trays instead , to teach about color mixing !
 This toy was a gift for our 3 year old , which according to the box is within the target age . It 's impossible for her to do herself , and the paints do not squirt into the mixing bottle easily . Also , you need to use LOTS of paint to be able to mix anything up -- even though the paint squirts out in little drips . Definately could be better . We are learning about what happens when you mix colors , however , this could be done without the toy altogether .
 My eight year old grandson wanted to grow sea monkeys . We purchased this item and have followed the step by step instructions . It has been 2 weeks now , we are unable to locate any sea monkeys.Needless to say my grandson and I are dissappointed .
 I was so disappointed by the actual size of the sea monkey container . A sea monkey is hard to see on it 's own , but add a small container to that and it 's even more frustrating . I would n't recommend anyone else waste their money on it . You really do n't get your bang for your buck .
 Th toy was a gift from a certificate to be used as an educational experience for my 6 YO son . The instructions were detailed and the list of requirements were many . So as a parent , my work was cut out for me.As the monkeys begin to hatch there is the delicate daily responsibility to aeriate the water by means of pouring the liquid back and forth between clean containers . So that step can be a little unnerving with little one.However , the kit was complete and offers plenty of other options -LRB- for a price -RRB- and a guarantee to produce sea monkeys .
 This toy does not work well and it makes a huge mess . My daughter was so excited to receive it and got very frustrated trying to use it . The sand containers `` leaked '' I think the stopper only worked in 2 out of the 6 . Also they do not tell you how or where to get additional supplies . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 This is the biggest piece of junk I have seen in a long time . The sand leaks all over the place and the carousel does n't work . The carousel is supposed to ` click ' into place but it turns freely . There are supposed to be stoppers so the sand does n't leak , and there are stoppers , but they do n't work . If I did n't get this as a holiday gift , it would have been returned quicker than you can imagine .
 I agree with all the reviews that have already been written , about the poor quality and the leaking . I wanted to add that , not only do they not tell you where to get refills , but there is not even enough sand to fill the eight bottles that it comes with ! My kids were so disappointed because they had divided them up so they could do two each , but then we discovered there was only enough to fill four bottles . Very disappointing product .
 Our four year old asked for this for Christmas . She was so excited to get it , but it started leaking all over the place after the first use . It just got worse and worse until we finally pitched it . Definately not worth the money spent .
 It is simply horrid . does dont function the way it should . My daughter wnated to buy playdough and i made her buy this and am feeling so terrible about it . the sand bottles do not work at all , u will find sand all over the place . It is waste of money . I am returning it as soon as possible !
 This toy leaks sand all over the place , the release button gets jammed with sand and the concept of having to take off the cap to refill from the screen is foolish . Do not waste your money
 The rubber-like skin is neat and gives the robotic toy a realistic look , but I question its toughness and mending a tear may prove to be quite hard . Underneath , the articulations and mechanism feel fragile , and I question if the toy would survive a drop down the stairs or off a table.Overall , while it may appear appealing in the package , I do n't recommend it . It gets boring real quick , and I do n't think it will take the abuse of a kid , even if recommended for age 6 + More in-depth review here
 I purchased 4 of the Voit CB5 balls for our church basketball league . The size of the ball is perfect for ages 4 - 6 . 2 of the 4 ball will not hold air . I pump the balls up before each practice and game . The church purchased 4 balls 3 years back and they have been good balls . Very disappointed in the 2 balls that do not hold air .
 I received all six balls ordered ; however , upon inflating them , I lost 2 balls . Apparently , these balls had defective air valves . I did email the distributor on 1/19/09 , eSportsonlineCS , with no response . Very disappointing ... let the buyer beware .
 The ball went flat after only 2 weeks . It was the perfect size ball for my 5 year old son , but it did n't last .
 THIS IS THE MOST BORING TOY EVER ! My daughter got sick of it in 5 minutes and she has n't used it since last month ! I asked her why she never uses it and she said that it is so boring because it is broken ! It 's a waste of money !
 This was a great toy the whole one week it worked , my daughter loved it , very educational ! Then the buttons started sticking , I could `` pop '' them out with my fingernail , but then they started really sticking and I could n't get them unstuck.I had to take it back , nothing I did would get it working again , so then we got the `` Leapster '' , much better for the money .
 I am a big Dodge fan and thought this would make a good addition to my die cast collection . In the product description it states - ASSEMBLY REQUIRED `` NO '' . I received the item and it clearly says on the box `` EASY GLUE ASSEMBLY '' . I have already applied to return this item , as it is not advertised as a glue together unit . I 'm very unhappy .
 My children used an older version of this type of marble game and went bonkers over it . The toy we used was a friends . My wife bought Galt 's version and I am ready to toss it into the garbage can . I just hope the retailer will accept a return . The problem is that Galt 's materials engineers cut back on the connector strength and the pieces do not stick together well . All it takes to knock this toy down is a minor bump . My kids were totally frustrated and so was I . This was not an issue with the toy my friend had.Galt , you saved a few pennies on plastic on each set you built but you created a useless toy . Two thumbs down !!!!!!
 This toy thoroughly dissapointed me from the moment I handed it to my child . I remember playing with it 's quality predecessor as a child . These memories were dashed by the shoddy workmanship evident by the makers of this `` product '' . The connectors were too short and were seperated by the slightest bump . There were not enough tube connectors to build a tower of any great height . Even the marbles were of different sizes and shapes which prevented a proper roll even if the tower managed to hold together . This toy is a total waste of money and I will be returning it shortly . The company should spend a few more cents and make a quality product .
 This item was not very large and kept falling apart -- I would n't recommend it .
 Bought this for my 5 year old twins last year for Christmas . . they loved it , their Grandmother loved working it with them , I am telling you it was a hit ! However , after about one month , it stopped talking on one quarter of the puzzle . . the Northwest . I first thought it just needed a battery change , but after trying two sets of new batteries , I realized it was a goner , and no fun if it only partially worked . I buy pretty early for the holidays and taking this back or sending it back is usually limited to 30 days , so , I ended up paying $ 30.00 for a months worth of toy . It is a great toy , but keep this in mind when you buy , that if it goes bad , you have the reciept , etc. .
 I like the idea of this toy but the lower half of the puzzle has never worked . I have replaced the batteries and tried various things but ... nothing.I was also disapointed at the representation of New England , where I live , and Hawaii , where I used to live . The accuracy of the map lacks something but I can see it would be a good first learning tool , if it worked .
 THE SCHOOLS MAY HAVE REMOVED GEOGRAPHY FROM THE CLASSROOMS , BUT THEY CA N'T TAKE IT AWAY FROM THOSE WHO LEARNED IT MANY YEARS AGO . PRESUMEABLY THOSE OF US WHO WOULD BUY THIS ITEM . TAKE A LOOK AT THE PUZZLE OF OUR GREAT UNITED STATES . NOW , WISCONSIN MAYBE WANTS THAT PART OF MICHIGAN , BUT IT OPERATES UNDER MICHIGAN LAW AND IS CALLED UPPER MICHIGAN OR THE UPPER PENNINSULA OF MICHIGAN . NO WHERE IS IT CALLED WISCONSIN . I WAS RATHER CONFUSED RIGHT AWAY WHEN THE DESCRIPTION OF THE PUZZLE SAID THERE ARE 44 PUZZLE PIECES . THE LAST I KNEW , THERE ARE 50 STATES AND 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES . THE IDEA OF THIS TALKING MAP IS GREAT , BUT LET 'S GET IT CORRECT FOLKS.GRANDPARENT LIVING IN MICHIGAN
 I waited for months for this toy to be in stock . I finally got it in , and it did n't work . Half of the states do not function . I had to go through a big hassle with amazon.com , and I got most of my money back . If you order it , check all the states immediately to see if they work . I checked a few before I wrapped it for my son 's birthday , but by the time he opened it and we found out it did n't work well , the 30 days had expired on returns . Amazon did accept the return anyway , but it took a while . Buy a wooden puzzle , and tell your kids the info on your own .
 I 'm sure this would be a wonderful map if it were accurate , but this toy , as well as many others , cuts off the northern panhandle of West Virginia . There is a small strip of the state , just a few miles wide that runs along the Ohio river between Ohio and Pennsylvania and it is distressing that so many map makers , particularly ones aimed at teaching our youth , continue to cut it off . I know , I live in Weirton , West Virginia , which is 30 miles west of Pittsburgh , PA.Don ' t buy this toy if you want your child to know the REAL shape and locations of the United States !
 I bought this toy for my kids to play with in the pool -LRB- I had similar subs as a child which worked very well -RRB- . The problem is that the submarine fills with water and them immediately sinks to the bottom and sits their . No matter how you set the dive-planes it is not neutrally buoyant and the motor does not have enough power to overcome the negative buoyancy . This thing should be sold at the dollar store or something . It is complete garbage .
 The product was received in a timely manner . I was able to use it for one day ok , on the second day part of the screen went black and could not correct the problem so I returned it .
 Crappy toy and would never buy it again . Do not recommend to anyone . Why I have to go on about this toy is beyond me .
 son loves it but it always falls down when he tosses the little bags at it . so he gets bored with it fast ever time he has to pick it back up
 This game is basically like those spring type windshield visors . When first pulling it out of the box it sprung open as expected and stood well , being set up on carpet we did n't seem to have any problems with it falling over or collapsing . The beanbags are very small though , I imagine if younger kids throw any toy they pick up at it then most would knock it over . It seemed fun , until one of the beanbags got lost -LRB- within 10 mins of getting it out of the box -RRB- and 4 adults staring at the included instructions could n't figure out how to fold it back up as it came . The instructions can be found on the PlayHut website . It said to start by holding the top corners and folding it into a shell , then left hand under right and turn thumbs in and it forms 3 loops -LRB- we could n't tell what 3 loops meant , never saw any loops ... ? -RRB- and bring them all together . The pictures were not clear at all , and without being able to understand the 3-loop part we had no idea what to ` bring together ' . We ended up folding it like we do with the windshield visors and just grabbing diagonal corners and twisting in opposite directions and it folds itself . Instructions went in the trash . Its so thin though that it would rest behind any piece of furniture like behind a couch .
 Brain should have been a little larger -LRB- looks like a kids brain -RRB- , I can not use this brain for what i needed . Brain would be ok for a Haunted house prop or for a child dressed as a zombie chewing on a snack . WARNING , brain will not fulfill your desire of an adult brain . Schroeder -LRB- Cult Movies Magazine -RRB-
 Not really as pictured . The brain is small like a child 's brain and looks very plastic even from far . Guess I was looking for something a little more realistic . Speaking of which I got ta go search for a bone saw now . Hopefully its Prime eligible .
 This jack in the box is extremely difficult to push back in and close the top . I could hardly do it nevermind my 2 year old . I do n't recommend this toy at all .
 Bought this Jack in the box for my grandson , and he is too little to do much to it , yet the music is already broken & will not play . We have already thrown away the packaging , so I am sure without it , unable to return or exchange . Looks nice , but the durability , even for a child that barely is able to use it yet , very disappointed .
 I bought three of these for my own child and family members . After ONE week with NO rough play - just normal use - two of the boxes stopped playing music . The jack still pops out of the box , but there is no music at all . Very VERY dissappointing because my little 2 yr old really liked it at first . I plan to return them if possible . I will write another review about the return process for these faulty toys .
 This toy is just okay . Nothing special . It only have a few pieces to play with and looks like it was just cut from a printed fabric and sewn together , nothing too special . If you have child who LOVES pirates and needs a quiet time toy it might be a good investment . My son is only kinda into them and thus this toy gets little attention , he 's much rather play with the regular plastic kind of `` guys '' .
 I got this doll for my daughter because she pitched a fit for it . She rarely plays with this doll . It is heavy compared to her other first doll babies . I was very disappointed with it and especially with the baby bottle that comes with it . It does not meet the quarter guidlines for not being a chocking hazard . I am hoping that later on she will like this doll . It has such cute things to go with it now .
 If instructions are followed as printed , the offsides space on the board creates an infinite loop , not allowing anyone to finish and win this game ever ! Hey , I enjoy playing games , but just not until the end of time . We fixed this on our game board by changing the space from `` move back 5 spaces '' to `` move back 1 space '' . I hope the publishers of this game update the board to fix this problem .
 You must use the plastic coin to make this work . Work on it ! You must use the plastic coin to make this work . Work on it !
 I had this toy when I was a child 60 years ago and wanted one for my grandson . Mine was made out of bamboo and it still works today as well as it did back then . Not so with this plastic version . It is too loose and hard for the `` magic '' to happen . The idea is great and fun , but the quality of this item is cheap and poor for the price . .
 I had such hopes for this game . Since it was for a baby shower , I thought I should buy two so we could have a competition . Tried out one of the catapults to determine how we could make a game out of these and quickly became discouraged . The `` babies '' to be catapulted were too small and flew too quickly , therefore they disappeared when shot . The back side of the package is decorated to be used as a target board , but it 's way too small and after opening the package , a bit useless . Besides , how will one know where it landed after the `` baby '' bounces off the cardboard ? Granted , I probably could have used something sticky on the cardboard to make the babies stick , if so , but it truly was too small . Silly would have been an improvement for this game . And the price , way too much for so little . Will I put this one in the garage sale pile ? Good chance .
 I bought this for my 41/2 year old son this summer because he was -LRB- and remains -RRB- obsessed with geography in general and the 50 states in particular . He loves it . The rest of us , however , do n't . The instructions are inadequate and the purpose of the game is just too basic . By the way , the instructions do tell you where to begin -- in the state where you live or where you are currently playing the game . My son lives for the day when we will take the game to another state so he can start in a different state . But the instructions do not say anything about how you are supposed to get to Hawaii and Alaska . And the fact that some of the states are combined into groupings has been a little confusing for my son . I think if the company had designed the board better , with less space wasted on the picture of Carmen SanDiego , the map could have been larger thus negating the necessity of combining smaller states . Anyway . We have logged a lot of hours on this game over the past few months . We 've changed the rules to make it more interesting , but even so , it gets rather boring . I would give the game 1 star , but I ca n't discount the fact that my son does love it so much .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old daughter in an effort to help her learn geography , and I am extremely disappointed . The game has no point and the instructions do n't even tell us where to start on the board . The board is a colorful picture of the USA and the cards give the very basics about each state , and that is the extent of the usefullness of this game .
 not well made and some of the marbles do not go all the way through the unit also it is kind of flimsy falls apart with just a little touch
 We inherited this set from a cousin and ended up throwing it into the recycling bin because it was more frustrating than fun . Even on a hard , flat surface , the pieces would not stay together . Marble runs are great fun , but try another brand .
 As I researched these , I noticed alot of disappointed reviews w/the Galt . You can see the insert part is only half the length of the older style . Major design flaw . Most in the reviews I 've read like the old style and I have one so I looked on the toy and what you want is a Discovery Toys , toy . It 's called Marbleworks . Some FYI so your not stuck buying crap !!! My son likes his -LRB- from garage sale -RRB- and I want to get more pieces . The Quercetti Marblerail is decent but not heavy-duty like the Discovery Toys one .
 My boys are 4 and 6 years old and were SO excited about this toy . It is a wonderful concept , but is very difficult for small kids to put together so an adult or older child needs to help . Even so , it is difficult to build something stable . If there was a way to make the base more stable it would be a better toy . It often fell apart quite easily no matter how we constructed it , and this led to a lot of frustration . Also , the design of many of the pieces does not make sense in terms of the marbles flowing through the channels . There are a lot of marble products on the market , and it would be worthwhile researching to see if there is a more stable set before purchasing this one . I bought this on sight without doing so , but wish I had now .
 I bought this item as a stocking stuffer . It served its purpose well . That said , its a rather cheap little item and after just a few uses , the child lost complete interest in it . I probably would n't recommend purchasing .
 While my 18 month has always enjoyed this toy , it is always on it 's side in the water . Even when moving , it tips over every time .
 We got this as a gift for our 16 month old . It was her first `` moving '' bath toy . It does n't work at all . You wind it up , and it does n't go anywhere . It falls over on it 's side and takes on water . We threw it away . Do n't waste your money .
 My 18 month old son loves Ernie , and I was so happy when I purchased this toy . I was a little disappointed because it does not do what it is supposed to do . When the toy is in the the tub , it just tips over . The propeller on the back is very loud , and I get nervous when my son winds it up .
 We bought this for my son because he loves Sesame Street and thought it would be a fun moving toy . As the previous comment mentions , it hardly moves . It falls over and sinks easily . The most fun my son has with it is watching the propellor spin when it is outside of the water . When it is in the water , it moves so slowly that I do n't even think he realizes it is moving at all .
 I bought this wind up Elmo toy for my 10 month old daughter to play in the tub . I dont know if I got a defective one or not , but I would wind it up and it would sink to the bottom of the tub . She did get a kick out of the propellers turning and the clicking noise but it sure does n't float like it should .
 I purchase this sorting wheel for my grandson , because my own children loved the toy . On first use the toy fell apart . While it resembled the original toy , some of the shapes were too small for the post boxes and could fall out if shaken . The retaining bar was an undersized dowel and did not secure the shapes inside the wheel . I contacted Galt UK and was told that they no longer dealt with Original Toy Company and that the sorting wheel was discontinued by them in 2009 . Amazon did give me a full refund but the toy is still being advertised .
 I looked specifically for AIR-HOGS replacements and this came up . It does not work with Air-hogs stomp rocket , rocket launcher . This rockets shaft is to narrow to fit on the rocket launcher .
 Very disappointing toy . I returned the rocket and refills . Cheaply made and for an older age group than advertised . Do not buy for anyone youger than ten . Need strenghth and open area to use .
 Warning
 I bought these as christmas gifts . So , kids have n't played yet . From the packaging I do n't think they 'll be very durable . Seems like they will come apart . I hope I 'm wrong . I do think my 5 , 8 and 10yr olds will like it while it lasts . But , will is last ? is the question . I think it 's a great idea .
 These rockets do not fly as high as the original Stomp Rockets or the Super High Performance Stomp Rockets and were a real disappointment . I think the large red bulb on the tip adds too much weight and prevents them from flying very far . This is coming from a 260lb man and kids will really be disappointed . Get the Super High Performance Stomp Rockets as even my 4 turning 5 son was able to send them 100-150 feet when angled . Ultra Stomp Rockets would be fine for a backyard as they will not go very far or high , but what is the fun of that . Go the original Stomp Rocket for your backyard as they fly higher .
 The package was ripped open . I ended up just taking them out of the packaging and putting them in a box to wrap .
 I bought this for my son 's 5th birthday -LRB- who is very mechanically-minded -RRB- and am very diappointed that the pieces do not stay together . He can hardly move it or play with it without several of the pieces falling off . It seems too complex for 4 + which is what is says on the box -LRB- my husband had to put the whole thing together for him -RRB- , especially given that the pieces do not stay together well - it ends up being frustrating instead of motivating . On the other hand , my 3-year-old daughter likes playing with the 2 mini-people and animals separately . Overall , we are very disppointed especially for the money ... I do n't think we 'll get much long-term enjoyment out of this one . I liked the concept but after this experience I 'm hesitant to try any of the other Gears ! products .
 Looked cool and the kids were excited to put it together . But this toy was a huge disappointment . As noted in the previous review , some pieces do n't stay together -LRB- there are pieces that actually PUSHED themselves apart -RRB- - and the gears do n't mesh consistently -LRB- some pieces are just too big to get the gears close enough together to work well ! -RRB- . I 'm contacting LR for a remedy - otherwise they will end up on my NO list .
 While the toy itself is compact and the voice on it not to loud , I would never pay 30 bucks for this thing . I got it at a discount store for five dollars . And that 's all it 's worth . It has about 5 phrases it will say when you touch the latch and does sing the song when your child presses the smile . That 's it . Would n't the biggest thrill of playing with `` the mailbox '' be finding a letter ? You would think so but it does not open ! So kind of a pointless toy if it does n't even do that .
 Cute little toy ... but TOO pricey . It does nothing except sing the MailBox song and say a few phrases ... that 's it . And it 's small . Only about 5 inches . Do n't pay $ 26.99 for it when you can get it for $ 2.49 at The Christmas Tree Shop . At that price , it 's worth it .
 `` Creative Advertising '' is in full-force with this item . My son received this for Christmas and the whole family was excited by the claims on the outside of the box . WOW , were we disappointed . This basically amounts to a $ 50 flashlight with a transparency star-map and HORRIBLE focus issues . The 3D `` module '' is a complete joke -LRB- basically a cheapo slide projector and not very `` 3D '' at all -- I have much better red/blue 3D posters from the 80 's -RRB- . Not only is all of the box text completely irresponsible , even IF they came out and told you what these items REALLY were , they are horrible versions of those items . Honestly , this item is not worth the aggravation -- it 's not worth more than $ 5.00 in my opinion . I will say the audio CD 's are very well produced , but not $ 50 worth of good production .
 My 11 year old son received this -LRB- these -RRB- as a Christmas present . He was quite excited about the things that the packaging claimed , ie
 I bought this thinking I could workout on it until I have enough money to purchase a better model . I was only able to workout on it for 10 minutes ! It has a very jarring effect on my neck . My neck is now killing me and I 've never had neck problems . What a waste of money . I will be returning it . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I DID QUITE A BIT OF RESEARCH AND THE PRODUCT MET ALL MY EXPECTATIONS . THIS IS MY SECOND TRAMPOLINE AND I AM AWARE OF THE BENEFITS IF USED REGULARLY .
 This is terrible ! my dvd is damaged or defective . I opened it with clean hands put it perfectly into the dvd player , and 90 % of the videos do not work . Please send me a new dvd and i will change this into a good review !
 It sure did increase my heart rate , and it gave me a fair workout to my legs , my calves , and ankles which always burned the next morning . I do n't know if that is normal to have annoying leg pain in the morning and having difficulty getting out of bed . Also , another complaint is that a sales person called me about six months after trying to sell me more workout videos/DVD 's which was very unwelcomed ! However after a year of not using it , I tossed it to the curb .
 I am really sad to say that we tried to buy two -LRB- yes 2 -RRB- rebounders but where turned away because we have a PSC address . My Husband is serving overseas , we can not buy rebounders here.Thanks a lot .
 After reading some of the other reviews , I guess that I should not have gotten my hopes up that I would have a complete set -LRB- Rebounder & video -RRB- . On my 1st shipment , I did not receive a video & did not receive an instructions manual . I spoke to customer service & had to return the original package & re-order another . This one came with a video & manual . I was very excited to give it a try . The `` mega video '' is supposed to be a compilation of several videos from beginner to advanced.When I played the video it was extremely grainy . . it looked like a video that had been poorly copied multiple times . The video played the introduction but would not play the individual workouts ... I was VERY disappointed . I think that I would really enjoy this rebounder if only the videos worked . I am suprised that Amazon continues to ship this out when they KNOW that there is a problem with the videos .
 I just tried my DVD in two different players and it wo n't play on either one . I am returning this one and trying another . Hopefully , it will work . To use properly and get all benefits of the equipment the DVD needs to work , useless otherwise .
 I was really excited to get my rebounder , and while it was tricky getting it put together , it seems to be working very well . However , I put the DVD in my player to start the workout , and it would n't play . My DVD player could n't read it . It finally gave me an error code that said `` Disc is dirty . '' The disc was n't dirty , but I wiped it and tried it again . I got the same error message . I know that my machine is fine , because we had just watched a movie with it the night before , and I have used it since this . The DVD looked like someone ran it from their computer at home and put a home-made label on it . It was really disappointing -- it seemed really poor quality . One reason I purchased this particular rebounder is because it came with a workout DVD . I have never used a rebounder before so it was important to me to have the DVD showing a workout . I ended up finding some stuff on YouTube showing some workout steps , and I am looking now to purchase a real rebounder workout DVD . I can tell you that I will not be purchasing one from Urban Rebounder , though !
 I bought my first Urban Rebounder from an infomercial and absolutely loved it . I purchased a second one directly from the Urban Rebounder website . It arrived in used condition -LRB- mat was all stretched out , several broken springs , frame was scratched and dented -RRB- Customer service insisted it was damaged in shipment and told me they would file a claim with Fedex . Months went by and nothing was happening ; my repeated calls were just given the run around . They finally agreed to charge my debit card , send me out a new one and credit me when they received the defective one . I followed through but was never credited . Unfortunately since I used my debit card I had no recorse . Repeated calls were again given the run around . Worst customer service ever !!! Went on Better Business Bureau Online to check them out and found they have a rating of `` F '' for their terrible business practices :[ ... -RSB- Would definately not recommend anyone purchase directly from Urban Rebounder . Maybe if you buy from Amazon you will have more protection .
 This thing stinks ... literally ! I 've had this thing in my workout room for a couple of days now . The smell eventually started giving me a headache . I had to move it into the garage with hopes that the stink will eventually subside . Setup was very easy and can be done is less then 5 minutes . There are supposed to be elastic loops to hold the legs in place when folded . most of the ones on my rebounder were either torn off or none existent . Someone in their fit and finish department felt just using rubberbands in place of these elastic loops should be good enough and no one would notice . I did . Once I started using the rebounder the squeeking started . The sound is really annoying . Some of the previous reviewers mentioned this ... others did not . I figured that it could n't be that bad . It is.The reviews of this product are all over the place in terms of customer experience . The only thing that I can assume is that the manufacturing process with regards to materials used and assembly procedures is that they must vary greatly from one Urban Rebounder to the next . Unfortunately I guess I was one of the unlucky ones . The old adage , `` you get what you pay for , '' definitely holds true here . It is just a shame since I had such high hopes for this product ... I hope this review helps someone else from making my same mistake .
 When I first purchased this trampoline it work ok for a month or so . But as the we approached the 3 or 4 month the springs started popping out . My kids cut themselves on it . The handle bar completely broke off of the rebounder . At this point I can not use this item and i tried contacting urban rebounder and i have not gotten any response . Amazon.com also said they can not help me.Bottom line . . spent $ 107 and now it 's gone . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM .
 When I ordered my Urban trampoloine , I could barely wait for its arrival . Following the instructions carefully my husband and I assembled it . It was like a bear trap and very rigid . It took us both and ended up in the long run snappoing and breaking the unit . Also no carrying case was with the item as represented . I made an attempt to write to you but no one answered . For health reasons , we decided to try again spending yet another $ 100 . or so . This time we were able to assemble the unit but it was very difficult . I do not see how anyone could take it down each time for storage for two reasons . First , again no carrying bag came again . Second , the unit takes more than I have for strength to assemble it again or take it down for storage . We are extremely unhappy with this unit . We feel it was not represented correctly and with the bag missing twice the full value was absent each time we paid full price for the two units.Thank you , but I will think carefully when buying from you again as I said , no one answered when we needed help either .
 I ordered this , and received the one without the handle . I returned it , and received again today , the same one , without the handle again . Great crappy service .
 I bought this and it was my first rebounder , and I did no research . Upon arrival I realized that it is rickety and unstable feeling . I weigh 220 , so that shouldnt have been a problem . I did decide to do my research and found out that the urban rebounder is among the worst rated rebounders . I lucked out and sold it within 2 weeks to a naive person like myself and got most of my investment back . I decided to go ahead and buy a $ 300 rebounder and its like night and day ... . huge difference . I would recommend going to a sporting goods store and buying their cheapest rebounder and you would be as well off as buying the urban rebounder and save yourself the money . The DVDs were defective and skipped and one wouldnt play several of the workouts . . overall , the entire program turned out to be a cheesey cheap rip off . Save up and get a decent one that you wont get hurt on or buy the cheapest one you can find and you will have the urban rebounder for a lot less money .
 This trampoline was recommended to me as high quality , but mine arrived with several rips in the seams on the spring cover . Also , please believe the others who warn you that it SMELLS ! The toxic rubber odor was overpowering and sickening . I think it comes primarily from the rubber feet , but having been sealed in the box for so long , the smell had permeated the whole item . I let it air out but still smelled strong . Maybe it goes away after a long while , but I did n't want to wait and find out , especially since this one was torn anyway . Having said that , the springiness was nice and it seemed like it would be a great workout . I took a quick look at the DVD and it seemed like a good program , easy to follow . I plan to buy the DVD seperately and get another brand of rebounder .
 My son loves jumping on the trampoline and we used to buy the $ 30 tampolines and replace them every 3 months or so , then bought the Urban Rebounder and it lasted over a year . Then we bought another and it lasted about 7 months . Then we bought another and it lasted 4 weeks so we exchanged it for a new one and that only last TWO WEEKS . My son is n't over 125 pounds so it should n't fall apart so bad . Now I have to find a box to return it which is a huge pain in the butt.DO NOT BUY THIS , either buy something cheaper or something more expensive .
 I ordered this for my son for Christmas . Broke with in a week . Exchanged it for another one and that one is already broken . He is not a big kid that this should be breaking like this . very disappointed !
 I am an avid cyclist who was looking for a new cross training routine . I purchased the Urban Rebounder because I have a power lifter physique and need the extra weight capacity that this product offers , which is 300 pounds , I weigh 210 pounds . I purchased this product on November 11 , 2011 , within 30 days the stitching that holds the springs to the jumping surface had failed . I contacted Amazon and they replaced the trampoline within 3 days . On December 23 , 2011 the exact same problem occurred , the stitching holding the springs to the trampoline surface failed . I contacted Amazon and was told to contact Urban Rebounding because the item was more than 30 days old . I contacted Urban Rebounding and explained the problem . Jody , the lady I spoke with was not concerned with the lack of quality of her product , instead I found her rude and unhelpful . She instructed that I was to contact Amazon to get proof of purchase , she continued with further instructions but because of her attitude I decided dealing with Amazon would be a better choice . I did contact Amazon and was given a full refund . If not for the product failure I can say that I enjoyed this trampoline quite a bit . I jumped on the trampoline a great deal and found it to be a great cross training exercise . I was willing to give Urban Rebounding a third chance because I enjoyed the exercise , but I did not get the response I hoped for from a company whose product had already failed twice , so I am going in a different direction . In addition to the product failure it was very loud , incessant squeaking .
 I was really excited to get started using this rebounder , so when it got to my house I was all set for some serious bouncin ' but instead was hit in the face with a seriously toxic smelling stench . For that reason alone I would n't recommend this to anyone.There are also problems with the product itself . I 'm sure it 's a step up from the wallMart versions , but I found that the bouncing action was n't -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- all that bouncy . Sure I bounced on it and whatnot , but it just did n't feel `` right '' . Also the mat itself seemed stretchy or something . What I mean by this is when I bounced with both feet close together I really sunk into the mat which caused my feet to bend with it . What ended up happening to me is that I got sore feet -LRB- with or without shoes -RRB- . It 's also super squeaky & creaky.I ended up returning it & buying a Needak . Yeah the Needak costs more but it 's not outrageously expensive . Plus it 's made in the US , it DOES N'T smell toxic -LRB- it does n't really smell at all actually -RRB- , and it `` bounces '' right ! It feels more like a real trampoline -LRB- much more bounce than the Urban -RRB- . It 's also quiet & feels MUCH better on my feet . The Needak uses a high quality mat -LRB- the same mat that the other * really * expensive rebounders use -RRB- that feels `` flat '' when you bounce on it -LRB- meaning it does n't flex much -RRB- . The springs are also WAY stronger but softer feeling . It 's kinda hard to explain , but you know it when you feel it.I apologize if this sounds more like a Needak review , but I was really disappointed with the Urban & there are sooooo many glowing reviews for it that I had to add my two -LRB- opposing -RRB- cents . Hopefully this review will save someone from the dreaded Urban Stench ;-RRB- > ! < UPDATE 2011.05.24 > ! < Disclosure : I was recently contacted by JB Berns -LRB- the creator of the Urban Rebounder -RRB- . He offered to send me a new Urban Rebounder and a whole slew of Rebounder workout DVDs , all , surprisingly , without strings attached . However , I offered to update this review with my honest experiences because I felt that was the right thing to do . I 'm a man of my word , so here it is.Update : Upon receiving this new Rebounder , I unpackaged it and again smelled that familiar perfume
 Thr product was great at first but after minimal use to date -LRB- 2 months -RRB- the covering around the outside is tearing and starting to come off-It even gets in the way and can , make you trip if not paid attention to . Plus , the rebounder is getting a little wobbly and does not seem as stable after 2 months .
 I have been very excited to try rebounding because of the health benefits for the lymphatic system and the scientific evidence cited by NASA . I had been putting off purchasing a rebounder however because there are so many varieties and many seemed too expensive at first glance . I have recently been diagnosed with breast cancer and this is really supposed to reduce the risk of lymphedema from treatment so I decided now was the time . I really was skeptical to believe that one would really be much better than another . Urban Rebounder has a great branding strategy , markets the product well and has a lot of DVD 's for a variety in workouts , so I thought I 'd go with this one . Wow , was it a BAD purchase . It does smell strongly of the rubber material but I can live with that . The quality is very poor . The nylon skirting tore when attempting to unfold the trampoline . It definitely takes two people and even then it is dangerously tight out of the box and I could imagine seriously injuring onesself if we were n't so careful . It snapped back at us a couple of times as we tried to open it . The balance bar is very wobbly and they state on the package that it is n't meant to be tight . Not really a safe addition for someone with poor balance . One of the benefits is supposed to be to improve balance . Should n't the bar be more stable for those who purchase it for that reason ? The customer service for the company is awful . Very rude and unresponsive to concerns . I was unable to return the item because `` I '' damaged the item . You should n't be held responsible for trying to take the device out of the box . I did not buy this product from Amazon . I wish I did . I 've never had trouble with Amazon in any way . Sigh . I did decide to purchase a Jumpsport . After more research it seems like it will meet my needs much better . Buyer Beware . Urban may have been better when it first started but shoddy craftsmanship , poor quality and stiff jumping surface , noisy springs and abysmal customer service seem to be the current experience .
 I 've had this about a year and a half . It 's only been used maybe 20-30 times and all the legs are falling off the springs come undone and have to be put back on everytime you use it . I really liked this at first , but then it started falling apart .
 I was putting my trampoline away when it snapped closed and hit me in the face . The strength of the springs that make the trampoline fold in half caused it close with such force that it split my lip open and nearly knocked my front tooth out . After a trip to the emergency room to have 7 stitches in my lip on the outside and inside and being monitored by the dentist to make sure my tooth does n't turn black and fall out ... I highly recommend staying away from this product . I can only imagine what would happen if a child or young adult was hit with this dangerous piece of equipment ! This product does n't even deserve one star , however , the computer will not permit me to leave the rating blank : -LRB-
 I ordered this trampoline last year for my 11 year old daughter for a fun workout . She only started using the trampoline last month for about 45 mins . a day . Now 13 months after ordering it -LRB- the one year warranty has expired , of course -RRB- one of the legs has snapped off . I would say it had maybe only six weeks of daily use before it became unusable .
 I bought this item as new , but when I opened the package , things did not seem to be properly packed . Then I noticed scratch marks where the stabilizer bar had obviously been previously fitted onto the base , and damage to the foam on the stabilizing bar . Finally , the enclosed DVDs had finger prints and scratches and would not play on my player.There was also no invoice enclosed , nor any paperwork regarding how to contact the company . I did not expect this kind of problem when purchasing through Amazon !!
 I really enjoyed my Urban Rebounder the last several weeks -LRB- I had the non-folding one with a bar -RRB- . I weight @ 200 pounds and used it twice a day for 7-10 minutes , over 6-8 weeks . I mainly did the health bounce -LRB- feet not leaving the rebounder -RRB- and light aerobic bounces -LRB- jumping 2-4 inches off the mat -RRB- . This is considered light rebounding . I heard a loud popping sound yesterday . The fabric that holds the springs tore away in one area and the spring next to it broke . I was very disappointed.This might be okay as a starter for people looking to see if they enjoy rebounding , but it 's not built to last , esp . if you are close to 200 pounds or someone that likes to jump high . Consider Reboundair , Needak , Cellerciser , or Bellicon . You 're going to spend 3-4 times as much but you 'll have a real piece of exercise equipment imo .
 Well let me start out with a positive : The Urban rebounder looks and feels solid , especially under my 270 lb frame . Folds ups for easy storage.The Negative : I have not been able to get the included dvd to play , I 've tried every device in my house that palys dvd 'd -LRB- dvd player , computers , laptops , game systems -RRB- That dang disc just wo n't play . Would love to know how to use the rebounder , just ca n't with this DVD .
 I attempted to open it up when I was hit with the off-gassing stench that has been mentioned before . Not only that , but the frame ends that fit into the joints were crumpled so that I could n't even assemble it to try it . No luck with customer service - they said they are phasing out this model and may not have a replacement - and if they did have a replacement , it was going to be $ 30 US to ship it out or more -LRB- to Canada plus duty -RRB- . Really poor customer service ! I have n't even tried it to know if it 's to my liking!Don ' t bother . Buy higher quality and save yourself the headache .
 Well , my kids loved it for the 5 months that it worked . I found I did n't like a trampoline workout -LRB- got dizzy and queasy -RRB- so I gave it over to the kiddos . I had my concerns as the handle had about a foot of play in it and seemed very rickety . My son also gashed his foot on the sharp edge of the springs when he landed a bit outside of the center . Also very noisy . Then , with my 39-lb 3 yr old jumping on it one of the legs just fell off at the weld and the trampoline tipped over . It 's irreparable and going into the garbage . At least my kids jumped on it almost every day for 5 months , but it surely is not a quality product as it fell apart without an adult using it .
 I MADE THE MISTAKE OF ORDERING THIS ITEM , ONLY TO BE DISSAPOINTEDAND TOTALLY UPSET AT HOW THE COMPANY DECEIVES CUSTOMERS BY RATINGTHIS PIECE OF EQUIPMENT AS AN ITEM USED AT GYMS . ARE YOU KIDDING ME?WHEN MY HUSBAND PULLED IT OUT OF THE BOX THE ODOR WAS HORRIFIC AND HADTO PUT IT OUTSIDE IN ORDER TO PUT IT TOGETHER . THE BANDS THAT HOLD THELEGS STARTED BREAKING OFF AND THE SAFETY BAR CAUSED MORE PROBLEMS AS IT ` SVERY FLIMSY AND NOT STABLE . I HAD TO SPEND $ 30.00 TO RETURN ITEM AND HAVEBEEN WAITING OVER 2 MONTHS FOR MY CREDIT .
 Trampoline arrived without the handle . Daughter 's birthday is in 2 days so no time to return and wait for a new one . Do n't want to give her because now we need to send it back . Thanks for ruining the birthday gift .
 i havent even used it yet , The video workout dvd 's that came with it will not work in my dvd player or my computer . I am very disapointed but i didnt know who to call . It would be great if you could help me out and then i could give a better review . Thanks , wynona Flud
 I have purchased TWO Urban Rebounders . The SAME PROBLEM has occured with both . The TAB -LRB- strip -RRB- that is attached to the mat and holds the springs , has become detached each time . I used the first rebounder for less than ONE YEAR-it pulled apart in two places . The second UR was used less than THREE WEEKS and became detached also . -LRB- My son and I both weigh under 200 lbs. , so weight limit is not an issue . -RRB- I would like to offer the following SUGGESTIONS
 I recently rec 'd the Urban Rebounder . The top of the handle bars , where the padding is , does not fit together . One bar is supposed to fit inside the other and lock . Since the two bars or tubes are the exact same size , one does NOT fit into the other . They are now just hanging in mid-air . I have contacted the company numerous times . They told me to take a picture and e-mail them a copy of proof of purchase , which I did . They said they were unable to download it ... so I sent it to several other people , including myself ! , and it downloaded perfectly . So I resent it to them 3 times and have yet to receive any response . I have called them twice now . The customer service for this company is terrible . You can see from these reviews how many people have problems with this product .
 I purchased this for my wife , who is much smaller and lighter than me . Somehow it was too hard for her , and yet when she bounced on it , her feet went almost all the way to the ground . Also , the foam it was packed with somehow bonded to the paint , and there were white blotches all over it that were not removable . I tried scrubbing them and using my fingernails , but they were permanent . After sharing our disappointment with a colleague , he said that if we were serious about buying a rebounder , to get one that , instead of springs all the way around , that could potentially hurt if you mis-stepped , to get one that had what is essentially a bungee-cord winding back and forth between the trampoline surface and the steel rim . He said these are much gentler and easier to use , but they are a lot more money , on the order of three times what this one cost . We have not yet taken that particular plunge . If this one works for you , then it 's sure a lot cheaper . It did n't work for us .
 The trampoline is very squeaky . A spring is not hooked properly & it seems impossible without some time of tool to fix it . I received this product & received only 3 of the promised 6 DVD 's . None of the DVD 's work . I wanted to return the DVD 's in exchange for working ones but Amazon would not let me do this . The only way to exchange was to send back the trampoline & the DVD 's . This is incredibly inefficient , a waste of gas & resources & a huge cardboard box that will sit in a landfill for thousands of years . A simple envelope to exchange the DVD 's would be much more efficient & environmentally friendly.The trampoline does not easily fold up for storage .
 I ordered this `` new '' and it arrived in a twice or more used torn up poorly packaged box.Still hoping it would all be there considering torn holes in ragged box but NO !!! , MISSING PART AND BUSTED SPRINGS ! Then I have to go through all this hassel to RETURN IT as there was NO RETURN LABEL PACKING SLIP INCLUDED ! TERRIBLE SERVICE AND CARE !!!!
 I purchased the Urban Rebounder in March 2010 . In June , the stitching that held the metal to the springs broke . I called the service center . They asked me what I was doing when it broke . I told them I was jumping . I was told that the Urban Rebounder was not made for jumping . The warranty was void because I jumped on the mini-trampoline . I weigh 160 and was on the 300 pound model . If you want to jump , do n't buy the Urban Rebounder .
 I 'm a little upset , as the model that came to me was the one with the black and red cover . My Mom had ordered one about a week and a half ago through amazon , and hers looked like the blue one in the photo that is of higher quality!I 'd read a review from someone on here that stated that there was some styrofoam residue on the cover . Of course , feedback is subjective . For some reason , the models with the black covers `` stuck '' to the styrofoam packaging , and it 's quite unsightly . They were absolutely right ! It looks as if I 'd have to literally scrape or scrub the residue off the cover . Let 's just say that I 'm not impressed . Very cheap looking . Had I not seen and tested the one my Mom had rec 'd from amazon , I would n't have ordered at all . She was intersted in seeing a presentation of the `` Today Show , '' and has been very happy with hers . Just be advised !! I 'll be doing a return , and reordering in the hopes that I 'll get one EXACTLY like hers , that would resemble the one on this webpage !
 Be warned the instructions clearly call for two people to open and fold the trampoline , so for those of you who live alone , you are out of luck.And trying to handle it yourself is a dangerous proposition , not at all recommended.The product should be re-designed so it is easier to open and fold , and the advertising should make the `` two person '' requirement very clear .
 I bought this for my ten-year old autistic son who wants to bounce all day long.Like most cheap exercise equipment , I think this thing is made for people who buy it for a New Year 's resolution , use it for one week , then put it in the garage . If , however , you need a rebounder that will be used for hours every day , this is NOT the one to buy . I purchased two of these over five months and they have both fallen apart . The problem both times was that the springs are attached to the mat by some straps sewn onto the mat . Well , these straps either fell out at the seams or tore . Also , the fabric spring cover fell apart both times in the first week or two.The smell was pretty bad but it did disappear after a week or so.There is one other problem . The black rubber feet left horrible black marks on my white carpet . I had to buy a rug to place under it to prevent further stains . The rubber feet eventually tore apart too.Did my son simply use it too heavily ? Maybe . But surely one ten-year old -LRB- normal body weight -RRB- should be able to use this thing for more than a few months without it falling apart.Very disappointed .
 Let me start by saying that this equipment is really , REALLY fun . I jumped for about 1.5 hours the first day I got it . Along with three DVD 's and fitness bands , it seemed like a great deal.I ignored the fact that the spring cover was ripped when the item arrived . I also ignored that springs kept coming unhooked and are damned hard to hook back . But , then the mat broke . On the first day . The mat ripped and a spring flew off , and this time no amount of grunting and groaning was going to get it stretched back into place -LRB- the section connecting the mat to the spring was torn completely free -RRB- . Poor craftsmanship that I will now have to PAY to return.I would have really loved this item if it had n't been constructed so poorly.Edited to say
 When first time used , two rivets broke causing separation of the two parts at frame pivot folding structure . Poor quality , bad design , this item should be inspected by the consumer safety group.In addition , unit has very strong odor like a kerosene . Of course made in China . I have returned this item without any issue and have my money back .
 I 'm under 200 lbs and yet in under a year the stitching holding the tabs to the mat have come off entirely in one spot and looks ready to come off in a second . The real shame is that I neglected to use it with any great frequency initially and and now that I 'm in a good work out regimen it 's come undone . Even folded up it 's a waste of space .
 We just received this today , or rather yesterday -LRB- as of my writing this -RRB- . The kids and we the parents were looking forward to using it . We purchased it via an employee discount for under $ 30 . Great deal with free shipping . However , some quick notes as I was setting it up . The straps that hold the legs folded broke . 4 of them . This thing has 6 legs . 6 straps . 4 broke . o.OSo I keep at it , and the legs seem flimsy . Flimsy to the point that when I set it up standing , 2 of the legs , 1 more than the other , look as if they are leaning . I honestly look at it , without anyone jumping yet , and think this thing will fall forward and I 'll do a face plant into the TV . The stabilizing bar is loose . When Ijump and hold it , it seems as if I were to hold it while jumping , and lean ever so slightly forward , I 'll do a face plant , not only by the bar falling , but the legs buckling too . Jumping does n't give me much confidence either . It feels as though there is a hole right int he middle . IF you jump in the absolute center , it has a lot of play in the bounce . slightly off center , and its much more firm . I also noticed that one of the springs was off . Maybe that was the cause . Did n't try after fixing it.We saw this on an online/broadcast vendor presentation and it did n't seem as flimsy . We are considering to return it , but the stupid s/h would probably be more than we spend on the thing , so we may just keep it , or yard sale it.I can honestly say one of my children 's toddler trampolines felt sturdier.For under $ 30 , its an `` eh '' kinda purchase . For $ 80 or more , I 'd be very pissed.To top it off , my 6yo was doing light jumping , up and down with the stabilizer bar , and she already twisted her knee . What she has n't done in soccer , or any other sport , she twisted her knee in under 5 minutes . wonderful . .
 The urban rebounder seemed constructed well . My 9 year old started doing the workouts with the DVD and within a month , three straps had broken making it unsafe to bounce on . They are sending us another mat . The return was easy .
 I purchased the Urban Rebounder after having purchased several less expensive trampolines that broke within months . My 130 pound daughter used the Urban Rebounder for workouts . After our bad experiences with previous trampolines , she knew that she had to be pretty careful if we wanted this one to last . Despite this , springs from the UR began breaking within about 6 months . Eventually we had to throw it away . I ca n't even imagine what would have happened if a 200 pound person were to use this . I have yet to find a trampoline that holds up for any reasonable period of time . We will probably buy another UR because my daughter loves using it but I will definitely buy it from a store where I can also buy an extended warranty because I have no doubt it will need to be returned within 6-9 months .
 I grew up with a rebounder and love working out on it together with music , so was excited to buy my own . It feels easy , but is great for fitness , fun , and fat burning.However , after using it most mornings for about 4 months , the rubber `` feet '' on started falling apart one by one -LRB- so that the metal pokes through and ruins the carpet -RRB- , and now I have to buy another rebounder . :-LRB- I weigh less than 150 lbs , so that does n't say much for the quality of this particular rebounder ! This time I 'll buy a different brand !
 The canvas on the center of the rebounder was ripped when I received it . I called to return the rebounder and was told that I was responsible for the return shipping fees . After spending another $ 28.00 to ship the rebounder back , I vowed never to purchase something so heavy from the internet without reading all the fine print . They offer warranty services , but I was not happy with the overall quality of the rebounder and did not want to keep it . It moves around on it 's legs as you are jumpin and the stabilizing bar moves several inches either way which made me very nervous . I thought for the price , this was going to be a high quality item . It did not appear to be high quality to me - at least not enough to warrant the high price tag -LRB- plus the extra shipping to return it ! -RRB- .
 I purchased this item based on other customer reviews and was extremely disappointed . The quality is very poor . One of the hinges was actually already broken when I opened the box . I would n't have given it even 1 star but you 're forced to do so to submit a review .
 While I thought the product was high quality and strong , the outgassing was incredibly toxic . HSN , where I bought it , said they had never heard of this before , however , when I contacted Urban Rebounder , they did acknowledge that they 've had complaints occasionally . The solutions did n't work for me , so they did take the product back . I appreciate the excellent customer service , and I hope this issue can be remedied , because I think it 's a great product and a great way to bring up heart rate and have fun while doing so .
 I purchased this new in March , 2010 . It was used 2-3 times/week average . The fabric that holds 2 of the springs broke today and it is now junk . I would give it no stars . More shoddy workmanship from China .
 This is our second trampolin workout system . The first one from another manufacturer , lasted 4 months . I thought that was short , but when this last one after 2 days started to brake I could not believe it.I just have to check more reviews before buying the next one .
 I love rebounding on this . However , I have problems with the leg springs falling off every time I go to fold in the legs . I contacted Urban Rebounder company and ordered more springs , only to have them send me the wrong ones all 4 , times . I have contacted them again to tell them they 're the wrong ones . I just got replacement springs again and you guessed it , still the wrong ones . I now have 10 of them !!! I 'm wondering if they do n't make the springs anymore , as I have had my rebounder for about 4 years . Anyway , I have had no luck getting the replacement parts right . Does anyone out there need springs?UPDATE
 My kids love their rocket launcher but the blue fins come off way too easy and make the rocket useless .
 Finger paint is supposed to be thick and gloppy -- that 's what makes it so satisfying to smoosh around on the paper . It 's also supposed to be richly pigmented and glossy , thereby providing a fun visual and tactile experience . This ` finger paint ' is thin -- more the consistency of poster paint , and the color is weak . As soon as my children spread the paint around on the paper the color all but disappeared . We were left with a watery mess with the barest hint of green . What a disappointment ! I have written to the company and am waiting a response . Meanwhile , I 've ordered a different brand of finger paint . If you want your kids to have the joy of smooshing and swirling thick , glossy , colorful paint , avoid this product.update
 The idea behind this learning toy is great . However , the way it works can be very confusing and frustrating for a child . The toy presents a math equation to be solved -LRB- e.g. 2 +2 -RRB- , then you have to WAIT until the button representing the answer lights up -LRB- e.g. 4 -RRB- . The toy will light the numbered buttons randomly one at a time . If you hit the button corresponding to the correct answer prior to the button lighting up , then the toy tells you that you got the answer wrong - it just flashes `` WRONG '' `` WRONG '' ... It 's confusing because my child was n't sure whether he got the answer wrong was because he did the math wrong or because he did n't get the timing right of hitting the button . For simple addition and subtraction , our objective is speed - hit the answer as soon as you figure out the answer . I 'm not convinced there 's much benefit in waiting for the right button to light up .
 When this toy worked , my 6 year old son loved it . I agree with the other reviewers that it would be easier and more fun if the kids did n't have to wait for the correct answer , but once he got the hang of it , my son did not seem to care . However , after using a couple of times it is not working . I thought it was the batteries , changed those but it is just broken . There is nothing obvious to show why -LRB- evidence of the kids being too rough with it -RRB- . I first called Learning Resources and they would n't help me because it was bought off of Amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB- Personally , I think thats a little rude . My other option is throwing the toy in the trash .
 We are working to make math fun for our son -LRB- 7 years old , 2nd grade -RRB- , and this only frustrated him.When you know the answer , you have wait for the button with the right answer to light up . For instance , if the answer is `` 2 '' you may have to wait for 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , and 0 to light up before the 2 lights up . That is very frustrating for a kid who knows the answer and wants to move onto the next question.I 'd skip it .
 After trying other math toys where you had a twist knobs to enter an answer , this toy seemed superior in that you could quickly hit the correct answer with the mallet . Because they 've tried to make this more `` fun '' by only accepting the correct answer when the numbers light up , there is a lot of time sitting there waiting for the numbers , and NOT much time actually drilling math facts . Additionally , I was disappointed because some of the questions are formatted in a more complicated way giving you 7 x ? = 35 . This could have been a really terrific speed drill game , but wound up being complicated and frustrating for my kids who are still learning the answers . They ca n't deal with not only having the correct answer but getting it when it lights up , before the time is out , AND having to hit `` enter '' after they put their numbers in . ALSO , this game is very big , measuring 8.5 '' x 15 '' . I will say that it seems to be well made . Do n't expect it to replace good old fashioned flashcards .
 Great idea , horrid product.Kids have to push or hit the answer when the number is illuminated . But the correct number may never be illuminated . Then your kid gets a `` WRONG '' . I watched this happen numerous times including twice in a row . Likewise , it may go on so long before the right answer is illuminated that it is boring.The levels progress way to rapidly . In Level 1 addition , it mixes one and two digit answers . So you get 0 +1 and then 9 +9 in the same grouping . Then when you move up to level 2 addition , it start asking things like what is 78 + ? = 82 . Finally , this is a fragile toy even though it is supposed to be struck .
 I bought this thinking it would get my children excited about math but the complete opposite happened . The toy tells them they got the answer wrong repeatedly , even when they get it correct . My children became very discouraged because of this . I am throwing it away and wo n't even think about giving it away or selling it to discourage somebody else 's child !
 I do not like this . Bought for my 8 year old to practice math facts and she does not like it either . You have to wait for the number to light up before you can hit the answer and move on . There is way too much time to sit and wait and wait and then wait more . A kids attention span is just not long enough . This will not improve speed or provide fun . It appears to be well built and sound is good quality .
 We have also found the product to make mistakes -- saying an answer was `` wrong '' even when it was the correct answer and the number was struck within the allotted -LRB- very short -RRB- time frame . This happened over and over again . Very frustrating , and even if it had worked well , not very educational because of what others have noted about having to wait for the correct answer to be highlighted . Your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 I need multiple Bingo cards for over 125 students , so I was looking for a packet . The description here is sorely lacking - I decided to go with another vendor , because it does n't say how many cards you get . Too bad . They look nice but the product description is not good .
 The front loader has too much plastic on it . 10 years ago it would have been made mainly of metal and very little plastic used . Of course today it is all about maximizing profits at the sake of durability . Steer Clear . There are still products like this made from metal on the market and I would rather pay a little extra for the quality . Obviously Tonka has lost touch with its customer base .
 Cheap plastic paired with super thin sheet metal . But quite simply , the worst part of this toy is the plastic hinge used for the bucket lever . It was broken within a day , rendering the entire toy quite useless . Even prior to breaking , the bucket would n't stay elevated even under it 's own weight . I ca n't imagine what a full load of dirt would do.I would n't recommend this toy to anyone , period .
 Paid for gift wraping -LRB- arrived in bag -RRB- daughter-in-law said it was very cheaply made and saw this same truck at Kohls for $ 35.00 very disappointed !!!!!!!
 I purchased this vehicle for my 2/year old grandson . After investing in the Might Tonka dump truck I foolishly assumed this toy would be of equal durability and value - especially in light of the investment of over $ 50 . It arrived in a crushed box , NOT in original packaging , and without an original receipt . A photocopy of a ` lifetime guarantee ' was tossed inside the box and the loader was sliding around along with some crumpled paper . The wheels are plastic , the decals are crooked and wrinkled , and I do not feel this at all lives up to the TONKA reputation . I am terribly disappointed and will NEVER buy this type of toy on line again as it is NOT at all what I expected . Buyer BEWARE !!!
 In the box this loader looks awesome . However the locking mechanism that holds the bucket from tipping down is made of plastic , and just does n't work . If you load the bucket anymore than a quarter to a half full of sand , it is too heavy and the bucket just tips forward . If the sand is at all wet ... forget about it . However reading all these other rave reviews , I wonder if mine is just defective . I have great memories of Tonka trucks as a kid , but I am having a rough run with the new Tonka generation .
 I bought this toy because my 5 year old son really wanted it . We purchased this for Christmas and we were all looking forward to playing it . We were very disappointed in the product . You have to use an arm to flip the flies into the frog 's mouth which sounded easy enough . We found out that is was anything but easy . You had to push the arm just right in order to get a fly in the mouth . Too much , and it would go right over the mouth . You had to recognize how much is how much , and after 5 minutes my son -LRB- and myself -RRB- were fed up with trying to get 10 flies in the mouth . The 4 arms that attach to the mouth are not secure , you ca n't really move the game without everything falling off.I would definitly not recommend this game to anyone . After buying this product and re-reading the reviews , almost all of them say that the flies are hard to get in the mouth , I just did n't know HOW hard it was . Look elsewhere for a better game .
 Item ordered dec 6 . Item claimed to be shipped on Dec 9 . Item charged to my account and shipping for item charged to my account . Item was actually not in stock and never shipped . Now I have to wait 2 billing cycles to recieve my refund . I pay my credit card at the end of the month , so this item was paid in full , by me , and I never recieved it . Now I have to play the waiting game while this company took my money for an item they did not have in stock
 Our son was very excited when this came but because it was older , the batteries had corroded and did n't work . Sure wish he had n't ripped the ox or we would have returned it . Waste of money .
 The box was damaged -LRB- crushed corner -RRB- and the battery cover inside the mouth was missing . All the pieces flipped into the mouth dropped inside with the batteries , making it impractical to use .
 While this toy does n't offer much educational value , it is just plain , simple , old-fashioned fun and that 's why I purchased it . That 's what we 're missing in kid 's toys these days .
 I was all excited to get this game , I even asked my friend to bring it all the way from the States -LRB- and the box IS quite heavy -RRB- - but what a disapointment !! You totally can not play the Sport part -LRB- because most Q 's are about american football or baseball players -RRB- and some others , too . In general T.P. is a great game , but it seems Genus 4 edition is made for and only for American people .
 I wish they would make a Trivial Pursuit for teenagers , and one for adults . I really like the format and the idea behind the game . As a teenager , I really enjoyed the questions , but with this edition I find that the questions are way too easy . The attraction of a trivia game is being able to impress your friends with what you know or be wowed by what they know . If the questions are so easy it is just not competitive . Some of the questions even contained lame hints to the answer ! I tried to salvage my ... investment by buying the Know-It-All cards , but I was disappointed with those , too . I am not a PhD , there should be at least a few questions in a trivia game that do not insult me with their obviousness . You Do n't Know Jack has much better questions , and is a lot more fun overall .
 The movie was false advertisement . No real jungle animals came out when I played this game . I was extremely disappointed . Save your money !
 It is pretty hard to do especially if you have small hands . I would not recommend . It was disappointing but it gave me extra balls for my cups and balls routine .
 This toy is not as great as i thought , my son loves playing with steering wheels , I bought this one cause the one that he had was broken , but he rather play with the broken one than with this toy .
 This is another that the kids all want when they see the commercial . It looks like it would be a blast . Do n't bother . It 's just not fun . It 's hard for kids to get the ice cubes in right & the little hammers are junk . With very little use , a couple of ours actually broke.I either put this away permanently or I threw it away . I ca n't remember which.This is junky garbage.Don ' t buy this .
 I 'm really surprised this game has almost a five star rating . I got this for my two girls a couple years ago when they were six and four years old . They love hitting the ice and seeing who does it the fastest , but that 's the only plus for this game . You constantly have to set it back up after each game which takes a couple minutes once you find all the pieces that have fallen on the floor or rolled across the room . The set up alone is a pain , putting it away is a pain , and it 's a noisy game . You get what you pay for ... junk . Needless to say , I got rid of it .
 The noise of the hammers hitting the plastic blocks can be ear piercing . We put little felt pads on the hammers . Still works just as well , but avoids the loud CLACK . Young children may not have the dexterity or finger strength to reset the game after each round . I think there are better classic toy choices that teach similar mechanics such as Jenga , Ker Plunk , and Do n't Spill the Beans .
 Fitting in all of the blocks of ice for less than a minute of actual game time quickly becomes tiresome for the person putting it together . Also , if any of the blocks of ` ice ' get lost the game would be useless . Not a good idea for a toy being used by a 3 year old . The kids thought pounding on the cubes was fun , especially when several blocks fell at once but I fail to see what educational value the toy has for the 5 and under set when all they want to do is see the bear fall through . This is one I 'd like to hide on a high shelf .
 This game fails to hold interest for my three and five year old girls.It 's a classic and they 're still excited to play when we bring it out , but they tire within two rounds , which only last about 30 seconds each . Left to their own , they would just like to pound all the ice cubes out as fast as possible , but since it takes a minute or so for an adult to setup , it 's not really fun for anyone . There 's never any surprise or challenge as to which cube will cause the bear to fall , so it basically feels like a complicated plastic tic-tac-toe game . On our set , the plastic is poorly finished , so the bear does n't stand/skate in the slot he 's meant to . Perhaps it 's better to wait till they are old enough for Operation or Kurplunk . For now , PopUp Pirate is the family favorite . If you have other suggestions , please leave a comment .
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson . The `` ice '' does n't stay put when you turn it right side up . He gets really frustrated after spending all that time putting each ice cube in then they just fall out . Pretty disapointing .
 I have a 3 year old and it can be difficult to find games that are n't too difficult for her but still fun for the rest of us . My kids , ages 6 and 3 , were totally excited to play this game as was I until we discovered that you spend more time putting the cubes into the frame than you do actually playing . It 's a real pain to put all the little ice blocks in the frame and honestly the last row of blocks is too difficult for the kids . Then , all the kids do is take turns hammering out cubes until the bear falls . My kids seem of pretty average intelligence and this game provided almost no challenge to them or even learning as far as I could tell . They both knew exactly when the bear would fall and that 's really only fun once or twice . I think we played it about four times in the past year . I hate to be down on any kind of game that brings the family together or gets kids involved in something away from the tv/computer , but this game is just annoying to set up and dull to play .
 I 'm still not sure what exactly these phones were supposed to do , but I threw them away a few days after Christmas . Do not waste your money , they do n't work the way they state on the package .
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY IN REFERENCE TO THE OTHER REVIEWERS IS , DITTO.THESE PHONES ARE AWFUL , I BOUGHT ONE SET AND THEN RETURNED IT FOR ANTOHER SET AND BOTH WORKED EXACTLY THE SAME , NOT AT ALL.IT IS VERY DISAPPOINTING TO SEE YOUR LITTLE ONES OPEN A CHRISTMAS GIFT , GET VERY EXCITED AND THEN HAVE IT NOT WORK . STAY AWAY FROM THESE PHONES . TOO BAD CONSIDERING LITTLE TIKES USUALLY HAS GREAT PRODUCTS .
 We have had the same issues as the other reviewers . This toy is designed too small for a three year old , the reception is horrible , and the phones do n't ring each other . My boys actually played with these more before I put the batteries in . I ca n't believe Little Tikes actually claims these toys ! They are junk . A really cute idea , but they must not have tested them before selling them .
 This was a Christmas present for my 2 & 5 year olds . I 'll have to agree with all the other reviews . This product does n't work well . My kids were so excited to play with these but quickly became frustrated . I would not recommend buying this toy .
 I am so sick of Little Tikes fake promises ! This toy was such a complete fraud and let down for my little boy ! Beware if you choose to purchase these cute looking phones - you might as well flush your money down the drain!Angry Mom and consumer in San Francisco !
 The fact that this company can continue to produce such a piece of utter junk is beyond comprehension , I believe they work on the premise that it 's `` ONLY '' $ 20 and no one will bother to really kick up a stink about it . Vote with your wallets people - do NOT buy this glorified toy . Your $ 20 is better spent on something that works as it should .
 As the other reviewer experienced , the reception was awful . My girls could barely hear each other over the static . Plus , when you tried to `` ring '' the other phone , the wrong phone rang -LRB- the one you were dialing from -RRB- . This was one of my daughters ' Christmas presents , and we were all very disappointed !
 Can I give this negative stars ? We got this gift as a Christmas present , my daughter -LRB- and I -RRB- loved the concept - but from the moment we opened it , it would not work . I called the company who said there was nothing they could do unless we had the receipt . They were not friendly and certainly not helpful . Since we got it as a gift from out of town relatives , we are out of luck . What a waste of plastic . This is the last Little Tikes product I will buy .
 This toy could have been great fun , but it 's not at all . As with the others here , I know this toy is a waste of money and time . I 've had great luck with all other Little Tikes toys , too bad they really dropped the ball on this one . I think the company should offer to buy back ALL of the sets they sold , but I do n't imagine that will ever happen . I certainly wish I had wasted money on this !
 This was a gift for a children for Christmas and they did not work .
 My daughters received this toy as a Christmas present . The concept is certainly wonderful ; we were all very excited to use the phones . We wound up very disappointed . The first set we had did n't work . One phone 's receiver was dead . We exchanged them at Toys-r-us without a problem . We should have gotten our money back ! The next set worked , just not very well . Only a few of the buttons actually push , which was a disappointment for the kids . The phones have a dial that clicks each one on and controls the volume . The girls NEVER remember to click them off . There are adapter ports , but the girls wanted to move from room to room as they played . The reception is very poor . The box says they are receptive up to 300 feet , but the girls had trouble understanding each other when they were in neighboring rooms . We love the idea , hate the product .
 Not that I am typing anything new , but what a disappointment . My daughter cried for an hour because I could n't get this cool idea of a toy to work . Too bad 4 year olds actually want to play with their toys rather than pretend they really work . Thumbs down to Little Tikes , they failed miserably on this one . Save your money , do n't buy this ... or spend more and buy your kids , grandkids ... whatever some cool walkie-talkies so they can actually talk to each other and play . Brand new , this toy does not work AT ALL .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday Dec. 31 . He cried and cried when I told him it had to go back because it was broken . Flat out - the toy does not work . The other phone does not ring when you call it - your phone rings , you can not hear the other person talking - when it works at all -LRB- which is rarely -RRB- it sounds like the worst drive-through speaker you 've ever encountered . I 've been waiting for months for this toy to come out , and I honestly do n't see how it made it onto the shelves because it 's not like it does n't work great , it does n't work AT ALL . Big disappointment , and I will definitely think twice before getting another little tykes brand . We were disappointed last year with their phone with answering machine too . I 'd actually give it a zero star rating if that was a choice .
 As others have stated , I have had the same problems . Save you money and look for something better . I usually try to test the toys out before giving it to my kids so as to avoid the disapointment . I also returned two sets of phones and will be looking elsewhere for a better set . It would be a great toy if it worked .
 This is a dad review . What a Christmas bomb this was ! Our boys -LRB- 2 & 5 -RRB- love telephones and my wife and I thought what a great gift idea . Wrong . Where do I begin ? First , who at Little Tykes designed the hand pieces ? Did they actually think to measure the head size of a three year old child ? The mouth piece ends up on the cheek of most children , blocking the already pathetic reception these toys have . My wife and I tried them at 10 feet -LRB- putting our mouth up to the transmitter -RRB- with only occassional static bursts for voice . This is with brand new eveready alkaline batteries in . They immediately went to the shelf and I will try to send back for a refund . Save your money and use two cans and a string , it will work better .
 I bought this toy for my 2 and 4 year old for Christmas and they were very disappointed that it did n't work at all . The phones are supposed to ring each other -LRB- which they do n't -RRB- and you can barely hear the person on the other phone . There 's no way to change frequencys like with most walkie-talkies . We are taking it back . It 's too bad , my kids would have really liked this !
 My 3 year old daughter got this toy for Christmas . We had trouble with them right from the start . We could never get them to work as walkie talkies . All we heard was static . The battery goes dead all of the time because she would forget to turn them off . And she was frustrated that only a few of the buttons could be pushed -LRB- the rest are fake -RRB- . She gave up , and has n't touched them since . What a waste of money !
 Like others-we unwrapped these on Christmas morning to discover they did not work-instead of ringing the other phone , only one of them would ring and that only happened once . Total waste .
 My son just received this toy for his birthday and they do not work at all . And when he went to push some of the buttons on this phone - they literally fell inside the phone . I packaged them up and they are going back tonight - thank goodness for gift receipts !!
 I agree with the other reviews . These phones are terrible . We could hear nothing but static.Do not recommend !!!
 We bought this toy for our 17 month old who loves ` talking ' on the phone . We opened it on Christmas morning and I immediately put some batteries in . What a disappointment!First thing I noticed is that 6 of the 10 buttons are glued in place . I expected each button to make a beep , but nothing.Second thing we discovered is how poorly the walkie talkie function works . It took us several tries and it seems to work sometimes , but not others . Even with the volume maxed it is very difficult to hear the other person and the ringer only sounds in the handset.Third it is poorly constructed . We boxed it back up and are returning it this week . Luckily grandma got him another phone toy that works much better .
 I just want to confirm , this product is back on shelves and , apparently , has not received any improvement . I bought a set for my 2 and 4 year olds for Christmas , and fortunately had the foresight to test them before I wrapped them up.As others have already mentioned , these phones do n't work like the product description says . When you push one of the three buttons that actually works , your own phone rings . I could not get my set to work as walkie talkies at all.I am disappointed because this concept was so great , and if they functioned I know my kids would love them . They are going back to the store tonight .
 I bought these last Christmas for my son since he loves to pretend talk on phones . This looked like such a great toy , but I have to agree with the other reviewers -- what a bust ! I do n't think these EVER worked right . This was so suprising , with the great track record Little Tikes has ... I love most of their products . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It should be no shock that this toy was short-lived in stores . I think Little Tikes knew they had a lemon and removed it as soon as possible -- or as soon at the holiday rush ended & they had made their money . It is horrible !! As other reviewers have stated , the sound quality is terrible . Little Tikes should be ashamed of themselves for putting such a poor quality item on store shelves . This toy is junk . I would n't even pay 50 cents for it at a yard sale.Follow up/review addendum
 Great idea but ... The battery connection for these are wrong so the batteries dont fit correctly which means the phone doesnt work right . I contacted Little Tikes and they do NOT manufacture this product . It is made by Kids Station for Little Tikes so they told me to contact them . I contacted the company and they said they 'd send me a new set . Hopefully this time it works !
 Even though , as everyone else has pointed out , the reception is bad , and you can only push some of the buttons -LRB- WHY ? -RRB- and the batteries die constantly from being left on ... my almost 3 year old still really likes to pretend conversations on these phones . The fun of hearing his pretend conversations is worth at least $ 10 to me ! LOL . I am glad however , that I got this on a buy one get one free promotion with another Little Tikes toy that we like . I do agree , this is far below typical Little Tikes quality .
 I purchased this set for my daughter 's 4th birthday tea party thinking it would be cute and usable for her party . Well it is cute , but definitely not usable . It was soooo tiny that you would be lucky to get a sip of tea in the cup or a piece of valentine heart candy on the plate . I expected a miniature tea set but not a microscopic one . This set would only be good for serious pretend play for a child 2 or younger , even a three year would probably want something a little larger .
 My son enjoyed this toy while it was working but it did n't last very long ! After about six months it just quit working ! Of course I thought it just needed new batteries but that did n't do the trick !
 This looked like a good toy for my 2 yr old . I ordered it for his birthday . It arrived in perfect timing but this did not work even when I changed batteries . I contacted the seller B and A computers but they did not even respond back to me . So overall the experience was very bad with the toy and the seller . I will never buy anything from the seller B and A computers .
 This item was purchased for my son for Christmas . When opened it did n't work , we changed the batteries and still nothing !! Very dissapointing for a two year old that loves making music . Also purchased for Christmas , the Electric Guitar with Mic stand ... Also did not work , even after changing batteries . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I could n't wait to get this for my 18 month daughter . Much to my disappointment , I get it and it does n't work . I returned it and received a replacement . That one also did n't work . I am in the process of returning it and wo n't ever buy from Amazon.com again .
 I do n't have this particular toy , but did have another piano with the Little Tikes name plate made by Kid Station.What a piece of junk ! It died less than a month after we got it ... and the customer service team at Kid Station is USELESS.Do yourself a favor ... buy another product .
 What a fun little piano ! My son 's Papa got it for him for Christmas this year -LRB- I have a 4 year old , a 2 year old and a 3 month old -RRB- . My two older ones love it . The only problem that I see is that there is no way to teach the kids how to play music . While it 's fun to hear them being creative , playing their own `` tunes '' , I wish there was some way that the `` unmusical '' parent could teach the child how to play actual songs . I think that colored dots on the keys would do quite nicely , then Little Tikes could include a small songbook that has coordinating colored dots to teach how to play a simple song . I have seen it done with other piano toys , so I know it can be done . Otherwise it is a pretty clever way to disguise a plain old keyboard ! Oh , and as an aside , I have several toys that have volume control issues like this toy does , which is solved simply by covering the speaker holes with a piece of clear packing tape . It allows just the right amount of sound through , and if you do it while the babies are napping , they ca n't even tell !
 Little Croc worked fine in the store but when we opened it up on Chirstmas Day it did not work . We changed the batteries and it still did n't work .
 Hi , I do n't say ToysRus is not a big firm , but if you buy thru amazon , be prepared to wait . I 've been waiting for 35 days . Christmas has passed , new years has passed , still another 10-15 days for estimated delivery.So be aware . .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with some of the other comments that I read - I think the quality of the product is pretty low . My daughter who turned 2 when her grandma bought it for her , was a great gift . I enjoyed it too . It lasted for about a year actually , but then it stopped working - first sort of making a buzzing sound , then just stopped all together . I changed the batteries , like others did -LRB- several times -RRB- , but that was not the problem . My daughter did not misuse the toy - mishandle it or bang it around ... I always supervised since it was a nice gift from Grandma . I figured that there must be a loose wire , and maybe I could reconnect it . I tried to open the back - good luck ! I was able to get a handful of the tiny screws out of the bottom , enough to get a small flashlight and several fingers in while I looked around and there was not a single wire that had become loose or anything else . What could go wrong ? I wished it would have broken during the 90 day warranty period . I never told my poor mom that the gift stopped working . I just wrote to the Kid Station web site , but sounds like that wo n't do any good . I know this product is n't even available right now , but just wanted to let anyone know that might be thinking about buying it when it does come available . It all made me pretty sad .
 My 2 year old daughter loved this set and I thought it was a good deal for the price . However , the stethoscope , her favorite piece of the set , broke within less than a week . One of the ear pieces sheared off when she twisted it . I guess I 'll have to get her another -LRB- different -RRB- one . She 's pretty upset about this one being broken .
 Cheap , made in China junk . I should have spent a few bucks more and bought a solid set so I do n't have to worry about the toxicity . I dropped the ball ordering this one . Kids love vet sets in general but you can do much better than this .
 I found this toy to be a waste of money . It was hard for my five year old to close or put more than two things in it . It says it holds three barbie 's and cloths but then how do you close it .
 My daughter stuffed this cas chock full and off we went on vacation . It was all fine , until we opened the door to the car , pulled the case out and it exploded ! Barbie stuff everywhere . The cases were much more durable in the old days when they had metal clasps that actually held the thing closed .
 I was also not happy with this case , it does not stay closed . My daughter just uses it as a closet for her Barbie dolls . She just props it up and fills it with clothes . I 'm not sure if I can say another brand name or not but , the Bratz dolls have a case that is soft , zips closed and has pages for the clothes and accessories with transparent plastic pockets that close with velcro and all the clothes and dolls stay put . I wish the company would make a case like that for Barbie .
 I purchase this by the picture inside it shows little closet type places and a bar for hanging clothes , none if this is there , its cute but I would not recommand this procduct . the picture of the inside is false . It 's not even close .
 I ordered these cases for my grandaughters to store clothes and dolls . They are a very nice size but in my opinion , not even worth 10 dollars -LRB- much less 20 -RRB- . The first time I tried to close the case , my hand got pinched . Same fate for my husband . The case is ALL plastic and it would not last very long if at all . The ones I received already had stress points where cracking would eventually happen . The snaps to close and open are plastic , extremely hard to open and just overall a very cheap looking item . I found cases from other toy makers that put Mattell to shame .
 Thanks to those of you who reviewed this . . I WO N'T waste my money . I too remember the good old days when the clasp was metal and you could load up the case and it stayed shut . I 'll stick to plastic tubs that click closed and allow you to see inside . Too bad Barbie/Mattel is missing a great money-maker by going cheap on quality !
 I purchased this product for my daughters because the item pictured in this product page looked exactly the same as the barbie case I already have for my 8 yr old and it is very roomy and works well to store her barbies and accessories . I compared every aspect of the four pictures on the product page to every angel of her case to make sure they were exactly the same and they were so I ordered four so both of my girls could have two ech for their dolls . The description on the page described the same case I had already also . First of all I received my package 3 days later than I was told and it was to be for Christmas . Then when I finally did get my package you can imagine my suprise when the barbie cases inside were nothing like the ones in the picture . For one they were a clam shell shape instead of the square shape like on the page . Next they were much smaller in size than what I was told I was getting so the whole purpose of me purchasing these was pointless . The quality is poor and had i known that I was n't getting the product I was shown on this page I would have never ordered them let alone four of them . As far as I am concerned this is false advertising and truely misleading to their consumers !!!! The worst part of all this is that I am stuck with a product that I do not want because there is no way to get in contact with the seller to resolve this matter and I do not have an option of getting my money refunded to me either . If I were aware of this before my purchase I would have never bought anything from this seller I would have choose someone else !!! If u are a consumer thinking about buying anything from this seller please be careful because what you get is not what they say they are selling !!!! I am a very disappointed person with this whole ordeal !!!! And so are my kids !!!
 I bought this for my 5-year-old granddaughter because she loves both Play-Doh and My Little Pony toys . We always do Play-Doh together , so it seemed like a no-brainer buy . But together we 've agreed that this is a really bad toy . And it 's even more dreadful when you consider the price.First , to get the Play-Doh through the holes that make the hair , you fill the pony 's legs with Play-Doh , then push the pony down on its stand . Seems easy enough , but when we tried , she could n't get the pony to move , and I could barely do so . And then , only a little bit of hair came out , despite having filled the legs almost entirely.On top of that , as one reviewer said , it 's a time-consuming pain to get the leftover Play-Doh off the stand , out of the pony 's legs , and out of the holes in the pony . And as another reviewer said , the stage does n't fit snugly into the mirror base . About the only thing that 's fun is making the pony twirl on the stage.What I strongly recommend instead is the Fuzzy Pumper Crazy Cuts Playset . It works much better , is easier to clean , and has three interchangeable hair styles for variety.The bottom line
 While my daughters enjoy making and decorating hair for the pony , I can assure you that getting the leftover playdoh out of the pony 's head is absolute torture . It look me 2 pencils , a butter knife , the scoopy thing that comes with the set and a LOT of patience to clean it out - otherwise , it hardens up there and the next time the child uses it , razor-sharp dried pieces will fall out . This set is not worth the effort .
 This toy was just a huge mess . It did not work like it was supposed to . I was very disappointed with this product .
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 I LOVE THE MY LITTLE PONY LINE BUT I HATE PLAYDOH . I THINK IT 'S MESSY AND GROSS AND IT MAKES ME WANT TO THROW UP ! IF IT WERE UP TO ME I 'D MAKE MORE NEW PONIES INSTEAD OF THIS GROSS SET !!! I WOUND N'T BUY THIS IF I WERE YOU!I 'M 12 BY THE WAY !
 I chose this as a Christmas gift for my father . The picture of the item I ordered did not match what arrived at my house . The packaging was in terrible condition , and this was purchased as a collectible . I can be fairly sure that the packaging was not the issue of Amazon , as everything else that arrived in the same shipment was in good condition . I feel that I was misled into purchasing a collectible item that turned out not to be collectible at all , due to the compromised packaging .
 This is not much to look at . Mine came with some small scratches on the plexiglass . The effect is not all that great .
 Yikes ! Santa needs to read some reviews before he shops . I bought -LRB- santa brought -RRB- this for my youngest son and he LOVED it , but it did n't work - none of the buttons did anything . How heart wrenching it is to have your little ones disappointed on Christmas morning by Santa no less ! We returned it to Toys R Us and they did n't have anymore . I came online to try to order one -LRB- so he can have his Christmas present in Feb ! -RRB- and saw all of these reviews ... Little Tikes needs to do something - I 'm going to look for their website next .
 SANTA GAVE THIS TO MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS ! HE WAS SOOOOO EXCITED UNTIL WE PUT THE BATTERIES IN AND IT DID NOT WORK . FURTHERMORE , THERE WAS A MISSING PIECE TO THE MICROPHONE STAND . HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT FOR MY SON ON CHRISTMAS !! LOOKS LIKE WE WERE NOT THE ONLY ONES .
 There is no mechanism by which the guitar could possibly work . We just purchased it and it has A -RRB- No speaker in it , B -RRB- No cord to attach it from its hole to the hole in the microphone stand , and C -RRB- No instructions that tell you how to use the microphone stand speaker as the speaker for the guitar music to come through . We bought TWO and neither one even remotely worked . The package says it plays music and is an electric guitar but this is patently false advertising . We will be returning it and would like additional compensation for our time and our son 's disappointment .
 We bought this for our 6 year old son and it was broke that day . The string knob broke off and you ca n't keep the microphone on the stand or keep it at the right level . We bought it because it we 've trusted Little Tikes name and the durability . This item is not made by Little Tikes it 's actually made by Kid Station . And $ 30 for it , it should be worth no more then $ 10 .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . We could n't get the screw out to put the batteries in . Once I finally got them in , I went to put the cord in to the guitar and found that the piece was jammed into the guitar so far I could n't plug it in . I took it back to the store and got a new one . Put the batteries in it and it did n't work . Took that one back and got another one . That one did n't work either . Unbelievable . I 'm done .
 THIS TOY IS VERY EDCATIONAL FOR MY 41/2 YEAR OLD SON . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE WHEN CHRISTMAS CAME AND WE OPEN FOR THE FIRST TIME WE COULD NOT GET THE SREW OUT TO PUT THE BATTERY IN . THEIR WERE 5 FAMILY MEMBER TRY AND EVEN THE DEPARTMENT MANGER TRIED WHEN I WENT TO RETURN . I FEEL THAT TOYSRUS SHOULD SEND MY SON SOMETHING FOR HIS DISAPPIONTMENT ON CHRISTMAS DAY , IF IT 'S NONTHING BUT A COUPON OFF HIS NEXT PURCHASE . WHY DO N'T ASK THEM NOT TO PUT THE SREWS IN SO TIGHT . THANK YOU , I PRAY FOR YOUR COMPANY . GOD BLESS . . SIGN A CONCERN PARENT . .
 We purchased this guitar for our son 's 4th birthday . It was exactly what he wanted , a guitar with a strap and a microphone , he was so excited and could n't wait to start jamming ! His excitement quickly dissolved into tears when he could n't get the microphone stand to stay put , or the microphone to stay erect . Because we kept fiddling with the stand/microphone the cord quickly broke off . All this happened within 10 minutes of opening the gift . The following day we retuned the guitar with the hope that we just happened to purchase a lemon , and this new toy would actually live up to the Little Tikes name -LRB- we have 4 children , so have lots of toy experience and realistic expectations -RRB- . Unfortunately this guitar turned out to be worse then the first one ! Not only did we have the same microphone stand and microphone issues , the plate on the bottom of the stand that holds in the batteries would n't stay on , and one of the guitar strings broke . Needless to say this toy is going back to the store , and we will NOT be getting another one . Three trips to the store later I am a dissapointed and frustrated mom . I would never , ever recommend this product to anyone , it is simply poorly made . Little Tikes should be ashamed , or maybe I should be ashamed for trusting their name means a quality product .
 This was a very cute toy . Initially , the only trouble was getting the microphone to stay at the adjusted level . We had a lot of fun with this toy for about an hour until the plug broke . This is a cheaply put together toy . Was very disappointed because the kids loved this toy . I can not find another guitar with real strings that comes with a microphone .
 My 31/2 year old daughter received this as a Christmas present and was so excited to play with it . We figured out that to get it to work with all the sounds and drums you had to turn on the power button on the guitar as well as on the microphone stand . We loved that this guitar had real strings . However , my daughter did n't quite get the idea that the plastic screws to adjust the strings actually affected the sound the strings make , so she continually turned them , and I had to keep adjusting them . In doing so one of the plastic screws snapped in half , and now the string hangs loosely and can not be tightened . We also have a problem with keeping the microphone stand adjusted to the height we desire . It has a knob to tighten it that does n't actually seem to do anything . Overall , it 's not a horrible toy , but it definately does not live up to the Little Tikes name .
 This is so amazing ... we also bought this guitar for Christmas and could not get the screws out . Not only that but , the mic stand broke as soon as it came out of the box . I too , returned it only to find that there were no more . I signed up to have it emailed when this item became available and upon reading these reviews and relooking at my own experience . I will not be buying this toy again . How disappointing ! All my son wanted for Christmas was a guitar and this is what he got . Shame on Little Tikes !
 We ordered this for our 5 year old son . The manufacturer states it is for 4 + and Amazon 's recommendation is that it is for 5-8 . We were shocked when it arrived . The box shows two 3-4 year old children on the box . In addition , the coloring which is different from that pictured is clearly for a younger child . While it may be a good item -LRB- we returned -RRB- , the age appropriateness must be adjusted . Sue
 I agree with all of these other reviews . I too bought this toy for my 21/2 year old son who loves to sing like Alan Jackson and was very disappointed when it did n't work . I had the same problems with screws and sound as the other writers . I was surprised to read that I was not the only one to have problems .
 As with the other reviewers , Santa delivered this toy for our 21/2 year old son . He was soooooo excited . Unfortunately , we first of all could not get the screws out of guitar to put the batteries in and then when we finally did get the batteries in , it does not work . When I tried to exchange it at Toys R Us , they are of course out of stock . There was a shopping cart behind the return counter at Toys R Us with 4 more of these that had been returned becuase they do not work . My son was soooooo disappointed . Shame on the toy companies for making such a faulty product that seems to have disappointed little children everywhere on Christmas morning . The company that manufactured this toy needs should be held accountable and make restitution .
 We have purchased a ton of Little Tikes toys ... all of which we were very pleased with . However , eventhough this toy is made my Kids Station , Little Tikes has put their name on it so the quality should be comparitive with their other toys ... this is not ! We are very disappointed at the cheap plastic and lousy `` noise '' that the microphone and guitar make . Little Tikes needs to stay away from musical instruments obviously !
 Beware ! I purchased three of these as Easter gifts for my three boys , who are big Naruto fans . After about 30 minutes of play , my youngest son reported that his wrist was BURNING . I promptly unstrapped the cuff from his wrist . The plastic was very HOT and there was a strong scent of burning plastic in the air . I opened the battery compartment -- the batteries were too hot to touch . I believe that had I not taken the batteries out they would have caught fire ! I will return these to Target ASAP . Watch out parents , this toy is not safe !!!
 Hey!Hey!Hey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineTake what 's mineHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shine.I 'm gon na take what 's mineYou 're gon na burn in my lightThey try so hard to followBut no one canInside you 're all so hollowYou understandHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my lightI gave and you take and I waited for you but I 've made a mistakeIt 's clear that your fear is so near because I see the look on your faceYou try to hold me under , I held my breathAlone and now you wonder , what I possessHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineYou 're gon na burn in the lightHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my lightYou 're gon na burn in my lightThey try so hard to followBut no one canInside you 're all so hollowYou understandHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my light
 This costume is cute , but its a little cheap looking . The fabric looks a lot thinner than in the picture . The boots and mittens are wonderful .
 Do you remember Eddie Munster ? from the famous tv 60 's show `` The Munster '' well this chewbacca looks just like the werewolf - toy animal - Eddie has . If you put it on a pyjamas you got it !
 This Chewbacca figure was part of the early wave of Kenner 's 12 '' Collector Series line . As much as I enjoyed collecting the ` 90s 12 '' figure line , I could barely bring myself to buy this goofy looking Wookie.Pros - The accessories - a crossbow and bandolier are detailed and look good.Cons - Everything else . Seriously , have you seen this thing ? It 's essentially a wire frame covered in hair . It does n't stand up , does n't do much of anything , and looks like roadkill wrapped around a wire hanger . It 's a flexible plush toy , not an action figure.The hard plastic 12 '' Chewbacca figure that came later was n't that great either , but it was way better looking than this fuzzball . I suppose I could see giving this to smaller kids looking for a cuddly Wookie to play with , but it looks ridiculous on the shelf next to the rest of the 12 '' Star Wars figures.Edition Notes
 As a big Who Wants To Be A Millionaire and Regis Philbin fan i was so glad that they put out the show on a handheld version so my parents gave it to me for a early Halloween present two years ago . I actually won the million the first week I had it . Now on to the bad news even though the packaging promises cartidges for this game three years have passed and still no cartridges have been made . I 've tried everything : ie e/mailing Tiger/Hasbro calling toy stores everywhere and just about everything . I think Tiger/Hasbro rushed this version and other non Millionaire games for the holiday season . This is one of the main Millionaire items I take to Disneyland to practice to play on the new Disneyland attraction of the same name called Play It . This is a good game and a good practice tool that should be taken on any Disneyland and/or Disney World trip Buy it if you can .
 I ordered the product as a gift for a friend 's birthday . It did not arrive on time and when it arrived I was asked to pay almost the price of the product in brokerage fees while I was told there were no extra cost for me . I did not accept the product and have not heard from a refund yet .
 This doll has a limited vocabulary and as such would not be a great purchase for someone wishing to grasp the basic fundamentals of the French language . It only has six stock phrases - and in all honesty these are a little patronising . `` I like to shop '' and `` When I grow up I want to be a fashion designer '' . At no point does this doll grunt `` 25 Euros '' to you whilst proffering half a pint of warm , flat generic Belgian lager in a lipstick smeared , chipped glass .
 Lizzie was beautiful for one week . We thought she needed new batteries . We changed them and Lizzie spoke for about ten minutes . She now mute . Just makes a weird noise .
 returned the first 2 that malfunctioned , only to get a third one that also malfuctions.Piece of junk . Save your money !
 While the concept of having various buildings from the cars move is a good one ... this toy is lackluster . Not very much to interact with . And the road/ramps are awkward - do n't really work well .
 My son used this lightly in our sandbox and it broke within a couple months . Wish it was much more durable . Bought a metal one off an online auction site .
 Although purchased item was delivered earlier than estimated , the product arrived with damage . Art cover was broken and squash down because Seller was not capable to pack the item in a box but rather shipped it in an envelop . Very disappointing - especially since this product could be rated as soon to be rare ! Comic is great !
 this truck was very disappointing ot in barely larger than a hot wheels i had to order a real tonks truck for my son this toy was definitly not worth the money and the wheels fell off in 2 days
 This is cute LOOKING but does not function , there is a crank handle and it does not turn . I bought 2 and they both are the same , no cranking ...
 Few things to consider so you stay away from it1 . the opening to mixing area is big/small enough to get the hand of your little one stuck in there ... 2 . the plastic material is brittle so on day two , of indoors , easy playing with it by my son , the front bumper broke resulting in a sharp edgeafter these two , its next stop was out the door ... was n't sure if it was straight up garbage or on to the blue recycling bin
 I was lead astray by the comments of others on this product . Tonka no longer makes a metal outdoor construction truck other that the dump truck so in reading reviews I was really impressed with all the talk of these are well made plastic but can take the punishing play . Well I will not buy nor would I recommend any of the bruder line of trucks . They are just plastic and with that very brittle plastic . My Grandsons were so excited when they unwrapped their new trucks at Christmas now not 2 month later they are falling apart . These toys are not cheap and in my opinion should last longer than 1 month and 14 days .
 Bruder needs to have real kids test their toys . After a couple days in the sand box both backhoe and bucket broke off . There are also a couple pinch points that cause some tears ...
 I was expecting more for paying so much for this toy . within a week of my sons birthday the gray piece that moves the shovel on the backhoe broke . The excavator that I paid $ 13.00 for at Target is still going strong . should have gotten all of my toys from Target . I would have saved a lot more money . Fun to look at not very durable .
 I bought this for my 3 year old son despite reading the reviews that it was somewhat fragile . It did n't last a week before the backhoe broke off the back . The loader did n't last much longer . It is a neat toy - it has a lot of detail and moving parts - so might be good for display or gentle play , but definitely not good for the sandbox .
 While a fun toy , this toy has already broken since my son 's first used only 10 days ago on his birthday . The loader part just broke off . Guaranteed , he has been using it in the sand box and at the beach and is not exactly easy on his toys.If you want a toy for inside the house , this will work great , but if you are looking for something durable for the beach or sand box , or if your child is relatively rough on toys , I do n't recommend this one.We have other Bruder toys that are much more durable than this one . So far , the yellow `` Bruder '' toys have been very disappointing in this house and do not stand up to the test of hard core playing outside .
 My 3 year old loves construction toys and loved this one - until the backhoe -LRB- small bucket part -RRB- broke off when playing in the sandpit . It is probably meant to be looked at , rather than played with in the way boys do . Disappointing .
 The toy is not as durable as I 'd hoped . The backhoe comes off constantly . It broke easily . Do n't recommend this .
 My four year old has a collection of these large Bruder toys . Bruder 's DVD babbles on about how they are `` just like the real thing '' - but to be frank , given the premium price , they look the part but are made from the thin plastic that does not stand up to the rigors of outdoor play . I 've given up on repairing them . Small items seem snap off with impunity and larger items just split -LRB- like the hopper beds on 2 dump trucks he has -RRB- . Though my son 's love for things Bruder continues - we are going to try and wean him off this brand and look for something more sturdier . As another reviewer mentioned - OK for indoors , but for sandbox and dirt pit areas , we suggest trying another brand .
 This front-loader was highly anticipated by my 4 year old . He played with it probably about 12 times before the bucket on the front snapped off . He was n't dropping it from the playset or crunching it with another truck , he was simply trying to use it as it is intended , to scoop up things -LRB- in this case , sand -RRB- . Its a great looking construction vehicle but I have to give it just one star because if it breaks this easily its not worth the money and it disappointed both of us .
 This product looks just like it does on its package . It came with two plasticsupport bars that are inserted just above both openings . It is lightweight and easy to handle . My 4-year old son loved it and even wanted to sleep in the day we got it . However , he was really frustrated when it would tip over or fall on him . The bottom part of the tent is lined with wire , easily bent , and does n't provide for a sturdy structure . I used some tape to secure it to the floor but it did n't stay put . It could use some reinforcement to stand in place .
 I thought that this would be a great gift for my three year old and my 16 month old to play in , but it really was n't . The only saving grace for this toy is that it has a giant picture of Diego on it . The structural design is extremely poor . It says pop up tent but all it is , is two small rods that you insert into the sides . These do NOTHING for the integrity of the tent . It collapses with a strong breath ! It actually trapped by 16 month old in it ! Out of desperation I cut a wrapping paper tube to fit across the top and hot glued it in , hoping that would keep the tent stretched out enough for the kids to play in , but that still did n't work , so I hot glued the bottom of the back of the tent to the base board of the wall . The front still caves in , but at least my kids can get out of it now . I would not buy this again , and would NOT recommend it to anyone !
 This product was a Christmas gift for my son . He asked for a space station and it looked like it came highly recommended . For the money I paid for it , it was horribly put together . The peices do n't stay attatched and it is cheaply made . I will never put that much money into a toy made of cheap plastic again . This was the one thing he asked for for Christmas and I am deeply disappointed at the horrible quality of it .
 I bought this as a gift for my 4 yr old nephew . He was thrilled when he opened the box , but when I started putting it together I noticed how poorly it was made . The doors on the rocket do n't close , the peoples arms do n't move , the rocket is very hard to put onto the arm like it 's shown on the box . My nephew was having fun playing with it but I was upset at how much I paid for it since it was n't working properly .
 My boys received this from their grandparents . My boys are 21/2 and 31/2 years old . they LOVED this toy and even chose this over a TV show the first few mornings we had it . That said , the toy is so cheaply made -LRB- in fact , it came broken -RRB- and after the first few times playing with it , it is so broken and now dangerous because of the sharp plastic from the breaks . Very dissapointing because it 's a fantastic idea , just really poorly made .
 This toy was such a disappointment . My four year old could not care less about playing with this . It does not say together at all . All he wanted for Christmas was a space station ... he cried when he saw this . Certainly not worth the 40 dollar price tag .
 This toy is very cute but can not be played with . It falls apart every 2 seconds and I do not have rough kids . They love this type of toy , but have lost interest in playing with it as the pieces you need to assemble do not stay on . -LRB- Kids can not put them back together as they are meant to click together `` permenently '' -RRB- The plastic is the lowest grade possible . It feels like recycles aspirin bottles.This company should be ashamed for making such a shoddily made product .
 This is one of the most poorly made toys I have seen in a long time . The plastic itself is cheap and thin . It does not come assembled , and when you do assemble it , it is so flimsy the pieces do not stay together . We have to reattach the parts multiple times each time our son plays with it . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas thanks to that bald , little baby talking pain , Cailliu who got a space station for Christmas in his Holiday Movie . So I ordered this with high expectations that it would be my son 's favorite toy . Unfortunately , it wo n't stay together . So the pieces that are meant to click in place , do but do not stay . Other parts that are supposed to are IMPOSSIBLE to get in place and the plastic is that hard , unbending , plastic that if you force will crack and break . If it were n't for Cailliu - do n't get me started , I 'd be returning this immediately . Definitely not worth forty-five dollars , not even worth fifteen . DO NOT BUY unless you want a space station that comes apart with the slightest bump .
 I purchased this trailer for my grandson for whom I bought a Bruder Dump Truck last Christmas -LRB- It has a trailer hitch -RRB- . When I received the trailer which is also made by Bruder , it was flimsy and the trailer hitch hole was too small for the hook-up on the dump truck . I had no use for it and my grandson was also disappointed . I returned it the next day .
 If your planning on going by the seven and up on the package then just do n't bother wasting your money.I know I wasted mine . After openning up the package I was very dispointed in how little the giga actualy did . I had expected something like the old gigapets of my younger days , not something that did n't do a thing.All it really involves is moving your pet here and there and collecting personality points . The pet may get sick , hungry , dirty , or bored , but it never dies . I 'm not really suprized by some of these kids reveiws . It just does n't have all that much to keep a child interested , much less someone my age . If they had given these new Gigas some of the old Gigas fun maybe they would have had something to go on , but these have nothing .
 I got 5 different ones plus the tv thing for our kids . -LRB- Yes , I have six kids . -RRB- It 's not even a week after xmas and none of them will play with it . To much work . You spent the better part of an hour digging for various items , money being the most important and then have to take your money to the store to buy things , like FOOD , feed the pet just to have the pet still be hungry . Once you get it happy in about 15min it starts all over again . What a pain the the behind !! Even the oldest wo n't do it !! And I 'm an adult ! We are taking ours back for a full refund !
 I was so excited to order this truck the idea sounded original that the container can be removed from the truck but it is super lose and is not securely connected to the truck when u Wanamaker play with it as one piece ! Junk do n't buy
 I just received my order for this truck from Schaeff . I was so disappointed . It is made of cheap plastic and I am sure my son will be brake it within a day or two . Not worth the price .
 I had this toy on my son 's wishlist based on the reviews I had read . The week before his birthday we picked up a three pack of tools at the dollar store . When he got this gift in the mail he was very excited to open it , but we soon discovered that some of the tools in the set were the flimsy ones we had gotten at the dollar store . Also , the tool belt is plastic and he wo n't wear it . When I think of a `` belt '' I do n't think plastic . The good parts of this kit are the tape measure and the drill . We play with those often .
 I will admit that all in all , my 4 year old really enjoys using this toy . However , that said , it is important to note it 's -LRB- rather large -RRB- shortcomings.The tool belt will NOT stay on . My little guy is not overweight , but the tool belt has fallen off so frequently that he wo n't even wear it anymore . This is the whole reason this set was bought , as he LOVES tool belts.The drill was broken almost as soon as we got it out of the -LRB- very nice hard plastic -RRB- case . The bit wo n't spin , but the motor makes a sound as if it should be spinning . It 's like something is broken on the inside.My little guy has more amusement in carrying around the plastic case this all arrived in - and not the tool case , but the weak plastic pieces it 's held together in that you would normally throw away - than wearing the tool belt . Pass this one up and get some wooden tools , they hold up much better . I thought this was a deal , unfortunately I was wrong .
 This is the first review I 've written in a while - really disappointed in the quality of this -LRB- even at the low price -RRB- . Everything is presented very nicely in the case . Within 30 minutes of using , the drill broke -- its motor still runs , but it no longer turns the bit . The work belt has a completely ineffective buckle . The buckle releases as soon as my 3 year old son starts to move around while wearing it - and that 's with no tools attached to the belt . The rest of the non-mechanical pieces are fine and realistic looking enough for a little kid . Fortunately , it 's hard to mess up with a simple plastic mold . As long as your expectations are along the lines of this review , if shelling out a few bucks for a suite of tools to engage in imaginative play is what you basically want -- this would be okay .
 This toy was a huge disappointment . It is poorly made . As other reviews note , the tool belt does not work well at all . The only way it will stay on is if you feed the belt through belt loops on your childs pants . The clasp wo n't stay in the plastic belt at all . When we got the toolbox , the pliers broke into two halves immediately , although we snapped them back together . My son cried the first time he used it because he got so frustrated with the belt and when he tried to use the pliers after we put it back together it broke again . Today the measuring tape broke . It 's very disappointing because of the poor quality and it really does n't build much of anything . Save your money and get something else .
 I 'm disappointed in this . The tools are cute enough , but theres basically nothing for the child to do with them . I bought this for my three year old great grand son for his birthday . My advice is save your money .
 I was disappointed by the quality of this set . The pliers broke after only 1 day . The tool belt we received does not close well so it can not be worn . I would not purchase this again .
 This product is not worth the money . I read all the reviews and thought it 'd be a good buy but the tool belt stains everything it comes near and the tools breaks easily . Sure it comes in a nice box but it 's huge compared to how much space the tools take up.I would not recommend the set . Go with something like Iplay 's stuff . They always make some durable toys - not like this.I also purchased the Learnings Doctor 's Set and unfortunately I 'd have to give the same review to that set . Do n't buy it . It 's broken already .
 I bought this for my grandson because he is already getting in to my toolbox.The tool belt with this kit is unuseable . That was the main reason I bought it.The rest of the tools could be bought at the Dollar store along with a box foranother dollar . Do n't waste your money on this .
 why this toy has so many stars ?? it smells like a vinyl and after 2 weeks of playing with it 2 cupcakes are already broken -LRB- top of the cupcake separates from the bottom which makes it impossible to play with -RRB- it is going back !
 This cupcake set smells awful ; Whether it 's PVC/vinyl or other kinds of awful chemicals , I actually became nauseous after opening these from the horrendous smell . They are extremely difficult to put together/take apart , and both of my daughters -LRB- and myself -RRB- are frustrated by this . I 've been looking forward to this set becoming a part of our play kitchen , and now I 'm a bit afraid to let my daughters play with this due to the awful smell -LRB- yes , I washed the pieces as instructed -- they still smell -RRB- . I would return this set , but it 's too much of a hassle with amazon . 2 thumbs down : - -LRB-
 The concept is great and very durable , however , the two part cupcakes is very difficult for my kids -LRB- and myself -RRB- to pull apart . Just not what we expected .
 One of the reasons we chose this set over others we saw , was because of the large carrying case that would hold all of the play pieces . However , as soon as we opened the case -LRB- for the first time -RRB- both of the snaps -LRB- that hold it closed -RRB- popped off . They can be popped back on , but they always pop off each time it is opened . This poses a problem because my daughter who is very capable of opening similar snaps on toys , can not put them back on herself . So the case is pretty much useless because of how poorly it is made .
 The blood pressure cuff broke the first time we use it . The plastic came apart at the seam were you squeeze it . The clasp for the case is hard so close . We ended up breaking one of the clasps trying to close the case . The scalpel also broke in half . My daughter is having a lot of fun with the parts that are not broken though . I would not recommend this product due to its cheap construction .
 Purchased item for daughter 's 3rd birthday . Cell phone did n't work . Replacement sent from amazon and the replacement cell phone also did n't work . Shame because my daughter really likes the set even though it is a little on the cheap side
 From the packaging , this toy looks pretty good , but once you get it open you can see that it is cheap and poorly put together . The case did not fit around the edges when closed , and the clasps were difficult to use and popped open on their own . I would not recommend this if you like quality toys !
 I do not recommend this product for several reasons . First , the plastic itself is cheap , particularly the very thin plastic that keeps the items in place . Secondly , the cell phone , stethoscope , and pager are very unreliable -LRB- they often do not make the sounds -RRB- . Overall , it was not worth the money .
 But nothing really works , not even the stethoscope which would be the easiest thing to work , right ? It 's disappointing . I would n't buy it . It 's not worth the money .
 Not good product , cheap and it does n't worth for the price . I can find better products at lower price in Walmart ...
 I was hoping to find a durable doctor set for my daughter and sadly to report back , this was n't it.The stethoscope ripped as I was taking it out of the box . The blood pressure pump was on the firm side so it 's hard for the little ones to pump . She does like the bandages that came in the box.Would not recommend the toy . Certainly would not pay $ 20 + for this if I had seen it at the box stores .
 Do n't waste your money on this doctor kit . I bought this for my grandchild . It is nothing like the ones we had for our children when they were young . Nothing works at all , just lumps of plastic . I 'm looking for another one .
 We just received this toy for my 6 year 2 hours ago , it 's Christmas eve and the phone does n't work . I 'm NOT happy as this is what my daughter wanted the most for Christmas . We took the batteries it came with out and put fresh ones in , still does n't work , do n't buy this toy !
 For the amount of money I expected more . I would not buy this product again . I will buy the basic less expensive one next time . The first thing I noticed was that the case is very difficult to close . The plastic clasps do not work properly and hardly ever snap back into place . The second thing was that the stethoscope did not work . I removed the plastic tab on the battery and then nothing . I will try replacing the battery but for $ 25 I expect to get a product with good working batteries . I also would have preferred a stethoscope that let 's you hear your heartbeat not an electronic sound . ** Update ** I changed the rating from a 2 to a 1 because the batteries were leaking .
 I actually purchased this play set in 2010 as a Christmas gift , but set it aside and forgot about it . Fast forward to 2012 where it is rediscovered in all of it 's plastic wrapped new glory and presented to my daughter who is playing doctor with her doll . She excitedly ripped off that sealed plastic covering , opened the box and started exploring the contents of the box . As she removed the stethoscope from the plastic holder it came apart in her hands with the plastic ear tubing coming apart from the heart beat section the screw hole that was holding them together completely ripped through . The glasses were n't even together in the box , one arm just laying there in the plastic holder as the other part came out . After trying several sets of new AA batteries in the `` cell '' phone it still never made a peep . I am so disappointed in this product . Please save yourself some money and frustration and skip this set !
 I purchased this play doctor set as a christmas gift for my 41/2 year old son . Upon reading other reviews , other reviews mentioned how the stethoscope really works ... and that is the part I was most excited about ; however , the stethoscope only makes coughing sounds and such when you press the button , so you can not hear a real live heartbeat with this doctor set . In regards to the blue glass , the part that goes over your ear is really short , it 's more of a fit for a little persons ' face , like a 21/2 or 3 year old 's face . The themometer works by turning a dial that has a circular sticker of temperatures ... The bandades are plastic , they are also small-only small enough to cuff a finger or something of that size . All other plastic pieces are not durable -LRB- they do n't easily bend -RRB- . The best part of this toy would be the the cell phone and beeper . The cell phone is small in size , but it makes different sound tones when you press a button-the buttons do n't say the number/s being pressed ... And the beeper is nice because it sounds like a real beeper , in that its has a long beep in the case of an emergency . I would not get this toy for an older child who is ready for a more real experience with doctor tools-like a stetoscope ... This toy is best for a 21/2 or 3 year old , 'cause remember , the glasses need to fit their face , and they may not know the difference of hearing pretend sounds from the stetoscope as opposed to real heartbeats and such .
 The blood pressure cuff snapped the first time my son played with it , it 's made of cheap plastic . The stethoscope does n't even really work , it 's just a cheap noise maker that makes unrealistic fake heartbeat noises . There are no compartments for the toys , they all just get thrown into this plastic container when the child is done playing with it.For the price , the quality of this product is very poor . It 's all cheap plastic and breaks easily .
 So disapointed in this doctor 's kit . I decided to buy this one ONLY after I read all the reviews -LRB- this one had the best -RRB- . Needless to say , it 's kind of junky . The cell phone does n't work and when we contacted the seller , they said we had to pay for shipping back which is ridiculous beings the toy is defective . They also said it has to be in the original packaging and un-opened ... huh ?? How would anyone know it was defective until you actually opened it ? We have an only child so of course , she wants to put the blood pressure cuff on us , but it 's so small , it barely fits around an adult 's wrist . The velcro on the cuff is very weak too . I 'm also not crazy about the stethoscope , I thought it would actually work , but you press a button and it sounds like someone coughing . I grew up in the 80 's and had a Fisher-Price doctor 's kit that was so fun to play with and the stethoscope actually worked , they just do n't make toys like they used to . I 'm so sorry I made this purchase , it 's NOT worth the price , that 's for sure !
 This is definitely not worth the money . My son received this for his 3rd birthday and it started falling apart within 2 weeks . The case is impossible for him to open , the plastic that holds the pieces in place is a disposable type of plastic and tore the first day , there are not slots for each item , the blood pressure cuff barely fits around a wrist and broke after 2 weeks . Just not worth it .
 Bought this for my daughter -LRB- 2 + -RRB- and although she enjoys playing with it I am disappointed with it in compairson to other kits . Front clasp on case fell off after first day and although it snaps back on it does n't stay shut anymore . Also , did n't realize at time of purchase but the stethoscope is just an electronic noise maker . Other kits include a `` real '' one that actually works and lets you hear a hearbeat . Blood pressure cuff also needs to be larger .
 This toy has been great for my daughter to play with but a word of WARNING ! The tongue depresser -LRB- I guess that 's what you call it -RRB- has a mirrored disc glued on . IT COMES OFF ! My daughter , while playing with it , accidentally swallowed it and started choking . Thankfully she was able to throw it up but it scraped her throat or esophagus because she threw it up with blood . This is extremely alarming ! DO N'T BUY ... IT NEEDS TO BE RECALLED !
 This product is not worth the money . I read all the reviews and thought it 'd be a good buy . Sure it comes in a nice box but it 's huge compared to how much space the tools take up . The blood presure thingy is broken after one day of 5 min . of play.I would not recommend the set . Go with something like Iplay 's stuff . They always make some durable toys - not like this.I also purchased the Learnings tools . The tool belt stains everything it comes near and the tools breaks easily . Do n't buy it . It 's broken already .
 THis set has everything you could think of a child would need to play doctor/hospital/nurse / etc. . But the quality and make is mediocre .
 This toy set looks pretty good , but the quality control is very bad . The phone and stethoscope do not work in the kit I got for my kids . I tried new batteries , but no luck ! After reading the reviews , I guess we are not the only ones with these broken toys . Kids have already opened the items , so I am not sure we can send them back .
 Bought this for my 2 yr old daughter and the cell phone is broken . Got it out to put batteries in it before xmas morning and it does n't light up or make a sound . Really this was the most important part of the entire kit and it does n't even work . Amazon asks you to ship it back before they send you a new one . Well thats just great since Xmas is a week away . Guess we are stuck with it . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas based on all the reviews . I wish I would have bought another set . 1 . the blood pressure cuff broke day one . 2 . there are so many parts to it I wish they would have made fewer ones but better quality , everything feels very cheap . 3 . my daughter pinched her finger on the case . it is not the easiest to open . My daughter is almost 4 so it cant be that she is too young . I should have bought another kit .
 I am so disappointed . This kit looks amazing and I love all the great tools . Unfortunately , the stethescope arrived broken , the blood pressure tool band is so small it only fits the wrist and tore upon first use . After taping it back together I realized the pump that makes the dial move does n't work ... you press it and it just stays smooshed rather than filling back up with air . The glasses are adorable but too short to even reach my 3 year old 's ears so she ca n't wear them . The case has buckles on it that are seemingly child-proof . Would have been a great Dr. 's kit if they had cared about the quality . Sending it back .
 I bought this for a gift but it looked so cheap I just gave it to my son . It kept his attention for a day but that was it . There 's no storage for the pieces and it just is n't made that well . The idea is a good one but I would have returned it if the shipping was n't so expensive .
 For the price I think you should get more . The o.ltd thing that looks real is the cake . This is not as good as there other toy food they have . I would n't recommend .
 I have had several Kathe Kruse toys in the past and really enjoy them , but after I bought this item , which given the picture description I thought would be tan with orange , yellow , green and blue patterns on it , I was mailed a lamb that was pale blue with pink and green flowers . Not gender neutral at all , totally girly . Had VERY hard time returning it .
 All of the Yellow in this HUGE bucket of magnetic letters & Numbers do not stick .
 I bought these as a gift December 2008 and recently found out all of the yellow shapes had no magnetic charge and some of the others were quite weak.It 's a nice idea though and I enjoyed using the letters that did work on a magnetic sketch pad since the magnet covers the entire shape it was a bit like a stamp pad . It 's too late to return now , but hopefully this has been addressed .
 I bought this for my grandson for his 5th birthday because he loves putting magnetic things on my refrigerator . He quickly became bored with this . I think it was just way too many items in the tub . Not worth the money I paid for this . Recommend you go to the dollar store instead for no more time a child will play with it !
 My sons teacher has a cookie jar that looked JUST like this one , except it counted each cookie out load as you put it in the jar . Since this cookie jar is identical to the one his teacher has I bought it thinking it was the same one . But no , this is just a cookie jar with cookies in it , no electronic counting . We were very disappointed when we opened it and realized it was not what we expected .
 My son is two years old and can already count to 10 , but I thought he would have fun putting cookies in the jar and having it make noise . This toy makes no noise at all , its simply a cheap plastic jar and ten cheap plastic cookies . The cookies are so flimsy that you can bend them in half . For nearly $ 20 I feel this toy is a rip off . Save yourself the $ 20 and draw your child out 10 `` cookies '' made out of paper and turn a coffee can into a `` cookie jar '' - it will have just as much educational value and will likely last as long .
 This toy is horribly made ! This is something you would expect to see in a dollar store . It feels very cheap . Even the packaging made me cringe . I am sending it back immediately . Go for Fisher-Price instead if you are looking for this type of toy .
 Not at all what I was expecting . It is very cheaply made and very small . I bought it to use as a cookie jar in my daughter 's play kitchen as well . The picture shown is n't what I got . Her 's says , `` Counting Cookies '' and I would n't have bought it if I had known that . The benefit is that it does have the m & ms on each cookie that correspond with the number on the other side of the cookie . Definitely not worth the money .
 I was really let down by this toy . Bought this for my 10 year old son . It never worked very good . We could never get it to really focus on anything . My son tired of it very quickly and it got junked . I think it would have been worth investing in a pricier model .
 I gave this as a birthday gift but apparently something is wrong with it because the light does n't work . I am having my husband try to fix it because it 's too much of a pain to have to send it back .
 I 've been `` saving up '' and buying Christmas presents all year . Bought this as a Christmas Present for my son back in September 2008 . It has been in a box in a closet till today , Christmas . We do this to make it possible to do Christmas WITHOUT credit cards . Well , today my son opened it and the lights DO NOT WORK . Big disappointed ! Amazon tells me we have passed the `` return window '' so we can not return it and it is junk . Lesson learned , to buy bigger items locally .
 We had this toy for one day and the arm came off . My 5 year old has not been that interested in playing with it . Not the best toy I have purchased .
 the top layer that has the picture of the animal printed on it is nothing more than lightly laminated paper . my daughter put one in her mouth -LRB- you know , how every kid puts everything in their mouth -RRB- and literally within 30 seconds , she had chunks of colored paper in her mouth . fell apart instantly . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I gave this set and the alphabet set to my nephew for Christmas ... Looks great and they are very pretty but they do n't stick well at all !! My sister ended up throwing them out rather than kicking them around her kitchen -- very embarassing !
 These magnets are very cute - bright colors and I love that the materials are non-toxic . The animal illustrations are really nice . However , I was expecting magnets made of wood . The core is wood , but the face is paper , which comes off . Disappointing . Also , the wooden box they come in has no lid , so is pretty useless for storage .
 I was very excited about buying these . My son loves magnets and I thought this would be a great way to teach him about animals . They are great looking BUT I wish they were more heavy duty . They are essentially a magnetic backing with a layer of wood in the middle . On top of that is a paper picture and a thin laminated plastic layer on top . Not good for kids who like to put things in their mouths . In a matter of moments without much effort at all he had chewed off the turtles face . Now I find myself trying to keep them away from him which no fun for him or me : -LRB-
 First , our 15 month old daughter has enjoyed playing with these for the day she 's had them . That said , she 's already managed to completely remove and destroy 90 % of the lion picture from the magnet . They 're cheap , weakly stuck on stickers on top of fairly solid wood/magnet bases . Disappointing .
 We bought a bunch of sets of M&D ; magnetic animals , numbers and letters for our craft project . We made a quilt landscape and glued it to the metal sheet to make an ` animal park ' . Imagine our disappointment when we realized that these magnets are too weak to hold the figurines through the thin fabric!All our craft work was for nothing , just because M&D ; used very cheap magnets . Joy killers.They stick to the bare metal , but nothing else .
 These are a great idea , my 16 month old loved them when I bought them for her because she loves animals . She loves to point at the animals and make the sounds they make . However , they should be made of a more durable material other than paper because even the first day the images were wearing off , and that is sad they wo n't be one of her lasting educational toys . Also the wooden box they come in should have a lid .
 The motor of this toy is built very cheaply . It broke after only two times . The gears inside de motor box are made of cheap plastic and started shredding in white plastic dust ! My son loved it at first and was very frustrated and disappointed . Plus the robot goes forward and backwards only and very very slow ... Please do not get caught
 This product has the worst motor I 've ever experienced in any of my son 's toys . The motor seemed to implode the very first day we had it . By the way , this is the story on our second toy . We had to return the original one because the motor came broken . The gear `` shaved off '' according to my 6 year old . Such a disappoinment . We 're pretty bummed in this house . We 're going to play with modeling clay instead .
 This toy was a big disappointment . The potential for lots of fun and learning was defeated by the immediate -LRB- within half an hour -RRB- disintegration of the motor gears . The plastic shaved off after two or three uses . If the gears had held up , this toy could have been great .
 I bought this for my 4 year old who loves gears very much . We planned to read the instruction together and build it together . Then we found out right away that it is impossible for him to put together or take apart any `` tree trunk '' because you need to have a lot of muscle to do so . Sometimes I found it hard myself . He can put gears on once the frame work is set up . And he seems to enjoy spinning the gears . But if you plan to buy your kid a toy and hope he will go away and build it , forget it . This is not the one . Buy lego instead .
 I bought this for my son when he was 3 or 4 . He currently is turning 6 and we have gotten it out several times for him over the years . It is very hard for him to get the pieces into place , and has n't provided much enjoyment for him . It was a disappointment .
 It took several hours trying to build this up out of the hundred or so little pieces . Some were missing . It does n't work the way we anticipated that it would , and that is most likely due to user error with assembly or the fact that it is missing a few pieces .
 I expected from the ad copy that the monkeys would travel around this piece . They do n't . Some of them are attached to gears that cause a particular monkey to rotate around one piece , but that 's as far as the `` movin '' goes . Also , the gears do n't mesh well and lock up repeatedly . And since all of the gears are connected , it 's almost impossible to identify exactly where the problem -LRB- s -RRB- is/are . Plus , young children can neither build this on their own nor trouble-shoot if it develops problems . I feel scammed .
 I bought this toy for my 5 year old boy . He loves the basic gears set and loves to build things with it so I thought this would be great . I thought he would enjoy making the set larger and having the gears move something . Other reviews for it were good . However , when he opened it on Christmas morning it was n't something he could just put together and make work himself . His dad had to sit down and help him put it together because there 's only one way to make it all work right so you have to follow directions . It 's not great for just being creative with like the basic set . So after you spend all that time setting it up , you crank the handle a few times and watch the monkeys go around and that 's it . The kids lose interest pretty fast and then you either have to find a place to leave it out , or just put it away . It 's not really something they can just get out and be creative with and then put away . I wish I would have spent my money on another basic set .
 face off series 1 captain america is the best of all captain america figures out there , but the ultimate captain america series 8 is a joke . . !!! face sculp is terrible looks like popeye . . !!! in my opinion I prefer the classic captain america and if you really like a true captain america i will recomment you guys to get the face off series captain america vs. red skull ... also they have the variant unmasked face off steve rogers captain america witch if an aweson figure too ... !!! but this guy from series 8 it is n't an ultimate captain america he 's an ultimate popeye ... !!!
 I thought after I got the New Captain America that it would beat my old captain America by leaps and bounds . Boy was I wrong . This figure is not as posable . His face looks more Like US agents than Caps and Hes just all in all and Okay figure . if your a fan of captain America And you want an awesome figure get the series 1 Captain America from marvel legends if you ca n't get him you could settle for this . but the Series 1 captain America is 1000 times better than this figure
 This is your standard Marvel Legends fare . If you 're a fan , you know what I 'm talking about . Buying a ML figure involves a strange juxtapositioning of satisfaction and disappointment . As a fan , you are thrilled to have the figure of a favorite character -LRB- in many cases on you 'd never imagined they 'd ever make -RRB- but , as a fan , you are certain to be deeply disappointed in most cases with the rendition.Ultimate Captain America is a prime example , nice toy - thrilled to have it because I love the character but the thrill quickly gets dragged down once you look at Cap 's brutishly ugly face.This is n't Captain America , it 's Popeye rendered realistically . Never in the history of Marvel Comics is Captain America drawn as a thuggish clod , a simpering but tough baboon - but this is exactly how the sculptor seems to have envisioned him - because that 's what you get . Captain America , the character , is noble and proud , intelligent , strong and heroic ... and you just do n't get that AT ALL from this toy 's facial features.Once again , with a Marvel Legends figure I find myself saying `` What a shame . ''
 I think you would be very sad about wasting your money on this thing . It does n't work ! You need wire spokes too . I had to change wheels .
 My son got really excited about these Spinners when he got them for his 12th birthday . Unfortunately we found that , even though they include some pieces to build up the bike axle , both bikes in the garage had axles that were `` between sizes '' . Quite disappointing for my 8 and 12 yr . old boys.I sent e-mail to the support site but have not received a recommendation as to how to make them fit a hard-to-fit axle .
 I Just purchased these '' Spinners '' I Have a Mongoose Ace Bike and i dont know who the heck to get them on well at least i have 2 bikes i may be able to put it on the other but if not i will be Very Sad
 I bought this Cars sleeping bag for my 5 year old grandson . I liked that it could be rolled in its own bag for storage or carrying . I was very surprised how thin it was when it arrived . His family does camp but he certainy could n't use this comfortably on the floor or ground . I was disappointed in the quality and padding . If he 's on a bed , I guess it will be fine but other than that , it 's not worth it .
 I got these for my 11 month old daughter to play with in the tub . I liked that they had bright colored numbers on them and no holes for water to seep in and mildew . But the tops of the ducks heads are very hard and pointy . If you stepped on one of these or if baby fell down on one , I 'm positive the sharp points would break the skin . I had to be careful with her in the tub while she played with them because she likes to forcefully wave her toys around and if she were to hit herself in the head with one ... OUCH ! The ducks really did surprise me with this . I wish I had not bought them at all . I 'm not going to let her play with them anymore . I 'll get her some that do n't have pointy , hard edges on them .
 This product was a gift and I was sadly informed it was a `` multi-language '' toy-not how it was advertised online . I would not have purchased this if I had known it had this added component .
 These cards are not in English . They are in Japanese .
 ouch !! soft little fingers get splitters from this toy . Used it once and threw it in the garbage .
 Sadly they sent the wrong puzzle , we were not very happy as we had just come home from seeing the Sistine Chapel and were excited to do the puzzle when it came . Instead we got the Sidney Opera House , nice picture , but now what we wanted .
 The idea is great , but from daily use the nylon surrounding the metal frame has worn out , the metal frame whipped out and almost struck my son , therefore making the product defective.If you have this product , I highly recommend figuring out a way to reinforce the nylon around the frame with something that will withstand daily use of folding and unfolding.I will NOT buy again and I would NOT recommend to a friend .
 Did not like it ... it does not stay up easily and once you get it out of the bag , it is hard to get back in . The footprint of the product is not deep so when you kick even the smallest of goals , it falls over . Not happy . I returned it for a Pugg .
 Set-up was easy but our goal did n't last long before the poles poked through the fabric at the top . Duct tape added a bit of time but the product did n't even last a year with moderate use .
 I ordered a dice stick from this supplier a month ago and can not even get a response from them . Do not purchase . I will never use Amazon again as a result . Meant to rate 0 out of 5 stars instead of 1 out of 5 !
 I did not buy this miniatures to play Dreamblade but to play D&D . Well , this collection do not have many fun miniatures . Most are just ... strange . If you want to buy dreamblade to play d & d , buy just the basic sets .
 Nice to look at however it does not handle switch tracks 50 % of the time . Not a good value for your dollar unless you are doing a simple 22inch loop .
 Positives : The ball is brightly colored and can be handled easily by an older infant because it has finger holes.Negatives : It does n't always make sounds especially when it rolls . You have to be a bit rough with it to make sounds , for example , letting it roll down steps . Also , it squeaks like a dog toy .
 I expected that wiggly giggly ball will better quality . But he did not . Design is a curve , lines are sloppy and greased . And the ball does not round , it is a crooked . It is really more like a toy for dogs , but not for little baby .
 I have the 4.5 inch wiggly giggly toy for my standard poodle and he absolutely LOVES it . He is absolutely joyous in his play with it . Because I had also tried the dumbell style which he destroyed with chewing in the first hour he had it , I thought I would add this large wiggly giggly ball to his toy bin . It hardly makes any noises as it rolls across the floor and hence he is less interested in it as a plaything . Does anybody know if there is a difference in the noisemaking between the 4.5 inch one and the 7 inch one ? If there is not supposed to be a difference then perhaps the one I received it defective . I would like to know because I think the smaller ball is just great -- 5 stars all around -- and would like to have another such fun toy for my dog in a larger size .
 Not what I was expecting . More like a dog toy . would not recommend buying not worth the money . Disappointed with product !!
 This ball is horrible ! I ordered it for my niece and when I got it in I knew it was going to have to be sent back . It squeeks like a dog toy . My brother has dogs , so there was no way his daughter was going to be able to play with this ... the dogs would just snatch it right up . I 'm serious ... do not buy this if you have dogs !! The ball only makes noise when you rigorously shake it , so it 's still not worth it even if you do n't have dogs . You can buy a cheaper ball with better colors for your child to roll around . -LRB- since rolling it makes no noise -RRB- Overall this ball was a big waste of time and money.I highly recommend spending your money on something else . You will most likely get a better result.I have a 2 year old and I should have just bought my niece a toy that I know is fun and what to expect from it . I just wanted to get her something `` different '' . It did n't work out in my favor!RETURNED !
 Our kids have been Rescue Hero nuts for years . We have a similar police car put out a few years ago ... not the mission select type . They have a great time playing with it . It must be at least 3 years old and still works great . A year ago someone bought our youngest the Mission select Fire Truck . It has never worked properly . I feel badly for the person who bought it hoping for all the cool things it was supposed to do . I felt really let down by Fisher Price as all the other product from this line have been great . Thankfully our kids accept things as they are and still play with it ... I could never pass it along to anyone and would n't recommend it .
 I sent this to my grandson , who loved it . The frustrating thing is it never worked as advertised . We can not get the action figures to inneract , therefore I consider it false advertising . He still loves playing with it but it should perform as advertised . This is our first experience with Resue Heros & it was n't a good one .
 My adult daughter and I enjoy working an occasional jigsaw puzzle together , and this image looked like it would be pleasant . The puzzle pieces were incompletely cut , so that I had to pull them apart , and the cardboard backing tore and peeled . Every piece was able to fit into many other pieces , so it was impossible to say where it definitely belonged . After three days , we were not able to complete the border , and I could not put together the one figure in a distinctive costume . I not only quit , but recycled the puzzle so that no one else would suffer , trying to work it . I will never buy Clementoni again ! So far , we have had great success with Pomegranate , Ravensburger , and Ricordi puzzles .
 The pieces are poorly cut . The vibrant colors used in the painting are so muted you ca n't tell them apart . What should be bright reds are dark , burgundys . Also the picture on the cover of the box shows less of the actual puzzle . I think some of the pieces are missing . This is not a challenging puzzle - it is irritating !
 My son received this as a birthday gift and it broke the 2nd time that he played with it . While I was putting it on him the plastic belt just snapped in half . Luckily we had a different belt from another toy that we could use with the gadgets . The previous reviewer was right about the difficulty of taking the gadgets on and off . There 's no way that my 4 year old son could do it without my help . If I had the receipt I would have returned it .
 Ok , my kid loves it . But , after seeing it in person , I cant believe how much I was charged for list little plastic toy . Cost is way over excessive . Strongly suggest saving your money , unless money is no object .
 My son got this for Christmas . He LOVES it but the day after Christmas the shooter was jammed and Grandma could n't fix it , even by taking the screws off -LRB- it was n't handled roughly -RRB- and the belt , itself , cracked!It needs some revision in design . The belt should be soft rubber which would prevent it from cracking so easily/quickly .
 My daughter recieved this dollhouse for Christmas when she was a little over three years old . It took us forever to put it together the night before adding the stickers and `` decor '' it came with -LRB- which seemed easy enough for the factory to do before shipping it to stores - oh well ! -RRB- This dollhouse also comes with about 60 small items such as cups , plates , and a dog . However , there were many useless pieces that were a pain to keep up with and also pose a choking hazard
 This dollhouse is cute but not as nice as I expected for the price . The kitchen table leg broke the first day of play , as well as a kitchen chair . Larger rooms would make it more fun and the family room could use more furniture than just a couch . In looking back , I should have spent the extra money and bought the larger Play & Store Dollhouse and furnished it myself . Not made as well as MY Barbie toys -- I am disappointed .
 This dollhouse is difficult for little ones to fold up . You will have to do it for them . And there are way too many little parts to get lost , stepped on , and spread all over your house . I recommend the Fisher Price Special Edition Townhouse . It has all the positive features of this one and more . Easy for my kids to fold , lots of options on accessories and other dolls to add , and not so many little and flimsy parts !
 My wife bought this mobile for our newborn baby . Assembly was relatively easy and it looks nice but once we turned it on we were horrified ! The rotating mechanism makes an awful grinding/clacking sound as it turns ! I do n't know if this is just a bad unit , or if this is a ` normal ' sound but this clearly wont do . Back to the store with this puppy ! Several other reviewers have mentioned similar problems so they 've either got quality control issues at the factory or some peoples notions of ` soothing ' are diametrically opposed to mine .
 Put the thing together , installed the batteries , turned it on and nothing . Re-checked the batteries . Still nothing . Batteries work in other toys . Nice work on design guys ...
 I purchased one of these from a tesco in the uk in 2009 for my son and it was brilliant so when I couldnt find them on sale in the uk when I had my daughter I decided to purchase from overseas . The mobile did not rotate so I requested a replacment the 2nd didnt rotate like it should either ! Think may be a motor fault maybe a faulty batch !?
 Too annoying the baby gets way too excited and ca n't go to sleep . I did not like the songs recorded .
 Shortly after turning this on in the night mode -LRB- with the lights -RRB- , I heard a continuous clicking and it stopped spinning . I had to coax it along with my hands . This happened over and over until I took it back and exchanged it . The second mobile had the exact same problem so it went back for a refund . It 's too bad -- if it were made well it would be a nice mobile . FOr $ 40 you 'd think the product would at least work for a couple of days !
 I never got to see this mobile in action , although my wife and I absolutely LOVED it from the start . It was just so neat and unique compared to the other mobiles on the market and it fit perfectly into our baby room theme.HOWEVER , I saw nothing to indicate that it would ONLY fit a crib with a very thin top rail -LRB- generally , one of the less expensive models -RRB- . My wife and I purchased a 4-in-1 `` Mid-Price Range '' crib with wider , thicker top rails with the front and back rails having a molded design -LRB- similar to crown molding -RRB- . It is physically impossible to attach this mobile onto any of those rails . The method used to hang and secure it does not allow for any type of adjustment other than a serious `` wood working '' project on the crib itself . So , the two mobiles we purchased -LRB- for our twins -RRB- were completely useless.Additionally , once assembled , it is physically impossible to dissasemble -LRB- even stated in the instructions -RRB- . So after assembling the first mobile and attempting to place it on our crib , we were stuck with it . We could not disassemble it so that we could return it for a refund . We will probably donate it to a friend or coworker who is also pregnant with the hopes that they can use it and return the unopened one for a refund.IF we had actually been able to use it , I 'm sure it would have been rated much higher . I am rating it at a 1 simply because none of the advertising indicated the severe limitation of the method of attachment to the crib and the resulting inability to return it because there is no way to disassemble it after it is put together -LRB- of course , this IS indicated in the instruction book -RRB- .
 I got this mobile as a gift and set it up before we had our baby . First , the way the mobile is designed to attach to the crib did not fit our style crib at all because the rails at the top of our 's were too tall to let the lip of the mobile rest on it . I attempted to rig something up , but just did not feel it was safe , so that was my main reason for returning it . Also , in the process of screwing the attachment to the crib , it easily scratched the wood.In addition , this motor on the mobile was EXTREMELY loud . I had to turn the music volume as high as it would go just to hear it over the motor . Like other reviewers , the rotation stopped several times and made grinding noises and I would have to push it to get it going again.I was disappointed in the design of this product because it does not fit all crib types and was very disappointed in the noise of the motor - not sure how this would be soothing to a baby .
 We received this as a gift ... I wish I had read all the reviews before installing it ! Unfortunately it worked perfectly and our daughter LOVED it for 2 months -LRB- sang to it every time we turned it on -RRB- until it suddenly stopped working . After trying two sets of new batteries , I sent an email to customer service about it . No response . Then I called them . The lady was very nice and said all I needed to do was send them the base back and they would send out a new one right away . So I paid the $ 14 to ship it Priority Mail -LRB- thinking we 'd get it back faster -RRB- and then 3 days later I got a call saying it 's backordered for 3 months - why did n't they tell me that when I called ? By then our daughter will be at the age where they say you ca n't use it on the crib anymore.Don ' t set yourself up for the disappointment we got . Such a great concept , but they need to figure out how to improve the quality and customer service !
 We got this mobile as a gift . Unfortunately , this mobile is very poorly designed . I came to check the reviews to see if other people were experiencing the same problem of the mobile getting stuck spinning . Turns out this is a common problem . The issue is the canopy is separate part and must be attached to the top . If the canopy opening is not perfectly circular then it will rub against the main assembly causing it to get stuck and make a terrible grinding noise . I have tried rubbing Aquaphor as lubricant and tried widening the canopy attachment but nothing works . Luckily , we have another mobile as I will be tossing this one in the trash .
 I too was very excited about this mobile when I bought it . My daughter would wake up from her naps and start it herself . Once the first set of batteries went bad , it seemed that each set seemed to drain faster and faster . Not to mention it 's 4 D batteries . It 's also a big pain to change the batteries . Lastly , once I got over the fact that the batteries were only lasting a week , it keeps getting stuck . It just stops turning and you can hear a `` click , click , click '' through the house . It never starts up again until you physically go in and push it . I am soooo unhappy with this purchase .
 While my daughter liked this , the lights broke the first day , and by the third day the motor was make grinding noises even with new batteries . It is very poor quality and I would never buy something from The First Years again .
 We had a manual mobile and my son loves it so much . I am bored of turning it on all the time so bought this electronic one . But unfortunately my son wo n't look at it at all , just crying when i leave him on the crib and turn on this mobile . Expecially when I turned on both of the mobiles , my son only smile at the manual one . I do n't know why . Maybe the creatures he does n't like .
 this is a very cute mobile and i read the reviews about it - many people mentioned how frequently they had to change the batteries , but i thought , ` how bad can it be ? ' well , although it is cute , it is such a pain to have to frequently change the `` D '' batteries - maybe once every three weeks or so . kind of expensive to buy all of those batteries too . my son does seem to love it though . he watches it as he falls asleep and now can turn it on by kicking the buttons himself - that could be part of the reason my batteries are dying so quickly but i ca n't stop him from doing that ! so , although it is a neat concept , i wish i had n't purchased this one !
 While this mobile is cute , and in theory should be great , we 've had a lot of problems with The First Years during this whole thing . Our mobile arrived , new and straight from the box , with the projection unit not working . They recommended trying a new bulb -LRB- do n't get me started-this is a NEW product -RRB- , but we could n't find the bulb in any stores . When I requested they let me know where to buy one or that they send me a new one , they told me to just send the whole thing back . It was already assembled , and my baby was using it . The customer service was awful . Plus , the motor does make a loud noise , though I think of it as a free `` white noise '' machine !
 I have had horrible luck with this mobile . I have tried to use three of them in the past month , and something is defective with each one.The first one stopped rotating after the first night of use . I returned that one to Toys R Us and got another one.The next one drained the batteries dead overnight after the first night of use , even though I only used the mobile for a couple of hours.After that , I called the company -LRB- The First Years/Learning Curve -RRB- . They offered to replace the mobile if I paid to send in the defective one and my store receipt . I paid $ 20 -LRB- !!! -RRB- to send it to them , and they sent a replacement right back . The motor buzzes loudly when the canopy rotates , to the point that it 's really annoying , not soothing.Now I am out $ 60 and still do n't have a product I can use . I am very , very disappointed and feel like I 've had rotten luck . This leaves a bad taste in my mouth toward this company .
 I received this off my registry and I was thrilled with it for the two weeks . The music was soothing and the projection screen was great . Unfortunately , one day it just stopped working . I figured the batteries had run out so I changed them . It worked fine for a day and then stopped working again . I tried a third time -LRB- with a different brand of batteries -RRB- and again it only worked for a day or so . Very frustrating . I ended up just buying a new mobile -LRB- Fisher Price Precious Planet -RRB- and it 's been working great . It 's not as cute as the Dreams-In-Sight but it 's dependable and it does n't burn through batteries .
 I came on this website to find if anyone else had the same problem i have had with this mobile . The situation with the batteries being drained in a day is exactly right . This mobile stinks . I went through numerous batteries , including rechargeables , and NiMh . This mobile drained the batteries like crazy . Horrible mobile . I will never recommend this .
 All the problems we experienced with this mobile were listed in others reviews.It turns on and off if you use a remote control near it.The canopy was so loud during rotation that we decided to return it.I found that it went through batteries quickly.When we attached it to the crib , we found that it damaged the finish.When completely assembled it does not have a music only function which I found that we would have really liked . When you remove the mobile , you could use it as a music only , but it looks strange with our the arm and canopy.The canopy on our mobile was really hard to snap in place especially the last piece.My baby does like it , but its so noisy that I ca n't use it to lull her back to sleep , it only works when she is awake otherwise it keeps her up.I am on the look out for a better option .
 SINCE THE FIRST MOMENT THAT I TAKE IT OUT OF BOX I WAS WONDERING IF IT WAS USED OR NEW , MAKE A TERRIBLE NOISE WHEN IT START AND , THE CONTROL REMOTE WAS BROKE BUT WAS NOT A BIG DEAL BECAUSE EVERY TIME THAT I TURN ON THE TV , THE MOBILE START , AND ALSO IT DOES N`T LOOK LIKE IN THE PICTURES
 We purchased this darling chair for our 18-month old son . He loved it immediately , climbing into it and naming each of the animals on the chair . Since his room is done in the Malawi theme , this chair was a delightful addition . Sadly , he got just a smudge of dirt on it . When I tried to clean it by dabbing it with water -LRB- just dabbing ... not rubbing , as I had read others ' advice against rubbing -RRB- , the green color fabic faded badly right away . This was just with a dab of water ! So we returned the chair -LRB- amazon was great about this ! -RRB- and got a second one . The second one had a small rip in the arm upon delivery . So we have returned it and are awaiting a third chair . Hopefully the third time will be the charm , because this chair really is CUTE ! But if there 's something wrong with # 3 , then we will give up on the Malawi chair and buy something else . So sad .
 This chair is cute and is the perfect size . Unfortunately the fabric is very thin . The first chair we received had a small tear in the left arm . We decided to return it and get a replacement . The second chair had a tear in the fabric of the right arm . We e-mailed the customer service department and asked their opinion on wether to exchange or get a refund . They replied that the problem was more widespread than they originally thought an we should just get a refund . I guess we will look elsewhere .
 My son LOVED this chair . However as time went on , as CRAZY as it may seem , my toddler got some scuff marks on it . When I wiped it down , the color came RIGHT OFF ! Spend your money elsewhere , your child will enjoy a durable chair just the same .
 We recieved this as a gift , as it matched our sons nursery . As the months went by , my son loved to sit on the chair . With just the little interaction that any 1 year old would do , this chair has completly fallen appart , exposing the nails and is just completely out of its original shape . It now takes up space in the garbage dump.I feel that this chair should have lasted more than 8 months .
 Purchased for a 5 year old who was already riding a scooter but thought he might like a skateboard . I thought this would be perfect , but you ca n't make it turn at all . It only goes straight . I tried to lean on the edge to get it to turn to no avail . I would n't recommend this item for a child who already rides a scooter .
 Over the years , I have managed to amass a collection of pretty much every version of `` Password '' ever produced . With the exception of `` Super Password , '' I enjoyed every televised version of the show . The `` Password '' episode of `` The Odd Couple '' is one of my all time TV favorites . You may have guessed , I like the game.This DVD version is , for all intent and purpose , just an over-produced variation on the standard home version . Instead of the cards and holders , you get a pair of 3-D looking glasses . Unfortunately , you can easily read the secret password on the screen without the glasses . And , the computer generated host -LRB- Charmin ' Chuck Harmin -RRB- is just about as annoying a host as they could come up with.Endless Games has produced many good home games . DVD games , at least going by this one , do not fit into their business model quite as well . Save yourself some money and get their standard edition `` Password '' game . It 's not as high-tech . But it 's a lot more fun .
 When we opened the box -LRB- which is a normal game-sized box -RRB- , we were a little surprised to see that there was nothing in it but a DVD and a couple of cheap pairs of 3D glasses . We were even more surprised when , after putting in the DVD to check it out , we discovered that you did n't even need the 3D glasses to make out the word on the TV screen . It is easily readable without the glasses . Kind of makes the whole thing a waste if everyone cn see the word , do n't you think ?
 Was not great . Way too slow . Just was not fun . Bring back the old version - we still use it but it is tattered .
 The fact that this is `` back by popular demand '' makes me continue to seriously question peoples ' judgment . Newsflash
 yea the dols pretty but it breaks easy.and not to mention its gross . i mean if you want to teach your kids about pregnant people tell them the baby came from the store or say ill tell you when your older.i mean buying this doll is asking for trouble .
 While I feel it is hard to explain to little girls and boys where babies come from , I do n't feel that this doll is a way to bring up the subject . Little girls are supposed to be innocent and sweet , not caring about being pregnant . I can tell you as a mother of 2 little girls , I would never purchase this item for either one of them.I was reading some of the other reviews and they stated that the like the fact Barbie gets away from business suits and back to family values . I think Barbie in business suites teaches our young ladies that it is ok to be independent and business oriented . This shows them that women can be or do anything . I admire that about Barbie , I just do n't feel young ladies are ready for the pregnant version of barbie .
 Based on much research , this toy happens to be a poor choice toy for a child.Reasons
 HOW COULD THEY THINK THIS IS OKAY ???? Now , I am not partial to Barbies very much anymore -LRB- I only have one Barbie I really like , and I 've renamed her Miranda . Come on , would YOU like the leader of YOUR fictional rock band to be named BARBARA ?? Yes that 's what Barbie is short for -RRB- , and I 'm really into Bratz -LRB- I started collecting them and ca n't stop . Besides , there 's the plus factor of the almost non-tangly hair , and the no-frizz factor -RRB- , and at least they do n't say it 's okay to be preganant !! I mean look at how young Midge looks ! She looks freaking 16 !! This is an outrage !! Mattel , I dropped you a while ago , but seriously . Come ON . The times are a-changing . There are girls having babies in their freshman year !! Not only is this a human tragedy , but this doll looks like she 's promoting it ! Not that she started it , but she 's saying it 's okay ! Even though I 'm in seventh grade and have a boyfriend , I still feel the need to express what I 'm feeling , and if a lawyer wo n't take it , at least I can vent in a review board . Please , pull this off the shelves !! `` Please , do n't beat me up anymore !! '' - Apu Nahasapeemepetilon ~ + ~ Burnt Zoe and the Toasters ~ + ~
 my daugter loves this doll but i dont think they should make pregnant doll whats that going to teach my girl that its allrigt to be pregnant ? its jus my opinion
 Very dissatisfied with the simplicity of this doll , as well as the generic green complexion they gave all the dolls in this Munsters series . Lily Munster had a lovely white pallor which is not reflected in this ersatz model . Rather disappointed . -LRB- Arrived in good time , though . -RRB-
 I returned it !!! I did not realize it had to be `` built '' or `` assembled '' when i placed the order.Wish it was stated more clearly .
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 Only dissapointment was that it did not come with all the furniture pictured on the box . My daughter was not happy on Christmas day when the furniture was not there .
 Just one Christmas ago , I brought this for my 5 year old child . She had fun with it for about a week and then it broke . The plastic supports in the dollhouse broke without that it does n't hold together . Now it 's just sitting in my garage ... I would n't advise anyone to buy this house .
 i got the classic dollhouse for christmas 2004 . at first the rooms were too small but after a while i worked out were each set fited.and you dont have too put a set together.you can mix and match.were i live , australia it is very hard to get furniture or any fisher price for girls.so we shop online . but this house is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My son had fallen over several times before we threw out the white chair that comes w / this desk . It is not a very good design and is dangerous .
 I too have to say that this set is not for young children . I bought it because the price was great and it was made of sturdy plastic . But the chair legs are too long and get more narrow at the bottom . My son was constantly tipping the chair over and hurting himself . It is a very sturdy set but I wanted something he could use now and ended up returning the set .
 I bought this set for my 20mth old son thinking it matched his toy box so well . I thought it would look cute and was a decent price . My advice - spend a bit more for wood . The chairs are TERRIBLE ! They are top heavy so everytime my son went to sit in one , it would topple . He started to use the table as support , well that also is top heavy . He couldnt get in the chairs without help nor out of them without them falling over . We even tried weighting down with sand !! I am soo frustrated . Dot waste your time with sand . Does NOT make a big enough difference for me to even bothering dealing with it . It took us an hour to even 1/2 way fill one chair and the plugs underneath the chairs -LRB- thought they were there so people could weight the chairs -RRB- they are impossible to remove ... I had this set exactly ONE day !! I am returning it tomorrow for a wooden set !!
 I am completely floored , so to speak , with the chairs that come with this table ... and so are my 2 and 5 year olds because they always seem to end up on it ! The chairs tip over constantly . They 've hurt themselves when it was on the kitchen floor so I moved it to the family room rug and they still fall over . The chairs are light as a feather . I called Step 2 and they sent me 2 new chairs that they said were better designed . Not !!! When I called them back , they said to fill the chairs with sand ! In my house ? It , unfortunately , is in my basement , awaiting disposal . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , no matter how much it matches your decor .
 My 2 year old received this as a gift for her 2nd birthday so she would have a place to have tea parties and do crafts . There has not be one time that she has used it when the chair has n't fallen over . They are too unstable and fall over way too easily . The solid plastic design is invincible , but it is also so light that they just tip over at the drop of a hat . I would n't recommend this table to anyone that is trying to buy a SAFE product for their younger child .
 The chairs seem to be too tall and narrow that my kids both have fallen over and hurt themselves ! We no longer use them ... some chairs I bought at the dollar store work so much better ! I wish I would have never bought it.You also have to screw in the legs and if you do n't get it just right the legs wobble .
 The light-weight , hollow plastic construction of the chairs will make your little ones fall over onto the floor every time they try to sit on these chairs . Also , the legs of the chairs are completely vertical -LRB- up and down -RRB- and do not provide much stability further ensuring that your child will fall over . We have pretty much given up using the chairs altogether and have our toddler sit on a box of baby wipes instead . Even though this table set is cute , BUY SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD .
 I bought this table and chair set to match my 2 year old daughter 's Kitchen and Toy Box but she can never use it . The chairs are too tall for her to get on by herself and they tip over really easily ! Even when her 4 year old cousin came over to play he had a problem getting on the chair ! We ended up selling it at a rummage sell . We are buying a Little Tykes now since the chairs look like they wo n't tip very easily .
 We bought this to go along with the kitchen and it has caused so many accidents in our house . We tried it on the kitchen floor and then move it down to the playroom which is carpeted . The chairs are so light they tip -- add in a toddler 's lack of balance or unrefined gross motor skills and there is an accident waiting to happen . I actually do n't even let anyone play on them anymore.In addition , the set is poorly made . The piece of wood that holds the drawer in place broke off so that it no longer fits in . 2 legs have fallen off.I 'm not sure what sort of plastic paint this has on it but every time I clean it , there is green all over the cleaning cloth . That ca n't be healthy . Especially for kids that are constantly mouthing things .
 We bought this around Christmas time for our 18 mo. old . He was too short at the time to climb on and off himself and fell a few times . I figured it would be fine once he was taller , better at climbing ... nope ! He is over 2years now , 35 in . tall and today tipped over and almost hit his head on the fireplace -LRB- my fault it was too close , but still ! -RRB- These chairs are just not stable . Might be good for a 3 year old ?? Otherwise , I just think it is dangerous and if I still had the box , I would also return/exchange it .
 I love the fact that Step2 makes a table and chair set , to match the Lifestyles step2 kitchen . I have purchased the kitchen for my 3 year old son 's birthday ... and his grandparents purchased the table set to match . Unfortunately , the last two years we have purchased items such as these , from Toys R Us , we get them home only to find out that pieces are missing . I really wish they would do a better job of making sure that everything is in the box . It is a major disappointment when you have spent so much money for only half the product .
 We purchased this table for our 2 and 4 yr . old boys . The table was difficult to assemble as the holes for the screws do not line up correctly . When we finally got it together we found it to be very unstable . The chairs are too tall , and fall over easily . The legs come out of the table making it completely unusable . Our boys have n't touched it in months . This table is a huge disappointment .
 I really liked the idea of this table set - but when we got it home for my busy 20-month old , he had problems sitting in and keeping the chair upright . Just watching him manuver in the chair concerned me so much I put the chairs back in the box . I plan to take the set back .
 i bought this table and chair set for my 2 year old son . I have a few problems with it , first of all the chairs are horrible they tip over very easily my son has fallen off a few times . . Second problem the drawer pulls all the way out why would you make it that way ????? And last but not least the top of the table raised up making it uneven ... If I still had the box I would return this product in a heartbeat ... . save your money ... . After i wrote this review i contacted step 2 and they were very helpful . They sent me out a new table top and two new chairs , which they claimed to have revised ... we will see what happens
 all non-yellow parts of the ducks are painted and come off pretty easily . a little moisture and some teeth for a minute can remove paint . this toy is best for those who are past placing toys or anything in their mouth . I still think they are cute and a great idea ... just need to be made better/safer .
 Toy is much larger than expected . It does not have an off switch ! Just walking by this toy will activate its roar and glowing eyes - not something you want to experience during the night ! My 5 yr . old played a lot with it for the first 2 weeks or so , now it basically just sits there . It was half off online , otherwise I would n't say it was worth it . I would n't get the other `` fire '' dragon for him .
 this toy is a nice concept ... that needs a lot of work . I bought it for my newly 4 year son . unless you write the letters perfectly the toy was unable to recognize them . when my son try to write slowly then the toy did not wait for him to finish his writting , the toy would try to guess the letter . No matter how hard he tried , the toy either got the letter wrong or did not let him finish . The toy concept is great but it needs a lot of work as no parent will buy this toy if their kids know how to form their letters already . it works best if you know how to form your letters already then what 's the point ??? This is a very frustrating toy for the little one who is learning to write their letters and does n't have a handle on them yet .
 The `` smart writer '' does n't work well . Even when I try and write letters , it often does n't recognize the letter -LRB- and my handwriting is n't that bad ! -RRB- .
 We just bought this for our three year old son . He knows his letters very well and can read a little too . So we hoped that this would encourage him to develop his writing ability . The problem is when he writes the letter his way the machine will not accept it . This is discouraging and he tends to ask me or his father to write the letters . Sometimes we ca n't even get an approval on the letter !? As a result he tends to play the other little games such as `` missing letter '' or pressing the animals on the smart board . The animals on the smartboard serve no purpose really . The funny pages that come with the machine are a waste . These are just photocopy quality coloring pages with the each letter of the alphabet printed on . These tend to get crinkled and torn in a couple of uses . If this toy was priced $ 20 lower it would be fine , but for this price , V - tech should do better .
 I bought this for my 31/2 year old who was already writing her letters pretty well . This toy is awful for recognizing letters and would even tell me I was incorrect when I wrote one perfectly . It only frustrates my daughter and makes her feel like she did n't do a good job . On the other hand , she enjoys playing the games on it . I wo n't even save this toy for my second child and would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this for my 41/2 year old daughter , hoping that this would help her with learing how to write her ABC 's . It does seem to show you how to write letters , but unless you put enough pressure with the stylus AND write the letters EXACTLY the computer will not recognize them . My daughter was really excited when she got it ... but is now pure frustration because she can not write the letter exactly . Very dissappointed with this toy !
 I bought this for my 4 year old son who took an interest in learning to write some letters . It would n't receognoze the letters he wrote no matter how careful he wrote them . What a huge waste of money and I 'm very disappointed . The games are difficult and do not give the preschooler enough time to solve them . For $ 35 it should be much better . He was happier with some lined paper and a pencil !
 I bought this thinking it would help my 4 yr old learn to write . It gives great instructions on how to write the letter , I will say that . However , unless your child writes PERFECTLY , it wo n't say they wrote the letter . I myself wrote letters and numbers with it , only to be told `` good try . '' It is more frustrating to my daughter than anything else . If I had tried it before I bought it , I never would have made the purchase .
 This product has no protection for battery access . There is only a plastic cover to it that clips . Can pose a danger to children ! I returned it and am no longer buying their products until they change it ! Reporting to CPSC !
 Great concept to help your kids write . Terrible execution !!! Here 's what happens when you want to practice letters . The toy 's frame flips up and you insert a letter 's sheet -LRB- by the way , you only get one sheet for each letter - do n't even think about letting your child use crayons on the originals - better find a copier -RRB- . You put the frame back down , which triggers the toy to ask you to press on a star that tells it which letter you inserted . It then starts a 10 second tutorial on writing the letter before it asks you to practice writing . Here 's the PROBLEM - the toy is so shoddy and poorly made that the frame is loose and not secure . When you even bump the plastic frame , for instance when you actually want to WRITE inside it , the toy thinks you lifted the frame and it resets to asking you to press that stupid star again . There goes 10 seconds , again and again and again . Even I myself could n't reliably avoid touching the frame . Think about a 3 year old trying to do this.Avoid this toy . Waste of money .
 My son 's grandmother got him this toy after he wanted it SO bad after seeing it on tv last year . He was so excited but after a few days of the toy constantly telling him his letters were wrong -LRB- though he was writing them fine , like a 5 year old -RRB- he just could n't handle the toy anymore and resorted to coloring on it and wasting the paper . Now its in the trash as it was also not very durable.Many other better toys out there for learning .
 In concept , the Write 'n Learn Smartboard is brilliant ; the user gets real time feedback whenever he completes the letter or task . In reality , however , the system demands that letters be printed ` just right ' and does n't allow any room for the half scribbled un-eveness that the average 4-5 year old produces . For that matter , I 'm almost 40 yrs old and it took me 3 try 's to write a ` B ' that the system would accept . As my sons writing becomes more refined , I can definitely see this being helpful . . but for now , we stick with the games .
 I was so excited to buy this for my almost 5 yr old son . It has been such a disappointment and a frustrating toy for both of us . If you do n't write the letter correctly it does n't recognize it . How do you explain to a little one who is trying so hard when the toy keeps telling him he is wrong ? I would not recommend this toy and am very disappointed that I purchased it .
 I recently received a similar gift item by Cutie Pie Baby -- a 6-piece bath set . Although the design is really adorable , the quality is very low . I washed the items -LRB- hooded towel , washcloths , etc -RRB- as instructed , and they fell apart . I am attempting to get some resolution from the manufacturer , but have been told that there is no customer service department and I have to find a store that sells the item if I want to return it . The combination of shoddy workmanship and poor service I have experienced with this manufacturer leads me to recommend spending your money on something else .
 This model was shown at a huge discount and a list price of $ 459 and mentions brass parts . One would assume it was a good quality cast model which is what I wanted , instead I got a cheap plastic glue together one . I would return it but the postage cost more than the item . Buyer beware .
 My husband and I bought this for our son for Christmas who was 8 months old at the time . We had never bought a Vtech toy before , but for Christmas we bought 3 . Of the 3 , 2 were broken within 2 months after Christmas . The first one broke 2 WEEKS after Christmas . I was PO 'd because this is not a cheap toy . My son did nothing to break the toy . He has never broken a toy and he has dozens of Fisher Price toys and some Leapfrog . The page in the center that changes the modes stopped worked all of a sudden out of the blue . We tried exchanging it at Toys R ' Us 4 times , and they never got any back in stock . I tried e-mailing Vtech customer service and my e-mail was returned saying the e-mail does n't exist ?! Aside from all that , the issue with babies ' hands and fingers getting wedged under the pig is ridiculous . It should n't have passed the safety checks . I wish I had realized this when I bought it , though I will admit my son never tried to stick his fingers in there . He only tapped the pig from the front to make it swing.The voice is n't THAT bad . It did n't bother me at all , but that is because I expect the house to be full of noise with a toddler around . On a final note , my son did enjoy this toy very much for a month or two . Now , 4 months later , he does n't even bother to look at it or kicks it away if I give it to him.Save your money !!!
 I just received a response from the company that to me is subpar given that these toys are in the mouths and hands of babies and children and contain BPA and PVC . I 've read the research on both materials and conclude that I do n't want my child to be exposed to either , especially on a daily basis . As these items are made in China and not rigorously tested , I am afraid to know what goes under the radar . I also feel this glut of cheap , plastic material is not good for the earth .
 I am surprised to find this toy not a recalled item . My toddler , while playing with this toy got his middle finger wedged into the tiny space above the ` swinging pig ' . It was extremly difficult to free his finger and now it is very badly bruised . I would advise any parent or loved one to NOT purchase this toy .
 We were given this toy as a gift , and at first I was very excited about all the different things it is able to do ... until my daughter got hurt ! The pig on this toy sits on a swing and swings back and forth . My daughter was playing with it and started to cry ! Her fingers got stuck where the pig swings . I honestly figured it was just a fluke , but decided to hold off on letting her play with it until she was a bit older . At 13 months I brought the toy back out and let her play with it again . A few days later her hand got so stuck where the pig swings and I could n't get it out !!! She was hysterical , and it took quite a bit of wiggling to get her little hand free . Her fingers where very red and she cried and cried ! I am so lucky it was n't a serious injury . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS TOY ! It is now in the trash , where it belongs !
 This review is about the same toy with the little swinging pig on the right hand side . If you get that model after ordering , send it back immediately . It is extremely dangerous to babies . My one-year old got his fingers stuck twice under the balancing pig . Basically , I am not sure why this item is still for sale anywhere and maybe it was par of a hidden recall by Vtech because obviously they have another safer model out .
 I am not happy about this toy , because i was saw in the amazon this toy has different look and feel and it has different futures in the description , but i have received different look and feel , and very less futures and fun . My son is not happy to see this toy .
 Worked for only one day then no sound nothing more to say we ca n't use it anymore
 My son received this toy for Christmas . At 4 months old he is still a litle young for it - he ca n't push the buttons or turn the page yet . He does enjoy watching the lights and listening to the animal sounds . However , when I play it with him so he can watch the lights , it drives me CRAZY because the man singing `` Old McDonald Had a Farm '' is singing OUT OF TUNE with the melody playing behind it . Why could n't they get someone to sing the song correctly ?? If I 'm going to have to listen to this a million times as he grows up & plays with it , I REALLY WISH it was in the correct tune !!
 Our son received this toy for his first birthday . It has a lot of good features -- teaches colors , numbers , farm animals and their sounds , several songs . But the music is AWFUL -- the singer is off-key on every single song -LRB- either that , or they did a bad job of matching up the music to his voice -RRB- . As someone who appreciates music , I can not tolerate listening to this , especially since there are far better toys out there . Since our son already has 2 LeapFrog toys which teach the same concepts as this toy -LRB- the Learning Table , which has much better quality music , and the Fridge Farm -RRB- , we will be exchanging the Vtech Discovery Nursery Farm for a different toy .
 Beware - The swinging pig is a danger . Our daughter got her hand/fingers caught on the pig enough times that we are throwing the toy away!Side note - This is the worst sounding toy you will EVER hear!As we are throwing the toy away , I would prefer to give it zero stars , but that is not an option !
 I do n't know what took me so long to write this review , but we received this as a gift for our son last year when he was 7 months old , and HE loved it right away . WE did not . You 've probably already read this here a dozen times in other reviews , but first and foremost , it 's kinda dangerous . The swinging pig has just enough room for little fingers to get wedged in , and I only figured that out when I saw my son stick his fingers in there , notice they were sort of wedged , and yank them back out on his own . Lovely . The other problem ? The guy singing is so terribly off key that it hurts my ears to listen . What kind of idiot green-lights a toy for their company with an off-key singer ? If you 're trying to foster musical aptitude for your little one , this is n't the toy for you . Another issue , the toy flips between number and color mode simply by hitting theh `` piano '' key twice . So , you get one , red , blue , five ; rather than one , two , three or red orange yellow . Not such a big deal , ok . But then there 's the issue of the orange pig . See , the piano keys will say yellow like the sun or blue like the pond . I guess they could n't come up withh anything for orange , so they made the pig orange . Only thing is ... pigs are pink . My son has tired of this toy now , thank goodness , cuz I 'm tired of supervising him so his fingers stay squish-free . Please , folks , I 'm telling you , you do n't want this one .
 We bought this for our son last Christmas and it was broken within 3 weeks !!! This is unacceptable for any toy , much less one I paid $ 20 for !! The page in the middle that switches modes just stopped working for no reason whatsoever . My son has NEVER broken a toy and we own many Fisher Price and LeapFrog toys . I tried to exchange it many many times and the store never got it back in stock . I tried to contact Vtech via email and had my email returned as undeliverable . It was a cute idea , especially how the song `` voice '' changes when you touch a different animal , but with the safety issue with the pig and how hard it is for little ones to move the sheep , it 's just not worth it . We bought another Vtech toy last Christmas as well -LRB- Sing & Discover Piano -RRB- and it broke within 2 months . I will never buy another Vtech toy !! There are much better toys out there . Do n't waste your money !!
 We got this toy for my son . After 2 drops , the thing is not working . Now , which 1 or 2 year old does n't drop toys ? The manufacture should thought of it and makes the toy more durable .
 We had this toy for less that one year and both of our boys got their hands stuck in the piggy door . Thanks to a good company like V Tech they replaced the toy . I would definitly tell anyone considering this toy to move on ...
 My husband and I bought this at a garage sale for $ 3 from a friend . I 'd be furious if I had bought this in a store . We are both musicians and it kills our ears everytime that man sings on there . My child loves playing with it but it will probably be tossed out the door for everyone 's sanity .
 My 11 moth old son has gotten his fingers stuck twice in the swinging pig . This toy is a real danger to infants . Please DO NOT take it upon yourself to determine whether this toy is dangerous . Believe these reviews ! This really happens . My son 's fingers were wedged under the pig and it took myself and my husband to free his fingers without inflicting more pain . This toy belongs in the trash and deserves no stars .
 My 10 month old son got his finger caught in the swinging pig door on 3 occasions . The final straw was when it took two of us to free his finger from the toy and left him with a black and blue finger the next day . This toy is dangerous . I called the VTECH 800 number to complain/warn them about the poor design of the toy . I dealt with a slow , inept customer service person who told me he would file my complaint and asked ME to call back in a few days to see if any managers replied to my complaint !!! He never even asked me what or how it happened !! Poor customer service , dangerous toys , and a high price for a toy that will hopefully end up in the trash before it breaks some poor kids finger . My rating for this toy and VTECH customer service is 0 stars .
 My 11 and 23 month old kept getting thier fingers stuck under the swinging pig door . The space is large enough to fit a small finger under and it 's not easy to get out ! I let it slide the first time it happened to my 11 month old , but when it happened to my 23 month old and continued happening , I put it away . Each of them would panic and scream bloody murder because they could n't remove their fingers ! How much fun is that ?? Also , the person who sings is REALLY annoying and off key . Not a very good design .
 My 18 month son absolutely loves this toy , but it is the most annoying thing I 've ever heard . The guy who sings `` Old Mac Donald '' is terrible and off key . If you do n't mind annoying toys then this is the one for you . Also it 's one of those toys that when your child is finished playing with it , it attempts to lour them back to play with it some more !
 This toy is one of the few toys I 've seen with so many features . I like the design and my baby loves to play with it . Animals and buttons are easy to be pushed and moved back and forth , it makes something different every time and baby does n't get bored . Even the sun is really easy for him to be turned right an left . No sharp edges or parts that might be a concerns for my baby security . As far as it has been at home -LRB- 3 days -RRB- , no accidents have happended . But I 'll keep an eye on the `` orange '' pig just in case.THE ONLY COMPLAINT
 We got this toy for out daughter when she was a year old . She absolutely loved the music and lights and turning the pages on the book ... until she got her hand stuck under the swinging pig . Ok , I thought , maybe a fluke . Then it happened 2 more times , and the third time left marks on her hand and wrist . It 's going back to v-tech , and they are looking into the problem . Kudo 's for them for taking the complaint seriously . I 've never had a problem with any other v-tech toys . My daughter will never play with this again .
 i did not see the reviews but still was daring to buy this toy . when i received it i was only dissappointed.the blocks are very small for kids to see need a microscope to build the blocks .
 This was a terrible toy . Someone bought this as a birthday gift for my seven-year-old son . Naturally , my ex-wife did n't want to bother with all the pieces so she gave the headache to me.The pieces were microscopic , which made it hard enough to put together . On top of that , the pieces do n't fit as well as good ol' Legos . I realize that it 's supposed to be `` nano , '' but I think I lost a couple of pieces under my fingernails.All 500 + pieces come in one big bag . So we spent most of our time hunting for pieces that were literally an eigth of an inch small.I actually spent several hours putting together the Mega Bloks Teenage Mutant Ninja Lair last Christmas . I thought that was awful until I got to this one . -LRB- Go and read the reviews that others wrote for that one -RRB- . Anyone who writes anything positive about this toy is working for the company . The only positive that I 've encountered in the Mega Bloks sets is that none of the pieces are missing . But I 'd honestly welcome that if got me finished quicker .
 Was very upset with how cheap these are made . . They look used and dirty . Would not recommend these for any child . I have Purchased these types of blankets for my granddaughter and was excited to find these on amazon but what a big disappointment would not recommend to anyone .
 The product itself met or exceeded expectations . The product was soft , silky and my baby likes it . The shipping on this $ 10 , very lightweight item was $ 15 . I have Amazon Prime , so did n't check prior to checkout on the shipping or I would not have purchased .
 Well , my favorite animal is the scallopped hammerhead shark , so i was excited to see a beanie baby in this configuration . Imagine my dissappointment when I opened it and saw that the bottom of the shark is a weird tie-dye acid trip of colors .
 I bought this product new and when I got it stunk like someones dusty trashy house . It also was ratty looking like a used stuffed animal gets when it has been played with . It had the tags but so does some of my daughters stuffed animals , but it does n't mean they are new . This one is n't that cute either .
 Great service ! Super fast delivery ! Good price ! Just what I was looking for . Thanks !
 So , what we like about this puzzle is that it 's enormous -- it 's the size of a first-grader . After you put it together twice , all educational value has been gleaned . There 's only 15 pieces , 6 bones are named -LRB- Humerus , Femur , Radius , Ulna , Tibia , Fibula -RRB- . Some of the long bones have their Latin names -LRB- see above -RRB- but then you get SPINE -LRB- not vertebrae -RRB- and HEAD -LRB- not cranium -RRB- and HAND -LRB- Not carpals/metacarpals/phalanges -RRB- . No mandible , no patella , no scapula/clavicle , no sternum ...
 I bought two of these , one for a 10 year old and one for an 11 year old . It was too small for them to really handle and play . They played with them for a few days , but it was n't exactly what they needed for their age and size . They broke easy too . Would be nice for a younger child .
 I purchased this guitar for my 7 year old daughter . When I received the guitar the built in amp did not work . The power light came on as normal but it had no sound at all . This guitar does come with an amp cable though and does have the hook up port for an amp , so I went and bought an amp for it , and it worked great with the amp I bought . This guitar is a real electric guitar for beginners . It 's not just a toy . It is ideal size for a small child . Just do n't have high expectations on the built in amp working !!! If the amp had worked I would have given this item a 5 star rating .
 May be it is good for tennis stringing but I ca n't tell . It is not for Badminton stringing . If it does , very clumsy .
 My 7 year old and my 3 years old found this kit boring , the art selection is very poor and it did not last long .
 I bought this for my eight-year-old daugher thinking it would be a decent entry-level microscope for her . It turned out to easily be the most disappointing Christmas gift I got.First of all , it 's very cheaply constructed almost entirely of plastic . More importantly though , the focusing knob did n't work at all . Right out of the box there was no way to adjust the focus . It was completely useless . What a disappointment ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The components of this microscope that generate the light from batteries started melting in its first application . The batteries got very hot . Upon inspection , the design is flawed . If used around children , be VERY CAREFUL . Meade is generally a very good company , but this item , manufactured in China , is flawed .
 This microscope is poorly constructed . It arrived and nothing worked . The mirror/light was in pieces , the slide platform did not operate and the optics were slanted and distorted . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!
 The 8200 microscope is far less then anything you would expect for the price . I was disapointed with the very small and not well made product . If you want a toy microscope by the lower price units and save your money . If you want something to use and explore with spend more on a better made unit .
 I bought a broken one at Goodwill Industries , $ 5 with the slide set . The bottom comes off by prying , for replacing the batteries . From the bottom , without pulling the vertical structure out of the base , one may loosen the screw and nut that clamps the lifting rack to the stage assembly . Without a right-angle phillips screw driver , it helps to drill a hole in the base , center , high up near the top of the base , to avoid hitting the electrical strap for the batteries -LRB- 2 - AA Cells -RRB- to have a hole to pass a conventional phillips screw driver . There are 5 greased ball bearings to center the stage assembly while allowing it to rise and fall . Remove the bottom 3 ball bearings ; the upper two seem to stay in place without need of removal . The bearings can be forced back into place in the re-assembly . Pull the lifting rack out . It will be broken and come out in two pieces . It is black plastic with a structural profile on the side away from the rack gears . A piece of hobby-supply hard wood rod of square cross section 1/4 `` X1/4 '' can be cut to have a piece as long as the structural cavity on the back of the lifting rack , or a little shorter , not critical as to length . Glue and clamp the wood piece into the structural cavity . Clamp the glued assembly transversely at the broken interface and clamp it longitudinally in a vise , gently , to be sure to close the gap at the break in the rack gear teeth . -LRB- rather small teeth -RRB- . It may not be necessary to do anything with the thumbwheels and pinion gear in the vertical frame of the microscope , if both pieces of the rack will come out . Eack knob has a set screw , one knob also screws onto the pinion shaft . The screw adjustment is to center the pinion on the rack - not difficult if it is necessary for removal of the broken piece . One can use `` Goop '' glue , which takes 24 hours to set . In reassembly , there are two spacer bushings on the pinion shaft that have to be spread apart during reinsertion of the glue-repaired rack piece . After that , first shove in the single ball bearing that 's in the center of the stage piece , then shove in the two opposite ball bearings . During use of the repaired microscope , one must be cautious to avoid forcing the knobs at either end of travel , for the rack gear teeth are miserably flimsy plastic , and could be ground smooth by the steel pinion . This could be an issue with the youthful intended user group .
 False advertising !! You do not get the hutch or file cabinet like they make you believe !! Only the desk , which is very cheap and unstable!Don ' t make the same mistake I made , save your money and buy elsewhere!BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the product info suggests you get the desk , hutch and pedestal even showing a picture of them all . When the desk showed up without the hutch and pedestal , the rep from Homevisions blamed Amazon for the misrepresented product description and confusion . I ended up taking apart the desk and it was n't until almost a month later that it was picked up . This company was terrible to deal with and the desk was n't worth the price . Stay Away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Great series of LOTR figures.sadly , they are not in a display box , or packaged for retail ! if you are a serious collector , skip this ! it comes in a white box , open it and out come the figures . good for kids who want to play with them . bad for investment potential .
 THIS IS BAD REALLY BAD IN PLASTIC NO DISPLAY BOX NOTHING FOR THE PRICE I EXPECTED MORE.MY DAUGHTER WILL LOVE IT AS SHE LOVES LORD OF THE RINGS BUT I FEEL THE PRICE SHOULD BE MUCH LESS AND AMAZON NEED TO SORT THIS ONE OUT
 This item did not work upon the receipt of it . It 's voice box was out.I was sent Another with the same issue
 Really disappointed over all in the NationalGeographic toys . This one also failed miserably in performance . This was purchased for a 6 year old for Christmas . As another review stated you ca n't keep it in alignment or focus even as an adult . The 6 year old was NEVER able to focus in even on a big bright star.He got very frustrated from trying and even started to cry . You can see more with our pair of binoculars . Save your money and go for a higher power and better frame , ect .
 We have tried to use this telescope many times . The lack of a view finder makes it really difficult . It also is hard to get the lenses to stay in the right alignment or get the right focal length . It works fine for daytime outdoor viewing of distant trees , but it is really disappointing and frustrating at night .
 My daughter received the Tracing Table as a gift for her birthday . We inserted 4 new AA batteries and she began to trace . After 10 minutes the small light that enables the tracing went out . Just to make sure , we put in 4 new batteries , but the table would still not light up . Now the toy is totally useless until I make a special trip to hunt down the small bulb required for the toy . Another odd note
 ALTHOUGH THIS TOY IS FUN AND HAS EDUCATIONAL VALUE , IT DOES N'T WORK CORRECTLY . LIGHT BULB DOES NOT STAY LIT . THE LIGHT BURNED OUT AFTER PLAYING WITH IT FOR A FEW MINUTES .
 I love the concept of this set and having my toddler be able to play and `` dry '' her hair and use the mirror etc. while I got ready , however the pieces are really cheap and the noises on the hair dryer are barely audible . I would look into purchasing another set ...
 This is another one of those electronic `` learning '' toys that simply inundates infants and toddlers with lights and noise , was slapped together just as fast as the makers could and put out on the market for us to waste our $ $ . It is so loud and flashy , and I do n't believe it offers much in the way of learning . The phrases it says are totally unrelated to the button pressed . It does n't say `` triangle '' when you press the triangle button , for example . Instead , when pressed , the buttons activate silly , meaningless little phrases such as `` Clap your hands '' and `` You 're a little brainy baby . '' Instead of this toy , I recommend the Leap Frog bus , caterpillar , and activity table , and the Laugh and Learn Learning Table . This was my first `` Brainy Baby '' purchase and it will be my last .
 I got this remote Bart b/c it was so cheap , and I have to say it 's worth the money . Bart 's arms swing around as if he were really balancing on the skateboard . Normal batteries power it for an acceptable amount of time . And it just looks funny!The only problem I have with it is that it does n't work very well on hardwood floors . I was hoping to be able to run it around the house during commercial breaks , but the wheels do n't get very good traction and steering does n't work very well . Because it 's designed to do a wheelie easily , not enough weight rests on the front wheels and they get very little grip . The throttle is either off or full blast so you ca n't slowly ease it into a turn . And unfortunatley once a little wax gets on the wheels -LRB- after about 1 minute -RRB- , he no longer can pull off the wheelie . But again this is all based on indoor hardwoord floor use . I 'm sure he works better on a surface with more grip .
 i just have one word to descibe you , cade = UGH !!!! how could toy makers be soo stupid . i mean , they must have designed cade in the dark !! look at his hair !! if you think he is hot , you need help
 We got one of these when we bought our new home . It came with the house . We love it as do my boys -LRB- 4 and 16 months -RRB- but unfortunately , the wasps love it too . The bright colours attract them and the gaps left where the pieces join together are apparently considered prime real estate for wasps to build their nests . I 'm allergic to bees so I am in fear whenever we go in our backyard . I do a walk-around the structure every day , but between morning and nap there have been industrious wasps and so we ca n't play outside till my husband comes home and gets the nest down and sprays the living daylights out of the wasps or whatever these nasty things are . We are looking into getting either a metal structure or a wooden one ... something not as bright and cheerful looking and something without all those little holes .
 I , as many others , bought this item at my local store for my son 's first birthday . The birthday party was really the only time my son played on it . He enjoyed the big slide . Unfortunately , the small slide was broken when we bought it , and we have never received a replacement even though I have tried on several occasions to get one . We have also tried to reconfigure the tunnel and have been unsuccessful . I have encouraged him to play on it many times , but at two and a half he seems to have outgrown it and does n't show much interest . We have other items by the same brand and are very happy with them . For the money we paid , I thought this would last us at least a few years . I am now looking for something else for my son to play on outside .
 i bought this playground for my 2 yr old twins but they never got to play with it because we could n't assemble it . my brother and i tried for several hours over the course of two days . we even contacted the little tikes hotline for hints , but to no avail because it is still in pieces . i am so upset over this . i am planning on just returning it . my advice is perhaps to find someone who has put it together through your local toy store and use that person . i spent -LSB- a lot -RSB- and i do n't want to spend -LSB- more -RSB- to have someone put it together . i even ordered replacement parts because i was convinced it was not cut out correctly . some of the sides just would budge . think before you buy .
 Questions # 1 - # 3 I could n't answer well because I had to refund this item . Two men -LRB- roofers ! -RRB- and I could n't put the first piece into the second piece . We had tried unsuccessfully for four hours and seven minutes . I am convinced not to buy Little Tikes `` slot-and-groove '' products anymore . Seeing the disappointment on my Daughter 's face on her Birthday is certainly the resolve I need to stay away from this and similar products . ` Such a shame !
 it was played upon at my son 's birthday party when he turned 3 , and hardly afterwards . maybe it 's a girl playground?it falls apart everytime it 's moved.it 's harder than heck to put together -LRB- body slamming is advised -RRB- . my son 's three and a half now , so this did n't even make it to 4 . DO YOU WAN NA BUY MINE ? FREE DELIVERY IN NASHVILLE AREA
 I bought this playground about 4 years ago when my daughter was almost 2 . I figured that with the recommended age range up to 8 , it would be $ 300 + well spent . However , it just was n't that much of a hit with her or her friends . It 's been used occasionally for a few minutes at a time , not much of a draw . I do n't think she 's used it once since she turned 5 . So much for recommended age up to 8 . The yellow archway connector over the big slide comes apart all the time , even a child can pull it off . When we move it to mow the lawn -LRB- not a small effort -RRB- , the playhouse part comes apart . It 's also a major undertaking to change the configuration of the pink tunnel , so make sure you like the way you 've got it when you put it together !
 I love bratz and I am new here . I just start to like Bratz and also My Scene . I do n't like this theme so much co ' z of their hairs . I do n't like their hairs . It 's ugly but there 's a lot of stuff that came along with this doll . I love the Princess , Tresures , Genie and Rockz Anglez theme . Not my favorite theme . `` !! ~ ~ Allisya ~ ~ !! ``
 I like all dolls excpet for Bratz !!! They have snobby , Bratty faces and they are dressed up like street girlz . . I do n't think they are very appropriate . Barbies and My Scene is much better !
 What a rubbish doll!I hate Bratz but I have my reasons ... like : they copy myscene -LRB- see my other review for Chelsea Masquerade madness -RRB- , they break all the time and there really big headed lacking feet , weird proportions and gross angry snobby faces!DONT BUY THIS DOLL !! If you have , -LRB- what were you thinking ... sell it quick and buy a myscene -LRB- i personally recommend Kenzie but they all rock ! Thankyoou !!!!!!
 well I do n't . Their heads are way too large , I mean if a human had no brain they would have a rather small head - See my point?AND they are really easy to break , I got one for my birthday and I was n't too happy and then it broke and it made me realize how much I really hate , no make that dispise , Bratz AND have you noticed how they have stumps for feet , well that shows that the makers of Bratz could n't be bother to design a decent pair of feet.Have a nice day and remember , MY SCENE ROCK THE WORLD !!!!!!!
 They are the most disguisting dolls to be on earth and influence our daughters . My sister luvs bratz and -LSB- ... -RSB- . She wants to dress like them so before you buy your kids one ask yourselves
 I HATE BRATZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SLUTTY FOR CHILDREN !!!!! DONT BUY THIS UGLY , FUGLY , BRATZ DOLL !!!!!!!!!!!! LIDIA-MY SCENE FAN-BRATZ HATER !!!!!!!!!!!
 I normaly love Bratz . I normaly do n't mind fashion ` errors ' . I normaly enjoy mixing and matching , but this time MGA has taken it one step too far . Ok , lets look at this perspectively , she has green pants -LRB- that have elastic bottoms with lace -RRB- and an orange belt over it . Triple ew ! Next , she 's got an ok shirt thats black with a pink and orange striped scarf . It resembles dog puke . Now she has an adorable skirt and they just had to ruin it by adding an ugly pair of ankle tights with rainbow stripes . Yeah , the accessories are fine but to make up for it they gave her NEON -LRB- yes , N-E-O-N -RRB- high-lights . If anyone thought that looks good , you need a reality check ! And no , I did n't make a mistake when I said five stars for educational , because it teaches you how to ruin a perfectly fine doll . At least the rest of the Tokyo-a-go-go dolls are partially matching !! Please , I am only trying to do you good when I say this , DO N'T BUY THIS DOLL !!!!!!!!
 Fianna is okay in the Tokyo Bratz , but why did they put so much yarn in her hair ?! One day I was playing and a bunch of yarn came out of the hair style ; this doll 's hair is terrible but the accessories are awesome ! Also one of her feet pegs is coming lose , I mean right when I opened the doll her feet fell off revealing a crooked Peg on her leg ! I do not suggest this doll . Yasmin is very cool though !
 I hate Brats/Bratz . You should n't buy this freakingly ugly and stupid doll . See her hair ? Wow , that is seriously ugly ! I recently own this freakingly ugly doll for my UPSR . My auntie gave it to me when she was working at Los Angles . I hated this doll !!!! I dipped her head in hot water and her hair color fades so I bought hair dyes -LRB- green and blue -RRB- and mixed them up . I smeard all over her hair and she looks like and idiot -LRB- of course she looks like an idiot before I dyed her hair -RRB- . I tossed her around my bedroom wall and draw some blood and stitches around her ugly face . I let my kitten bit it and messes her hair . My kitten seems hated it to , she does n't want to play with it again . My opinion is , SHE IS FREAKINGLY UGLY , I HATED HER SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Torryiana
 We purchased two of these swings to go on our outdoor play gym for our triplets . We got it when they were about 18 months old -LRB- they are now 22 months old -RRB- . Our biggest issue is getting them in and out with shoes on . Their feet are constantly catching when trying to get them out and the two boys , who are larger , are much more difficult to get out . Several times my biggest , who is only 28lbs , has scraped skin off of his shins and knees when trying to pull his legs out . I 'm going to replace these with the 2-in-1 safe and secure swings so that I can get them out more easily without them getting hurt . Such a disappointment .
 We have had this swing for only two years and have only used it a few times and the ropes are fraying . It leaves little slivers all over the child and the person pushing the swing . Currently I have the rope duct taped and that is working for now . I do not want to spend the money on another Little Tikes swing after dealing with their customer service . They will not do anything about their defective product . If possible I would buy anything Step 2 . They have awesome customer service .
 i bought this swing for my 18 month old . it is a piece of junk . the ropes are not put in right , and the thing swings crooked . there is no way to fix this yourself , i have to lug the thing back to the store . do not buy this swing - get any other model - preferably one that you can adjust yourself to ensure that it swings straight forward and back - not diagonal like this particular swing . very annoying !
 I have n't used this product very much for my son . It 's a good swing , but with the spot that I have it hanging , it does n't work well . If the ropes were adjustable we would use it , but the front ropes are too long and it 's hard for my son to stay leaning back in it .
 Buy the FP swing . This swing was very uncomfortable for my child and hard to get in and out of .
 ropes are cheap , and while strong , make the swing sit at an angle and swing not straight , but in an eliptical figure eight pattern .
 I have to agree with a previous reviewer who mentioned the twisty ropes and short length of the ropes . First of all , the height of the swing is just perfect for me to get hit in the face with my toddlers feet . I have n't actually gotten hit because now I push from the back . The swing is crooked and swings diagonally , which does n't bother my daughter , but makes it a little more difficult to push . I am not a fan of this swing . We got it because our other swings strap lock broke , but I actually prefer to use our old swing even though it 's broken . My advise would be to keep shopping around for a better swing .
 THIS ITEM NEEDS MORE RESEARCH GOOD CONCEPT BUT IT IS NOT AS SAFE AS I WOULD I LIKE . IT NEEDS SOMETHING .
 This chalk is extremely difficult to erase , at least on a Quartet porcelain-on-steel board . I have to use a damp cloth . In contrast , a different brand of chalk -LRB- Prang -RRB- works as I would expect .
 The skirt in this outfit is too hard to connect to the doll . The child has to ask an adult for help . The adult has to maneuver the skirt to find the one place where it will stay connected and the least movement will jar it loose.Snap N ' Style Ballerina Fashions
 This does not have any substance for the price I paid . Just some paper with a cheap calculator and cheap pen . The checkbook cover is nice , but not worth the money . Make this yourself at home using your own old checkbook cover and pen .
 This product is ... excuse my language ... crap ! It really does look like I bought it from the local dollar shop . I still think my 7 year old niece will like it but wow ... I paid $ 18 for THIS ! It really is just printed paper , not checkbook quality . For $ 18 , you seriously are better off downloading a free check template online and printing on a color printer . Grab an old check registry -LRB- we all have one -RRB- , and a cheap calculator from th $ 1 shop .
 I bought a play checkbook at the dollar store . My daughter used some scrap cardboard & duct tape we already had , to create a cover . Used regular pens . My kids do n't get allowance , but I do pay them for extra work around the house . I used the one I bought to write them a check , and keep track of what they are owed . They get payed when I get payed .
 NOT THE REAL CASINO QUALITY CARDS , NOT EVEN CLOSE . . EVEN THOUGH CASINOS USE KEM , THESE ARE NOT THE ONES THEY USE . TRY PUR CHASING A 500PC CHEAP POKER CHIP SET AND IT WILL COME WITH BETTER PLASTIC COATED PLAYING CARDS .
 First of all , I want to tell you I love KEM cards , but this set up was defective and I waited to long before I opened it to return them . First off , one deck was thicker than the other , by about 10 cards . One deck had a bad King and the other deck had a card with a tiny little plastic chunk on the side . I thought I could just remove it with my thumb nail , but when I did the card ripped . So within five minutes of play , I had two decks that were no good.So check them out as soon as you get them . I do n't think they are as well made as the cards from 10 years ago .
 I recently purchased a set of KEM cards as well as a set of Copag cards as my first plastic playing cards . The KEM cards are very pretty with vibrant colours and the arrow back design is much more attractive -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than the Copag 1546 back . I also found the face of the KEM cards to be nicer , but the Copag cards started to grow on me , and now I actually prefer the Copag face designs . The KEM cards have a bit of a glossy finish while the Copag cards are matte white . Both brands shuffle like a dream and feel nice to handle , but I must say that the Copag cards honestly feel better.The KEM cards would be very nice if it were n't for their quality issues . Before purchasing , I had read that KEM cards have a problem with warping , but I figured it was just a few people with bad decks . Unfortunately , my brand new KEM cards decided to start warping . I only unwrapped one deck from the set , but as soon as I did the two jokers started warping . The cards were stored in their hardshell case in an air conditioned room that never fluctuated far from 70 degrees . I decided to unwrap the other deck , and the top cards started warping on that one as well . These cards come with a very nice plastic case that you can not even store them in because they will warp . I now keep my KEM decks pressed under some heavy books when not being used , but all four jokers are ruined.This is what you are paying for by spending extra on the KEM cards . I have read that Copag cards have issue with ink fading over time , but it is completely unacceptable to me that my brand new set of -LRB- supposedly -RRB- premium cards began warping as soon as they were unwrapped . My Copag cards are just fine being stored in their case . No warping whatsoever.Do yourself a favor and stay away from these cards . It seems to be a pretty common consensus that KEM cards used to be amazing but have dropped significantly in quality in recent years , and the two decks that I received are enough to convince me of that . Trust me when I say that a higher price tag does not make these cards better . I would now take Copag over KEM any day of the week .
 I ordered a BLACK challenger concept car for my husband for Christmas . This was the color of the car featured on Amazon . What I received was an orange car . I contacted the company to complain . And , while PIMA did contact me back and was very nice , they said they had no control over what is sent from the manufacturer . So , basically , I wanted a black car . It was shown as a black car , but you are sent whatever color the manufacturer wants to send . That is not good customer service and I will not be ordering from them again .
 I wanted a &#34; Black SRT8 &#34; and I received a &#34; RED prototype &#34; . This was to be a gift for an owner of a real one and now it will be too late.I am not happy .
 Do n't know about hard to find ... I 've seen this red hued version in several sites . Its great articulation , very detailed . Its most prominent feature is NOT the red colour , but its smell ! Very strong plastic/chemical scent , possibly toxic ?? Brought on a headache . Soaked it in soapy water that toned it down some . After , noticed leg joints were really loose . Lost some points for durability . I bought it cheaper than now seen . Guess we know why ...
 HA ! HA ! Bratz Boyz ? You 've got to be kidding me ! The Bratz girls look like whores and the Bratz Boyz look gay . Cade has to be the fruitest male doll I have seen in my entire life . Anyway , these Bratz dolls belong in an adult toy store instead of a children 's toy store . Toss these dolls in the trash where they belong and get Strawberry Shortcake and Huckleberry Pie .
 I ordered this mat on May 30th , 2010 . They charged my credit card on 6/02/10 . It is now July 5th , 2010 . I think I am going to receive it tomorrow . My original order said the outside delivery date was June 22nd . So on the 23rd I wrote them , no answer . I wrote them on the 25th , which was a Friday , probably not the best day to write so my fault there . They wrote me back & said that they would write me on Monday . Which they did . They said that they were behind because they were making mats for Haiti & then they gave me the UPS tracking number . I have never quite had an experience like this on Amazon & maybe I am spoiled by my 2-day shipping I receive on most items I order . Anyway , I went back & forth on actually writing a review when I received the email from Amazon prompting me . Is it mean-spirited ? They are busy making mats for Haiti , for God 's Sakes . But I figure it is a story that will be helpful to others in making their purchasing decisions . When I actually receive my mat I will update my review & write how the actual mat holds up .
 25 bux 4 this peece of CRAP !!!!! NO WAY ! Atleast the my scene thing that was 25 bux had a bed , nigntstand , doll , + more ! Buy my scene or barbie . Not these crap , over priced excuse for a fashion doll . and MGA , do n't you even dare think about making a Avril Lavigne bratz crap doll . it would put her and all her fans -LRB- including moi -RRB- to shame . Do n't spend ur $ $ on this piece of crap . I HATE BRATZ ! THEY SUCK ! MY SCENE AND A.L. RULE ! Rock on My scene and A.L. lovers ! Bratz r going down ! Bratz dollz company -LRB- MGA -RRB- sux . Bratz r putting mga to shame .
 This toy was cute . My 3 year old begged me for weeks to but it for him . Once I did , he became quickly frustrated . The on and off swith moves so easy ... I was going through batteries almost every day . Woody does not stay on the back of the car , I had to super glue him , and he still managed to pop off . The car moves very slow , and the wire lead is too short . I recommend buying a better toy instead of this one .
 total piece of junk controls do n't work when they do only one rear tire works and it wo n't turn never buy again from amazon
 This is poorly designed . My children received it as a gift and shortly after , things began breaking . The dog tag snapped . Then the leash bolts came off -LRB- choking hazard -RRB- . Even if yours does not have breakage , there are thick rubber bands on each wheel which slide off every time the toy is used . This means they will end up either in a child 's mouth , the vacuum cleaner or in your cleanup routine to put them back on the wheels all the time . On top of it all , because the height of the item is so tall , this item always falls over when pulled by a child.I even called the company to tell them they needed to use rubber wheels or to adhere the bands on the wheels permanently and their response was that the bands are not a choking hazard as they pass the `` size '' test requirement . So much for wanting to improve the product !! Too bad because the toy is really cute , but that is the only thing its got going for it !
 I purchased this toy for my grandson . While it quickly became a favorite for him and his playmates , it also became apparent that the construction would not hold up to children tugging on it , as it frequently fell apart . My son-in-law has glued back various sections , only to have the tail or ear torn off next . The leash also quickly came off and is now tied back on . My grandson was working the rubber off the wooden wheels , so it was necessary to remove it , to avoid a choking hazard . All in all , this was our most disastrous gift choice to date , and after reading some other reviews , I feel it may be unsafe and should be tossed out when our grandson is n't looking .
 We bought this toy for our 3-year-old to pull around . We thought he would enjoy taking Clifford on walks . Well , it works nicely if you go very slowly , have a steady hand , and do n't turn any corners -- tell me what kid does that ! It tipped over all the time and was very frustrating to use . It even tipped over when I tried it ! The rubber rings on the wheels came off constantly and could be a choking hazard . The paint chipped all over the place and the screws came loose -LRB- also choking hazards -RRB- . This toy spent more time on our ` repair bench ' than on the floor . Overall , I could n't believe this toy was so highly priced . Save your money and buy something else !
 I installed this for my child 's birthday party . The siren worked well enough , but the piece of platic that attached it was flimsy and broke after about the 5 or 6th use .
 What a colossal disappointment ! This thing is cheaply made and poorly designed . It is not even a useful educational tool . One of the biggest rip-offs I have ever seen !
 I THOUGHT THE DOLL WAS SUPER EXPENSIVE WHEN I SAW HER FOR 45 DOLLARS I THOUGHT CUTE DOLL BUT DO I REALLY WANT TO SPEND MY MONEY ON THAT I WOULD MUCH RATHER SPEND MY MONEY ON SOMETHING MORE CHEAPER !!
 as i was reading the back of my doll and many other dolls it saidthey were asin . odd right
 yasmin is very weird!She is wearing strange clothes and the visor is VERY ugly.Her shorts are so high and the clothes are just well ... '' interestig '' . ! The other flashbacks are very cool looking and have 70 's -90 's clothes , but nothing like this.I would not buy this!But not to sound like a snob to you people who like this , but this is just my opinon.See ya
 why so much for junk.the way they are dressed are a bad influence for kids . + they are ugly . my scene is better.dont waste your money on this
 I ordered the purple background princess sleeping bag for my daughter , and Amazon substituted a cheaper version bag with a pink an yellow picture of princesses . I am very frustrated that they did n't ask me first , and I want to know where my refund is !
 I bought this toy to encourage my baby to crawl and it was pretty much a flop for that purpose because it wo n't roll on our carpet . It can move around on our wood floors , but it so clunky and heavy that it leaves scratches . The animal noises -LRB- especially the monkey -RRB- are pretty pathetic and the `` educational '' parts are weak at best . My daughter -LRB- who is now 2 -RRB- has never played with it for more than 5 minutes at a time . It just is n't that exciting . The only good thing I have to say about it is that she 's dropped & kicked it a number of times and it has held up without a hitch .
 This ball has a very annoying voice with no option for music only . I have the Vtech sit to stand walker with the same old woman voice , but at least it has a music option so I do n't have to hear it . My 6month old son plays with it for a minute and move on , but the ball keeps going on and on . `` Row me ! '' `` Push me ! '' `` I 'm giving it one more star because he likes the ladybug on top .
 This toy does not hold my daughter 's interest . The sounds and limited songs are obnoxious . There are three animal sounds , 3 shape names , and 3 number names . The monkey does n't even sound like a monkey ! Contrary to the name , my daugther does not want to crawl after this ball . It only moves in a tiny circle so how is she supposed to crawl after it ? Waste of money .
 I had 2 of these things dumped on me , one was brand new and one was pre-used . At first , 7mo old thought it was fun and he would wriggle after it , but the thing is so ADD that it just kept going on without him touching anything , it would roll away from him as soon as he reached out to grab it , and once he gave up , it would roll back and hit him in the face . It would die down for a bit once he started playing with something else , and then go back to attacking him . He could never even touch the buttons . Both of them got stuck on one loop and I had two of these things rattling around in the toybox giggling , 20 minutes after my son got done playing with them - creepy !! These things are 100 % annoying , pretty much bullied my baby , and stopped working after a few weeks of incredibly light play , because they never shut off .
 My son received this toy as a Christmas present , but I promptly returned it . The ball is supposed to move to encourage children to crawl , but it barely moved and when it did it would roll right back to my son and bonk him in the head . It is n't forceful enough to hurt him , however it does scare him . The ball also randomly turns on without touching it . It was a great concept , but very poorly executed .
 This is called a `` move and crawl '' toy ?? This ball does n't even roll easily because it 's weighted in the bottom . I 've had this out for my son to play since he was 5 months -LRB- he 's 9 mo now -RRB- and he has NEVER shown any interest at all in it . I do n't even want to take this to D.I. Because I know they will charge someone else at least $ 5 for this lame thing .
 This is the most annoying toy my daughter owns . There are six buttons for children to press . Three that alternate between making animal noises / naming the corresponding animal and playing a song made up of electronic barking etc. . The other 3 buttons count 1-3 and name shapes . These features would be tolerable if you were n't constantly bombarded with several phrases
 I bought this for my 4 month old because she loves music and toys that move and sing so in the beginning it was a wonderful toy she loved it . She loved it so much she learned to roll over to get to it . After a few weeks the toy started messing up and just kept skipping saying row ... row ... row ... ro ... r. ... row ... row ... ro ... you get the point . So we returned it and got a new one since she enjoyed it so much thinking it was just a faulty toy ... . nope this one did the exact same thing !!!!!! Do n't waste your money . Its a shame this toy ca n't even work when the baby is n't even big enough to drop it to break it .
 This toy is colorful and gets babies ' attention . However , it asks you to find animals , shapes , numbers , etc. and even I ca n't find the button it asks for before it 's moved on to something else . Very overstimulating ! My other big problem is that it 's a ball and little kids learn to throw balls , but it 's hard plastic and heavy ! Nice idea , but I think the design could have been thought out a bit better !
 This is among my son 's least used toys in the house . The sounds are loud , and annoying . I would think it would move a little more and better than it did considering it 's supposed to encourage crawling . My son was never really interested in it until he was about 10 months old and big enough to pick it up and throw it around .
 Our while family found this toy incredibly annoying , and it does n't move around much . My daughter was bored with it after the first day . Also , if you have small animals , be prepared for them to freak out !
 My son received this as a Christmas present when he was about 8 months old . As long as it was turned off he seemed somewhat interested in it but once we turned it on the toy terrified him . We decided to put it away and perhaps try it again at about 10 months . Big mistake . The jerky motion of the ball and the noise combined with the fact it repeatedly hits him in the face still terrifies him . Perhaps he will like it in a couple years .
 The erratic movements of the ball scare my son . It 's also VERY LOUD , EVEN ON THE LOWEST VOLUME SETTING , IT IS OBNOXIOUS .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 7 months old . She did n't like it because it made to much noise and whether she touched it or not it was singing , lighting up , and moving . I thought she might like it when she got older , but she still does n't . I do n't blame her . I do n't know how this could be educational , when you press a button it does n't consistently give a response , which is confusing for children in the age group it targets . The only thing I liked about it was the two level volume control , although it was still too loud for little ears .
 I wish I had read the other review before buying this for my son . I agree that the motion of the ball is horrible . It either barely moves or rolls in a weak circle . It has definitely not encouraged my son to crawl ! The lights and sounds are pretty hard to understand , and overall , my son likes to play with the ball more when it 's OFF !
 I bought this for my daughter once she was crawling -- to encourage her to crawl after the ball . It was n't until she was steadily walking that she gave notice to the toy . Now that she 's walking well she 'll go over to the ball and pick it up ... and practically drop it on her toes . It 's heavy ! I do n't like that the cow is purple -- have you ever seen a purple cow ? We mostly use it as a musical toy -- not a `` move and crawl '' toy . I can see my daughter getting the most use out of this once she 's 2 .
 My son got this as a gift at 7 months . It did not encourage him to crawl nor did it hold his interest for any amount of time . When he turned 17 months he recognized it as a ball and tired to throw it and roll it around . We have put it away to prevent him from hurting himself and us !
 My 4 mth old and his cousin who was five mths at time of receiving ball were both intrigued at first by the noises and lights . But the ball can not really roll , it settles into one position . They were captivated for only a minute or two , see or feel it vibrate or hear the sounds , but their interest was short lived . The description and idea of the ball are great but in reality it was quite disappointing . They are now 8 and 10 months old and it is probably their least favorite toy . Do not recommend it at all .
 Bought this a gift because I heard it was great . My 9 month old grandson was n't too interested in it . I think it need to more lights to attract his attention .
 My 8-month-old son found the erratic movement of the ball upsetting . He would reach for it and it would roll away only to quickly return and smack his legs . Finally , he just wanted to bat it away and be picked up . After several exposures to it , he would become upset any time we turned it on . The sounds go off on their own and do n't seem to correspond to the child 's actions . And the voice they chose was annoying . It repeats and goes off like the gum ball machines at malls . I returned it .
 This toy does not interest my baby at all . He pretty much ignores it . It does not even move around that much.I say save your money .
 We introduced this ball to our daughter at 6 months , and it scared the heck out of her . We 've tested it recently , nine months , and she is still scared of it when turned on . When off , she enjoys playing with the tabs , and slapping the buttons.There is no clear correlation between what the ball says and which buttons are pressed . No real educational value , and a very annoying voice . This ball could have used a `` lights and motion ; no sound '' mode .
 To start with , you ca n't call this toy a ball . It 's a spherical noise-maker . You ca n't roll it , since it 's weighted on one end . You ca n't drop it or throw it , because it 's heavy and made of hard plastic.There 's a very good chance your child will find the toy 's motions and sounds scary . It makes noise and it also has a very mechanical sounding motor . It moves erratically and can move without warning.As a parent , it 's a bit of a nightmare . Its shape , weight , and construction makes it hard to put away . The sounds and lights , while engaging , do n't really have much developmental value . Even if you like it , and your child likes it , your child will outgrow it very very quickly . It 's not something you want your child carrying around , since it 's so heavy and is made of hard plastic . I shuddered the first time it dropped on our hard wood floors.My advice
 This toy was a complete waste of money . it sounds like a good idea , but every time my daughter -LRB- 6 months -RRB- reaches for the ball , and it rolls away from her , she turns her head and loses interest immediately - and balls , all sizes and kinds , are her favorite . when it bumps into her , she turns and looks at it as if to say , `` what the hell is that ? '' . it does not encourage her to crawl -LRB- she has been belly crawling for a month and is enticed by many other toys to do so -RRB- and frankly , it 's annoying to listen to .
 I purchased this ball when my daughter was four months old because it says that it promotes crawling . She looks at the ball , but does n't have much interest in it at all . It rolls/wobbles in a circle and plays annoying sing-songy phrases . You ca n't decipher what it is saying when you press the number/animal buttons . As other reviewers have pointed out there is no promotion of cause and effect if the stimulus does not result in anything immediate . The only educational value -LRB- cause and effect -RRB- is that if she pushes it it makes noise and rolls around . However , it also does this on its own when some time has elapsed .
 This toy sounded creepy from the beginning , but now after just a few months of light use , it does n't even work anymore . The toy `` skips '' like a scratched record in the same part of the same song every time it 's turned on . And it never sounded realistic , soothing , or good in any way . The monkey sounds like rusty bed springs , and it takes a magic trick to get the bug to work . BAD TOY .
 My children were not interested in this toy at all . Very boring . I 'm sending it off to good will and not even putting it in the yard sale pile .
 I introduced this toy to my son when he was 4 months old . He immediately started crying when the lights flashed and the voices started . He 's now 8 months old and still wo n't go near the thing . He 's especially scared when the ball starts to roll by itself . I initially thought it was a cute toy - but clearly I was wrong . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this for my son at about 5 months . He loves music and sounds and I thought the colors were bright and fun . Soon I found out , my son did n't feel the same . You get the sad crumple face before the crying of sheer TERROR ! We hid the ball for months , and recently brought it back out since my son is 8 months and crawling we thought maybe it was scary because he was n't able to move after it . WRONG again . He hates it , not just enough to ignore it , but enough to literally TRY avoiding it all together . When it sings he cries , when it wiggles at him he cries.This thing is worthless .
 My husband and I packed this toy away soon after buying it . IT IS SO ANNOYING ! The weird electronic animal sounds , odd versions of nursery rhymes , the creepy children giggling ... Plus it would randomly start talking or moving around the rug , even if no one had touched it for hours . My son was pretty uninterested in this toy most of the time as well - it never really caught his attention , even though it annoyed the crap out of us .
 My son never really took interest in this toy . The only time he would start to play with it was when he wanted to press the buttons but it would just roll away . This toy would be better if it had a motion function , and then a seperate function for the ball to light up etc. . but no motion so the baby could just sit and press buttons.Warning
 Got his for my 6 month old son because he was so interested in motion but he liked anything that was moving - BUT this . Every time you turn it on it starts playing roll , roll , roll the ball to the tune of `` row , row , row your boat . '' when you push a button it does n't automatically react . It has to finish it 's iterneraey of songs and noises before it says `` triangle '' or `` 1 '' or whatever . Then when it finally does say what the button is you pushed it will start over again with all of the other series of noises . My son never even played with it . I would get it out to see if he would eventually find interest and he is interested in other toys but not this one . It 's hardly been played with and it 's going on the fritz . After it goes through it 's program it will eventually get stuck on playing the same thing over and over again and will not respond at all to any buttons ... So it just sits on a shelf turned off . Total waste of money !
 I bought this toy for my 7 month old grandson , to encourage him to crawl . The ball moves by itself and I thought that would get him moving towards it , which it did . But once he got to the ball , since it moves itself , it frequently spun around and clobbered him in the head . This is a very hard and heavy toy , so a bang in the head can really hurt . Plus , I failed to consider that his 2 year old sister , while trying to help him , could really hurt him by dropping this ball on top of him . Lastly , the size of the ball is too big for a child this age to hold , which a crawling infant would be inclined to do once having moved to get it . Perhaps an older child would enjoy this product . For safety sake my daughter put this away quickly , which I think was a good idea under the circumstances , so I really have no idea as to the educational value of this toy . It certainly makes lots of sounds , but as it was considered a safety hazzard I ca n't really say what they all were meant for .
 Within about a month of owning this toy the toy started having problems . I thought it was just a low battery but after I put new batteries in it still had issues . After having similar problems with other Vtech toys I will NEVER be buying a Vtech toy ever again .
 the ball is too big and too hard for my son to play with ... beside it smacking him in gthe head becuase it is soo heaqvy it could be a nice orniment on a tree . . but not for my son ... the smaller busy balls withy motions and textures and sounds are way better ...
 After viewing several similar toys , I picked this one because I liked the different features and textures which I thought would grab my daughters attention . I might have bought it too late as she was already starting to crawl , but now when I turn it on , she 'll look at it then crawl the other way . She has no interest in the blinking lights , the music or the motion .
 It moves and crawls , ok , but it does n't sound at all , it was really disappointing because it 's really colorful and nice
 Both my kids hated this toy . In part , I think it scared them a little . Beyond that , it does n't move as they have learned a ball should move , so it 's very frustrating to them -LRB- understandably -RRB- . My baby likes to roll little balls back and forth and seemed excited to do the same with this bigger ball . She immediately disliked the motion of this ball , as it moves in odd directions and does n't let the baby `` steer '' .
 Ball is very heavy , can dent wood floors if dropped from a table . The words that it tries to teach sounded garbled and unclear . My son 10 months shows some interest in it , but does not keep his attention for more than 4 minutes .
 I bought this for the same reason as a lot of the reviewers did - learning to crawl . Not so much . I bought this when my daughter was 6 months , she had no interest in this ball . When she did learn to crawl - this still did n't catch her eye . It does not roll on carpet very well so it just wears the motor out . My daughter does play with this a little now at 10 months but she gets bored after 3 mins of it . I wish I spent my money on something else .
 This toy scares the daylights out of my almost-11 month old . I turn it on and she starts crying as soon as it starts moving around and playing music . And this is a kid that is n't easily startled - she 'll sleep through the dog barking . I do n't know what it is about this toy , but she is not a fan !
 I bought this toy for my 8-month old to encourage him to start crawling . I looked at many and choose this one because of its dual features - I figured that once my son started to crawl he would have an interest in pressing the shapes and animal figures . Well , to start with the motion of the ball sucks ! The first time I started it up , it rolled away from him then promptly back towards him and repeatedy smacked him in the head . This caused him to shy away from it for the longest time . Now that he can crawl , the added features are a waste of time . The voice proclaiming things like `` it 's a duck '' goes off randomly without baby having to press the said animal so it teaches nothing about the animals or cause and effect . I should have returned this toy but waited too long - now it will just sit on the shelf gathering dust .
 this ball only moves in little circles if you have carpet . It tells you to find/press a certain button , gives you about 1 second -LRB- not enough time ! -RRB- , then moves on to some song or something else . It randomly plays music whether you push buttons , roll it , or not , and my daughter played with it for about 2 or 3 minutes the first time , and not at all since then.Too bad .
 I got this toy when my daughter was 6 months and since then she could n't be less interested , she is currently 11 months and has n't played with it once , i wish I would n't have wasted my money1 . It 's too heavy to pic up2 . It 's spontanious , it moves around and will hit the baby , which scares her3 . How is a 6 month old supposed to find the letter/number / animal in time , it only gives you 30seconds maybeIt 's just not what I expected
 I 'm surprised , but this toy was a bust with my son . We got it for him when he was 9 mo old . He 'd rather play with other balls that are n't making noise . I 'll try it again soon , but so far , not so good .
 Thank goodness we received this as a gift . My daughter is super un-impressed and never plays with this ball . Mommy hates it too - it makes this obnoxious giggle sound that makes me want to crawl out of my skin . And it plays forever after baby stops touching it - I do n't like that it 's not a good feedback toy . Its really awful if you forget to turn it off before baby goes to sleep . Next thing you know , you walk by it , the flor squeaks or shakes a second and this toy starts shrieking . I will never buy this for anyone else nor recommend it
 We got this to help our son learn to crawl . It makes sense to learn to crawl on something soft , like carpet , but this ball does n't roll or move well on carpet . In addition it was very annoying . In general , our son did not enjoy it much at all . I would not recommend it .
 No , this toy was not purchased for my dog , but for my 10 month old son . It was a gift , but my son really does n't care about crawling -- he would much rather pull up and cruise . The ball does n't encourage him to crawl after it either . The audio is annoying and constant -- even if he 's not playing with it , it talks/sings constantly -- `` Hey , come play with me ! '' . The sound quality is very poor because the voice sounds slurred . Our dogs have been tolerant of all the noisemaking toys that have been brought into our house due to the baby , but one of the dogs hates this toy . She growls at it whenever it talks . I would not recommend it for older babies .
 There is allot going on with this toy . Loud noises , movement , different lights and textures . Almost TO much . My daughter bats it around sometimes for a few minuets then gets fussy and leaves it . I tried giving it to my girlfriend and her baby had the same reaction . Wish I did n't purchase it . We have had it for a few months and she still does n't like it .
 Who thought it was a good idea to build an electronic ball out of hard plastic ?! Delicate electronics can not take the kind of shock that is dealt to them inside such a poor design.This was a gift to our child less than 6 months ago and about 4 months in , it began to glitch randomly , getting stuck on a sequence of sound like a broken record . When power-cycled it wou.ld work just fine again . Things just kept getting worse though and now it wo n't come out of its glitch at all . Turn it on and it just plays a single note and light repeatedly and other buttons are unresponsive.It 's sad that our child actually enjoyed this toy and now is totally disappointed by it . Without the electronics , it 's not even a good ball for rolling!Total waste of money . Poor execution of a poor design .
 My son got this move & crawl ball last Christmas - he was 5 months old at the time . He is now almost 17 months , and this toy has been taken away from him ! He began crawling at 8 months old , and it did not help him crawl at all . The only thing that would make him crawl forward was the remote ! lol . The ball does move well on the carpet and on the hardwood floors , but it was just not for my son . The interest in it was just not there . Once and a while I would find him pushing the buttons to hear the music , but that was it . It recently got taken away because he would pick it up and throw it -LRB- like he does with his other balls he has -RRB- but this one is extremely heavy and the ball is hard plastic . He thinks it is one of the balls that are ok to throw in the basketball hoop , and almost breaks things , so I took it away . It is a sturdy toy consitering it 's been thrown around alot , and the colors are very vibrant with the flashing lights . Just becasue my son does n't show interest in the ball does n't mean your child wont like it , but it is just not rated high in my book . Just be ware that that the ball is heavy , and can be dropped on their little toes and injure them once they can grasp on .
 Ok toy , but the voice recordings are the most annoying ever created . They were driving me crazy . Finally I jammed a screwdriver into the speaker and killed it . Now I can operate it in peace .
 This toy would be great ... BUT my 8 month old is terrified of it . She has good reason to be , I suppose . The darn thing rolls and smacks her in the head .
 Got thisVtech - Move & Crawl Ballafter reading all the good reviews . It does keep my 7 month old son entertained for 2-3 minutes . It does say numbers -LRB- but just 123 -RRB- , shapes and makes animal sounds . All of these are very confusing on the same button . Hence it does not have much of educational value as advertised . Another concern I have is the ladybug on top . My son has fallen on it a few times and got hurt.The ball just rotates in one place , ca n't really push it on the floor . All that my son loves in this toy are the small ribbon pieces as he can chew and suck on them
 As each child is different , I ca n't say whether or not your child would enjoy this toy . Mine did not , but a friend 's baby did , so I gave it to her . My son never took a look at this thing.What I can say is that voice is really grating - it 's an annoying toy that starts talking when no one is near it ! Also , the movements it makes are very jerky - mine did n't roll so much as move a little to the left and a little to the right and then it would stop.I hated this toy , but perhaps if your child likes it , and you can put up with the annoyance factor , it 'd be a hit for you .
 This toy needs work ... First of all , it 's HEAVY ! My daughter -LRB- now 19 months -RRB- usually likes to pick it up and throw it . After all , it IS a ball ! We have hardwood floors - throwing this ball is extremely loud and it can really do some damage to our floors ! We do n't have any problems with it moving around ... however ... when you 're asked to find something on the ball , even I have a hard time finding it to push the button in time . So , I do n't know how a 6 month + baby/child could find the correct answer in time.I think this is a nice idea for a toy , but it just does n't work . It is colorful , and my daughter does enjoy throwing it , but that 's obviously not it 's intended use . She never played with this toy as a crawling infant . She only plays with it now , and she only throws it . Please do n't waste your money on this toy . It 's not worth it !
 Looke really neat , but our 10 month old twin boys are not interested in it at all and it does n't roll very well -LRB- yes , we 're using it on hard floors -RRB- . It even gets stuck in one place all the time . Your money would be better spent on something else .
 This toy is not very interactive or safe . To keep the ball moving you have to push the number/shape/animal that it names in a short amount of time . By the time my son figures out the right one , it has already shut down and restarts itself when he pushes the button , so he does not get to hear the `` cheers '' when he finds the right one . He gets bored with it so he decides to pick it up and throw it like any ball , but it is so heavy that he ca n't throw it very far and it ends up landing on his foot or leg , which makes him cry . Definately think twice before purchasing !
 This toy had great potential , but just never worked out . The ball 's movement was weak and as other reviewers have pointed out , it usually rolls away and then right back to hit your kid in the head . Also , the music plays too often . My son was learning that the buttons make noises , but the dang song was playing so much that a good half the time he hit the buttons nothing would happen , so I think it confused him . Like I said , it has potential , but it just is n't there yet . I could n't recommend this to anyone.To V-Tech - How to make the toy better :1 -RRB- Have a switch that allows the ball go into activity mode . This way when the kid is holding the thing , it does n't just keep playing the `` come play with me '' song . Then when he hits a button it will always have the corresponding activity .2 -RRB- Change the movement pattern . Whether that is just in one direction or not does n't matter , but it should not end up where it started . It also should probably stay still a little bit longer .
 This toy worked for about a week . Sometimes it wo n't work at all , other times the song repeats and gets stuck halfway through . Not worth the money I paid for it .
 The concept is good and cute , but this ball is just not a hit . My baby has barely ever played with this thing and we 've had it since he was just a few months old and he 's now almost 12 months . This toy is boooorrrrring ! : -LRB-
 This ball is heavy and made of hard plastic . When my baby dropped it on her big toe , her toe turned black and blue . This ball went in the trash after that incident .
 I turned this on for my 8 month old and he is TERRIFIED of it . I thought it was a fluke so I tried again a few weeks later . No go . He crawled as fast as he could away from it and was inconsolable . I had to donate it . Every time he caught a glimpse of it he starts crying and gets very scared . So strange ... . It does sound a little creepy to me .
 My baby was playing with the giggle ball when one of the caps fell off and all of the beads spilled on the floor . Please use caution with this toy ! The toy was n't being played with roughly and the floor was carpeted . There was no reason for the toy to fall apart .
 This is chunky , bright and fun to handle for the recommended age group -LRB- 2 + -RRB- but has some problems . The servo noise from the mechanism is so loud that the music and sound effects are barely audible . The engine itself tends to jump track on the bends . You can overcome this by playing with the angle/elevation of the track and the direction of the train but it 's supposed to be a simple , flat circuit so this would seem to be an awful lot of work to keep it on track . The motion of the train causes the track to slip around on a bare table or wood floor which can also unseat it . Finally the trigger -LRB- pushing down on the train driver -RRB- seems to be a bit of an art ; you have to push it in just the right place & angle , and if you get it really wrong the whole thing can flip up and the bits go all over the place . I also think it might be a little boring for more advanced 2 year olds . It 's cute but for just a few more dollars you could get something much better designed .
 It looked so cute and was exactly what I was looking for as a gift for my Gothy friend . I thought the reviews where they talk about the mirror falling out were probably just random occurrences and that I would most likely not have a problem . Well , it arrived today and I have the very same problem . The outside is adorable but the inside is held in place with cheap double stick tape . The tape did not hold and the entire side with the mirror is separated and out as well as the mirror itself . I do not understand what the manufacturers are thinking , use some darn glue ! I am not the first to report this problem , it is not like they are unaware.So , off I go to find some glue and fix it.If you are not prepared to fix it yourself do not buy this purse .
 Product is not as nice as the picture makes it look . The panel with the mirror fell out as soon as I opened the thing , mirror was dirty , it does n't smell too good , and you think the inside would be lined with something soft but it 's not . Also it makes cracking sounds when you open it .
 I bought these pants because the Uhlsport pants that I had before had been abused for two years and needed replacement . I should 've stuck with a reputable brand that has been used by top goalkeepers for ages.These pants tore in the groin area after their third use . This was n't the mini tear that nobody sees ; it was a 7 '' tear that everybody could see . Had I not been wearing compression shorts under the pants , my private area would 've been fully exposed to everybody who stared . This situation is unacceptable for a relatively new pair of pants . As a disclaimer , no , they were n't tight on me and I 'm not fat . The padding , however , was good on these pants.Do yourself a favor and stick to respected brands like Reusch or Uhlsport when you buy goalkeeper stuff . You 'll be happy you paid the premium when you most need it .
 I recieved this playground second-hand for my 2 year old son ... I accepted it even though it was a couple years old because he had no `` backyard toys '' . It has heavily faded to pastel colors . The most outrageous thing is that this climber is designed -LRB- yes , on purpose -RRB- to fill with water to avoid tipping over while being played on . Hot sun + trapped water = DISGUSTING ALGAE !!! Yes , black mold/algae is growing inside the walls of this climber and there is no way of getting it out or cleaned ... you can see it thru the plastic walls . . it is really gross . . In addition to that the clear plastic bubble at the top lookout area , yellows and cracks quickly and Little Tikes does not sell this replacement piece . . the child can climb out thru there and fall about 6 feet to the ground . . As far as the fun aspect of it , theres not much to it . . the tunnel fits probably no longer than a 3-4 year old , and the 2 slides ... the other reviwer was correct in saying the pictures make it look bigger than it really is ... Overall im very dissapointed with this item . . the algae alone is reason enough not to purchase this ... save your money and skip this set as I know that Little Tikes has not corrected these issues on the newer model .
 Although the playground is made of a tough material , it is made very poorly . The holes were punched out of line , poor design caused me many unnecessary hours putting it together . This was a very frustrating experience ... Hope my kid enjoys it though
 Really not what I expected . I got this for my two year old . The chairs do n't have much support to them so he 's mostly falling off or tipping over on them . The table is only big enough for one toddler with a coloring book . Table and chairs are both light enough for toddlers to turn upside down , side ways , etc. . Thought it would be more sturdy considering the price .
 This is a cute table , but it 's so light that it slides around all over the place . My 2-year-old son likes eating snacks at the table , but when he leans against it , it slides away and he stumbles . Same thing with the chairs . It 's just not really practical to have this table slipping and sliding all over the kitchen . I 'll be looking for something more sturdy that actually stays in place !
 I have been playing this game for years and I seen all kinds and was quite disappointed with the quality of this product . The instructions looks as if it was copied from the internet and I will think twice before purchasing another game like this .
 I did n't realize there were different kinds of Thomas track . The Thomas track that has been in our train sets so far flips -- one side train , the other side road . That is why I did n't read all the details of this ROAD track and ordered 2 sets ! The trains do n't stay on it since it is too wide and they are curves . The quality of the track is nice , what I expect with Thomas -LRB- no rough edges , splinters , irregular edges like with Brio -RRB- . But I do n't want/need road track , I want train track !
 I bought the ` Psychic Golf Ball ' as a stocking filling for the holidays.Very disapointed ... you ca n't see the ` fore-teller ' - the green liquid within the ball is too dark .
 bought these to trick my dad with but received them threw mail opened an wouldnt work at all , was disappointed
 Upon putting the panels together we realized we had been sent a duplicate piece and we were missing one of the panels . I contacted customer service for the company that makes the product and was told I could purchase an entire new set of panels for $ 10.00 and $ 4.95 s & h . As the mistake was clearly on the part of the company I was certainly not willing to pay another $ 15 to get the complete puzzle .
 I 'm sure Rosie has joined other feminists to criticizing Mattel for giving the Barbie doll such un-realistic proportions . Yet here the manufacturers of her doll , no doubt approved by her , have obviously felt free to disregard her actual hefty proportions to make a more commercially viable product . If Barbie is horrible for unrealistically portraying a woman 's body , is n't this doll just as bad for unrealistically portraying Rosie 's body?What a poor message to send young girls when even a purported crusader for `` body-acceptance '' puts forward a false image of her own figure just to make a few more bucks .
 This doll is too skinny . Rosie O'Donnell is much more plump than this doll portrays , and is therefore an unrealistic doll as well as not worth the money . Avoid this doll like the plague ; wait 'till Bandai makes a fat Rosie O'Donnell doll . However , the head in proportion to the body is well done on this doll ; her head is QUITE large .
 This is terrible . It might have been a good idea , but if I were Rosie O'Donnell , I 'd sue ! This is a Barbie head on a Ken body . If you do n't believe me , buy it and undress it . They did a decent job of capturing the likeness , but come on people , this thing is dreadful ! A word to Mattel , if you 're going to make a heavier-set female doll , at least give it a female body !
 Written as William 's Son : Performance wise , this pogo stick works quite well , jumping to heights of about 3 - 4 feet . However , the pogo stick has some major problems :1 . It makes much more noise than most people admit . It 's loud .2 . This is the major one . The thrusters on mine began to wear out in LESS THAN A MONTH . That 's a month of 2 weeks frequent jumping and 2 weeks of unuse . THat 's a problem . Another is the shock absorbers . They came out following the 2 weeks of unuse.The pogo stick worked well ... until the parts started flying . Two point five stars .
 Purchased pogo stick as a Christmas gift . Received package CLEARLY showing what item was in box . You would think company would have some Discrition in packaging around holidays . But , that is not the worst of it . The pogo stick broke within 15 days of using . What a waste of money . I write company about my unhappiness not one person replied . Talk about terrible customer service and not even caring to make it right . Again , big waste do n't spend your money . You do n't get what you pay for .
 I bought this thing so I could jump really high . I am about 165 lbs and I have it set to jump as high as it can go and it will only jump about 1 foot . There is no way you can get this thing to jump 4 foot in the air , it is not worth the money the the bar in the middle is really wide , it feels very funny riding on it .
 For the most part , this is a good pogo stick . But it breaks all the time ! Unless you have a lot of time to wait for flybar to send you replacement parts in the mail , and even that is only free for a year , i would suggest you get a Vertego V3 . it gets more hight , and because its a spring system , and not a rubber band system , it dose n't constantly break . I would strongly advise against buying this overpriced piece of crap . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This is the 2nd Flybar product I have purchased for my son . The first one was the Super Pogo II , which has a poor design , the cotter pin kept breaking , the Flybar company were very helpful , they mailed us out replacement parts very quickly and without question . But it broke again and again , so we finally threw it out . Then we purchased this one , the 800 ! With the thick rubber bands , surely this design would be stronger , better ? No . Out of the 8 rubber bands inside , 5 broke within days of each other . My son is well within the weight limit and I just do n't have confidence in the Flybar Brand anymore . Wo n't buy another one !
 My son saved his allowance and did extra work so that he could purchase this . When finally he saved enough , we ordered and he loved it immediately . It does bounce very high -LRB- but not scary high -RRB- and the ride seems smooth . He wanted me to write a very positive review the very next day so that everyone would know what a great product it was.However , within two days a thruster broke . We contacted the manufacturer who gladly replaced it with not only one thruster but TWELVE . Wow , I thought , how generous . It quickly became apparent why they sent so many out -- they break very , VERY easily . At least six of ours have broken in less than a month . At this rate the life expectancy of this pogo stick is extremely limited , and we are very disappointed.This product is fun for a day , and then it starts to break . Not worth the $ 200 .
 I bought this toy along with Mr. Incredible for my son 's birthday . He loves the movie and was very excited to get these toys . Unfortanitly , they lasted all of five minutes before Syndromes head fell off , and Mr. Incredibles hand broke off . After that I had to deal with a crying kid . If you want the toy just to look at , then it is good , but if you buy it for your child , do n't expect it to last long .
 My daughter is obsessed with the Berenstain Bears , so we thought she would love these dolls , and she does ! I think they are a little bit funny looking , but she loves them . We got these for Christmas and at just about 2 weeks after Christmas we have already had to repair papa bear in two places . His hat came unattached from his head and his button on his overalls came off . These are some of the only berenstain bear dolls available and are n't that expensive , but they are n't that great of quality . Hopefully they will last a while , even if we have to make repairs .
 I was so excited to find this set of Berenstain Bears for my 2-yr-old daughter 's birthday . I received the box very quickly ; HOWEVER , I was so disappointed in what I found inside . The Bears are made of very poor quality and I can tell they will not last long . Brother Bear has one leg longer than the other and his eyebrows were sewn in a way that makes him look very mean . Papa Bear 's Hat will need to be stitched quickly . Sister 's straps are sewn on the sides of her arms instead of on her shoulders . BUT THE WORST , Sister 's eyes are made pointing outward . I can not figure out a way to fix this . It will SCARE my child for sure . It truly is creepy looking . Now , I find that I paid almost $ 8 for shipping and will have to pay that again to send them back for a refund . That 's $ 16 for a product that cost $ 29.95 . I see one reviewer that says they never received their refund . I 'm nervous to send them back for fear I 'll end up being out $ 46 for nothing . I 'm torn with what to do but mostly so disappointed that I can not give her Berenstain Bears .
 I should have paid closer attention to the reviews before purchasing this doll for my 8 year old son . I 'm fairly certain the positive reviews on here are planted by either the manufacturer or the seller . The puppet is essentially no better than a doll to sit on a shelf -- if that is your desire , I 'm sure you could find a much cheaper Groucho Marx doll to do that!We have encountered the VERY same issues as described here . First , the quality is very poor -- it is a rubberized plastic composite material , which is fine , but that is where the problems begin . Upon opening the package , the first thing that happens is the shoes -LRB- not attached , and cheap plastic -RRB- fall off . Nice introduction to a very sad birthday night for my son!Second , when trying to use it as a ventriloquist dummy , pulling on the string -LRB- which requires a great deal of strength to force the mouth open -RRB- leaves the mouth wide open , and does not close on its own . You have to * manually * close the mouth -LRB- also requiring a great amount of force . -RRB- We tried opening and closing the mouth this way for about an hour , hoping it will `` loosen up '' but we were not so lucky . Next we tried putting liquid soap in there -LRB- since the rubbery plastic was rubbing against the plastic insides of the mouth -RRB- to lubricate the area that was rubbing -- this , too , did no good.My son is not only unhappy , we are too -- angry , even -- since this is pretty much worthless , and it does not seem to be usable at all ! I am returning it , but , unfortunately , do n't have a lot of options to replace it . Since my son really wants a dummy , and this manufacturer -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- seems to dominate the marketplace , we do n't know where to turn . I will NOT buy from this manufacturer -LRB- even for the much inflated price of the `` upgraded '' dummies they offer -LRB- which are at least three times the cost ! -RRB- and would urge that NO one buy this -- you WILL be disappointed !
 I purchased two of these dolls for my son -LRB- age 12 -RRB- and nephew -LRB- age 11 -RRB- as Christmas presents . The mouths on both dolls did not work properly . You can imagine the disappointment these two boys had on Christmas morning .
 This version of OPtimus Prime and Megatron have some serious design issues . In robot modes they both seem to be nicely poseable action figures that look very much like their previous counterparts . Optimus Prime in particular looks a lot like his Generation 1 cartoon counter part while Megatron resembles his Generation 2 green tank mode.Now for why this is n't such a great toy.WHen transforming Optimus Prime into his truck cab , you bend his legs backward , but there is nothing to stop you from bending them back till they touch his `` head . '' WHich makes for a very unstable truck form . Also his arms have little spaces where tabs in the side of the truck cab can line up with them and hold them in place , but this is just not the case and the arms are very easy to move out of place while in truck mode . When Prime in in truck mode his gun plugs into a hold where his trailer would normally plug into , but this also dies n't work very well as the hold is made up from both legs , so pushing the gun in there tends to push the legs apart making his truck form come apart again.Prime also has this gimmick in robot mode , where you can push a button on his back to activate his `` Punching action . '' This is ill conceived and I had actually broken this less than 2 minutes after taking this toy out of the box . When it is broken , Primes torso spins uncontrollably . I was able to fix this as I am failry mechanically inclined , but I was n't using any high level of force either so it should ' t have broken in the first place.Megatron is slightly better . His action is an arm that spins around in a `` Twirling attack '' motion . Its not that impressive , and his arm tends to fall off easily while using this feature . The arm fits over a little round hub , which is what does the turning . I had to put a dab of superglue on the hub just to keep the arm on during normal posing and playing . Also the fact that he has a spinning blade arm means that he has no right hand , just a spinning blade formed by his gun barrel and its cover.The worst part of Megatron 's construction aside from his arm , is the fact that new , out of the box , his feet were put on backwards , which prevented him from transforming properly . I was again able to fix it in just a few minutes , but like Optimus Prime 's punch mechanism , and Megatron 's arm problem , this just should n't have happened.Over-all I am dissapointed in the toys I bought . I was actually looking forward to this set as I collect Optimus Prime action figures . And while the robot modes and vehicle modes look decent enough , their construction and the poor implementation of their transformations -LRB- mostly in Prime 's construction -RRB- is just dissapointing , especially seeing how good the other Prime and Megatron are in the Transformers
 I ca n't even fully describe my disappointment with this toy . It is a piece of plastic junk and breaks easily.I was so excited that Transformers was making a come back ! I loved them when I was a kid and was looking forward to sharing it with my kids . And what do I get for my $ 20.00 , garbage !
 The Optimus is pretty much how I remember the original toy transforming from the 80 's , only much worse . There 's no trailer and his smokestacks are smaller . Megatron is a flimsy version of his Armada tank . Both are very small versions of what are supposed to be the most powerful of their teams . Megatron falls apart extremely easily . My son has no interest in these toys , as he has larger , more durable , and more interesting versions of both characters -LRB- specifically , the Energon series versions and the recent Gun remake of Megatron -RRB- . The Energon , Cybertron , and new movie versions of both characters , and the classic repackaged gun version of megatron , are all far superior to this two-pack .
 My 6 year old got this pack for Christmas from his uncle , and we just got around to opening the package and playing with it.First of all , you can obviously see that Optimus Prime and Megatron are considerably smaller than the ones I used to play with back in the 80 's , that is fine I guess , but the assembly and durability of these toys is unacceptable . After only transforming Prime twice his entire torso regularly falls off . In addition to this Megaton 's right arm also falls off too easily even when I am just trying to transform him into the tank . And to top it all off Megatron 's feet are backwards as the other review has already stated . My son is always showing me how easy the toys break after real light handling , I put them back together , but the pieces just fall off again . It 's ashamed that Hasbro would release these toys knowing how easily they come apart . Instead of being made from the durable parts like the 80 's Transformers were made of , these knockoffs are made of cheap plastic and the pieces are not even held together well enough to allow kids to play with them much less transform them.When I was a kid in the 80 's , Transformers along with most of my other toys were VERY durable , I remember putting Prime and Megatron through some pretty rough battles , and all that would happen is that their paint would chip . But I never had to worry about breaking them just by trying to transform them . This is no longer the case . It is so sad that classic toys are no longer made like they used to . I will not be getting my son any more of these cheap toys . Perhaps I can dig my old ones up and let him play with those instead .
 Of all the Transformers we 've purchased for our son , and all those that have been passed down to him from his father , these are by far the cheapest made . Granted our son is 4 , and below the recommended playing age , but has quite a few from various series that give him no trouble in the same way these do . As stated by other reviewers , the pieces start to fall off from the get go . One of Optimus ' exhaust pipes was lost before I had finished removing the toy from the packaging . The other is currently on my dresser waiting for some superglue to keep it in place since the manufacture did n't bother with anything other than a snap-in piece . Optimus ' gun does not stay in the hole while he is in vehicle mode , at all , ever . Megatron 's spinning arm wo n't stay on with any amount of handling , no matter how gentle -LRB- including when my husband and I handle the toy -RRB- . My son actually really likes the DVD , even though it comes across more as an infomercial complete with a gallery of toys to look through . I had coupons from my son 's birthday to use at TRU and purchased the set for about $ 11 , and even then , I do n't think they are worth it . I would recommend applying the amount these cost towards the purchase of two individually packaged figures . We 've had great success with the die cast series -LRB- not the small display figures , the 6-inch transforming figures that sell for apx $ 15 each . -RRB- The best part of this set is that now our son does n't mind sharing with his friends or brother . He is more than willing to hand over one of these to his unsuspecting playmates while he chooses the better made figures for himself . So , I guess that is worth two stars , since we have a lot less fighting over who gets Optimus now : p
 Did n't expect this puzzle to be so small as it is only 5 '' x 5 '' base with a 41/2 '' circle puzzle , very mini in actual size . Hopefully the grandchild will like it as the cost of shipping was greater than the toy price .
 My son received this figure for his birthday - it broke within the first 5 minutes . The sign on his chest lights up , which is cool - but now he has no legs , so he certainly ca n't run !
 This was lots of fun for my son who is very careful with his toys . I 'm not sure if it was my husband or my son who actually did it , but within the first few days of having it , the legs broke off . My son really is very careful and so is my husband , so I know it 's a flaw in the actual action figure .
 The figures are connected to bases so they stand up . But they easily break from the bases and can not be reconnected . The first one broke within an hour of opening the toy.But my daughter still loved them . I just wish they were a little more well made . you expect more when you buy the name brand and not a cheap imitation .
 this was the one gift my son really wanted for his birthday . I was told they had it , I ordered it , and they i 'm told they really do n't have it and it was too late for me to order from someone else for him to receive it for his birthday . They did credit my card in a timely fashion though .
 if i was buying this as an unopened display i would be furious . the cardboard is worse than poor . not at all as good as new .
 It starts with the cute little birds spinning around , then suddenly there is the loud , motorized whirring and clacking sounds . There is some music hidden under these loud noises , but the other sounds are too loud to enjoy the music . Then comes the demented laughing ... not a sound I want my Grandson to copy . This is not a toy I would recommend for a baby or even a toddler.Toy looks cute and if the whirring , clacking , and demented laughing was n't a part of it , I would n't be sending it back . My Grandson wo n't even see this toy ; it 's that bad .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- ! I bought it through ABC Distributing for A LOT less than that and thankfully so . The toy is LOUD and noisy . You can really hear the motor noise above the loud music . The animal sounds are bizarre in and of themselves . The motions are jerky and thankfully do n't last that long because of the noise . It does catch my 10-month-old grandson 's attention but does not hold it for long as there is really nothing he can do with it other then just watch it . Please DO NOT spend this kind of money on this toy . It is so not worth it .
 I purchased this item as a Halloween pail to hold his candy . It was way smaller than I thought it would be ... of course I did n't check the measurments being that it was a last minute purchase . -LRB- My fault -RRB- . It seems rather cheap and the Thomas screen print does as well . It served it 's purpose and will work fine for my sons Easter basket this year . I feel this product was overpriced . I clearly paid for the Thomas name and logo , NOT a quality pail .
 I purchased this toy after seeing it recommended in a magazine for Christmas gifts . My 15m old daughter never played with it , despite her parents playing with it . We have watched other kids , too , between the ages of 8m-13m and they do n't seem to care much for this toy either .
 The toy is very cute , but it does n't rock nor moves the tentacles , and has no lights . It only makes sounds . Reading the comments , I realize that there is something wrong with mine ... I hope you do n't have my luck !
 this thing fell apart as soon as i took it out of the package , do yourself a favor , go to walmart & buy their 's it 's only a couplebucks . i had to redo the ends & fix it myself . also the cord is toothick to thread the eyelets on the rim .
 Dont waste your money . I bought a set for each of my kids , and they did n't work well . The paper that came with the pens , was thin and cheap . We followed the directions , and twisted , and it either did n't work , or blended for a split second , and then back to original color . Total Waste of Money . They are now in the trash
 My sons wanted these so bad . When he got them he was very disappointed that they did n't work as advertised . Only certain colors worked and they did n't blend for very long . Not a good purchase .
 All the tips on these have become one with the colors that were blended on them . Not a good idea , do n't waste your money !
 These pens make cool effects as long as you use the provided papers . However they do not include enough of the coloring sheets , and the pens just do n't seem to blend as well or look as nice on regular paper . Besides , that the metallic pens are more like paint than markers . I do enjoy using them to write on other things , but that is n't the point.The whole concept seems like it would be frustrating for most small children . My four year old cousin had these but quickly lost interest in trying to blend them and just used them as regular markers for a while . She 's really into arts and crafts but is not interested in these at all . They are mixed in with her other markers but probably do not even get as much use as them .
 Bought for my daughter and she disliked them . Used them once , then never again . Bad quality and not worth the money spent . Would not recommend purchasing these pens .
 My 7 and 4 year old loved these pens , but the twisting/cap holder broke on every single one of them in a day -LRB- and the kids are not particularly rough -RRB- . I would love to get more because the kids really want them , but they are so expensive , especially considering the quality . Too bad .
 I bought these for my 5 yr old who loves drawing . I ca n't believe I paid $ 10 for 4 markers . She was never able to blend the colors properly . The darker color always over-powered the lighter color . These markers are nothing special and certainly not worth the money !
 There is absolutely nothing special about these markers except for the expensive commercial that played over and over until my child begged me into getting them . I feel that this is just the same old thing in a new fancy package .
 MY SON GOT THESE IN HIS STOCKING . HE LOVES SPACE AND ANYTHING TO DO WITH IT . HE DID N'T EVEN LIKE THESE . WE THOUGHT THEY WERE BIGGER AND THEY ARE N'T EASY TO PUT UP . MOST ENDED UP ON THE FLOOR . GLAD I DID N'T PAY MUCH
 Marvel Superhero Squad Series 1 > Colossus & AngelI just received this order today . What a rip-off . I expected a much better toy . The price on this item is outragious for what you get . I found out too late that Toys R Us sells the same item for $ 6.99 . This toy certainly is n't worth any more then this price.Leslie Hatch
 We bought this chair right when our baby started to eat solids . We liked that it was well-constructed and very attractive . Like others , we were a little disappointed in the straps - difficult to use , and strangely located right at the back of the seat.We used it for several months , and it worked okay . But as the little one has been just learning to eat and can be very messy , we were getting more and more tired of constantly cleaning it and our dining table . We read somewhere a recommendation for a $ 25 high chair at Ikea . We bought that chair , and it 's been a night and day difference ! The Ikea chair is easy to clean , comfortable , and easy to strap.We know that we 'll eventually go back to the tripp trapp , and that it will have utility for a much longer period of time , but I just ca n't recommend it for those with babies . Go with a regular high chair and consider the tripp trap when they 're really ready to eat at the table .
 I ordered 2 pairs of these for my boys to play spy . We recieved one pair broken so I quickly ordered another to have before Christmas . All 3 pairs broke upon opening . They are not worth it AT ALL !
 It is good but large.this is the problemthe price is cheap considered as an advantgethe pakage is in agood status .
 The glasses arrived broken - one at the earpiece connection to the frame , the other set a small plastic piece was again broken by the screw by the earpiece and was ready to come apart . The seller was VERY kind though and provided a refund as he stated he was having quality issues from his provider . It was hard to see out of them anyhow , but my 6 and 9 year made the best of them while they lasted !
 Toys R us and clients beware!This toy can destroy CDs , VHS , monitors , cell phones and credit cards . Also is dangerous to people who have pacemakers!We read the very very small print on a very small enclosed book about the story of zoids only after our Sony flat TV started looking crazy and turning colors along the bottom . My husband and son finally moved the oidz away from the TV and thank heavens we hope there is no permanent damage ! We would have no beef if there is damage because they have a disclaimer for the responsibility for the loss of data and property damage !! Wow what $ 10 could turn into ! I e-mailed the company too and will return them and urge a larger warning sign or removal
 MY SON THREW THESE 2 TOY PIECES UP IN THE AIR AND THEY BROKE AS THEY MET IN MID AIR ! HE CAUGHT THE SHARP PIECES OF METAL IN HIS HANDS AND CUT HIMSELF ! IT BURNED HIM AND MADE HIS HAND BLEED ! IT COULD HAVE BEEN ALOT WORSE ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Great concept . We bought it to help teach our 4 year old left-handed son -LRB- as we 're both right-handers -RRB- . But it only holds air for a few hours at a time . Total dud .
 I BOUGHT THIS WATCH IN BLUE FOR MY SON AND IM SO VERY DISAPPOINTED . FIRST OFF IT CAME WITH A PRICE TAG FROM AMAZING SAVINGS .99 CENTS YET I PAID $ 6.99 . SECONDLY THE TIME WAS NOT DISPLAYED ON IT BECAUSE THE BATTERY WAS WASTED AND THIRDLY WHEN I PUT IT ON MY SON WRIST THE STRAP BROKE RIGHT IN MY HAND . HE 'S 2 YEARS OLD AND MY HEART JUST BROKE TO SEE HOW EXCITED HE WAS TO RECEIVE SOMETHING THAT FELL APART THE MOMENT I PUT IT ON HIM . I LOVE AMAZON BUT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I CAN HONESTLY SAY THEY DISAPPOINTED ME !
 My boys love taking baths , but this toy did not hold their interest . My 2 year old likes to play with the accessories , but not the actually toy . It also did n't stay put on the bathtub .
 I bought this for my nephew since he is so into trains and has a huge train set . Very overpriced item if you ask me .
 We just bought this today for our 2 yr old daughter . It has great reviews , looks good ... HOWEVER , our small daughter can pull the WHOLE thing across our hardwood floors . It is EASY to open the place where you put sand or water to weigh it down . We 've already had major spills . AND she can climb the pole and tip the whole thing over.We are NOT happy . Our daughter loves the toy but I would NEVER leave her alone with this toy . EVER !!! If you have a strong and/or determined to climb toddler - do NOT get this toy !!!
 In this edition , the board folds into quarters . After a few months , our board warped so badly that it will not lay flat and is now completely unusable . Buy a different edition -LRB- one where the board only folds in half , not quarters ! -RRB-
 Poor Excuse For A Back Pack.It 's A One Inch Zipper That Has A Pocket Only Capable Of Holding A Few Pennies.The Product Description Should At least Provide This Little Detail If It Could Provide Any Real Product Details At All.Thank God I Have Experience In Fixing Plush Back Packs With No Pockets .
 It came on time which was the only thing good here , but the back pack was way smaller than I expected and the doll here self looks like she has Fetal Alcohol Syndrome with a touch of Downs . But for $ 10 , what do you expect ?
 Please do n't buy this item if you are looking to actually put something into this toy . On the back is a zippered slot and I swear to you , all you can put in there is a solitary quarter . It was sort of a gag gift for my grown daughter because I wanted to give her a check , and I literally had to fold the check SIX TIMES to get it to fit into the back . It 's a sweet looking doll , but that is all that it is ... a doll . Just be warned so that you know what you are purchasing . I had no problem with my transaction and would buy from the seller again , just not this item .
 This easel was NOT worth even the $ 10 I paid for it ! It is very cheaply made , the paint bottles are VERY small , the chalk was broken , and the roll of paper was NOT 50ft . Very disappointing toy -- especially from Fisher Price ! Spend more money and get one that will be more worthwhile .
 this toy suppose to be bigger than really was , I did n't like it , it 's too small
 I bought this for my 3 year old son . He has fun with it , but it is n't as nice as what I expected . It is very small - even small for my 3 year old . All the chalk was broken , and the markers did n't last long . The paper ran out quickly , and I am not sure there was 50ft on the roll . I was really surprised it was made by Fisher-Price . I really would have expected this quality from the dollar store .
 While the idea behind these products from Wild Republic is a good one , unfortunately the construction and quality are extremely poor . We 'd had these items for less than a few hours before arms and limbs began breaking off . If you can find them , Animal Planet makes a series of similar playsets that are of much higher quality and that our son enjoys more . Otherwise , better to do without entirely than waste money on these cheap , flimsy toys .
 My 21/2 year old grandson is into all kinds of animals . When I saw this , it had animals that he did n't have in his collection . He was excited when he opened the present . He loved the fact that babies came with the `` mommies '' . By the end of Christmas Day , the tails had broken off on three of the animals - this was him dropping them on our ceramic tile floor . They could not be repaired . I would not recommend this product .
 We bought this thinking it would make people laugh . Instead it made them angry . The fact that the packaging warns against using against kids under 14 and adults over 50 , limits the audience kids can play trick on . With that kind of disclaimer , this seems more like a weapon than a gag.Nobody laughs when you shock them with this . We threw it away immediately .
 I DID THIS TRICK ON MY 14 YEAR OLD COUSIN AND SHE PASSED OUT AND SHE HAD TO GO THE ER AND SHE STAYED FOR TWO DAYS BECAUSE IT SHOCKED HER SYSTEM AND ITS LIKE BEING IN AN ELECTRIC CHAIR WE THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A FUN JOKE BUT IT TURNED OUT TO BE VERY DANGEROUS AND A HORRIFYING DISASTER DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM IT IS NOT CHILDREN FRIENDLY !!!! IT CAN KILL YOU OR SHOCK YOUR SYSTEM SO BAD AND FRY YOUR NERVES OR SHOCK YOUR HEART INTO STOPPING MY COUSIN ALMOST DIED !! BEWARE !
 I got a few things as stocking stuffers that were quite a disappointment . The Shock Gum was broken upon arrival and had to be just trashed .
 My 13 year old bought these with his own money and they do not even work ... complete waste of money ! very disappointing . will not buy from this seller again ... who knows how long it was sitting on a shelf somewhere before it was shipped to us !
 Wow , this toy really packs a shock ! My son tried it on me and I almost hit the ceiling the shock was so powerful . Definitely not recommended . Someone could really get hurt . We had to get rid of it . Absolutely not for children .
 We ordered two of these for my boys and one was broken and did n't work at all . The other one lasted about two days and then it did n't work either . They are JUNK !!! Do n't waste your money .
 This toy is very cheaply made and does n't last long when played with . It was long after the first use that it broke to pieces .
 This is a horrible product . I suggest you do not get it . It hurt me a lot and it is dangerous . It could seriously injure someone . It was not a fun toy and it is a waste of money .
 I 'm 10 years old and a teenage boy tricked me with this gum . It really hurt !! I almost did n't fall for the trick because it looks fake . Practical jokes that hurt other people are n't funny -- they 're just mean . I hope the boy who did it to me does n't do it to any other kids .
 Almost a little to shocking for kids ... as a parent the shock was quite uncomfortable & could be felt up into your arm . Similiar the the feel of licking a 9V lol
 This was very fun for a while , until the battery died about 2 days after it arrived . Did i mention it took about 1 month to deliver ???
 It was damaged and it did not shock so I think it is a bit rude that u r selling damaged products to us
 I purchased these as stocking stuffers . Some had a mild electric charge while others were freakishly strong . I made sure I was n't standing in water when they were around . They went in the trash .
 Not only does the label actually clearly and boldly says &#34; SHOCK pull here &#34; . Even if you cover that with your thumb , the &#34; gum &#34; in the package is clearly plastic with two lines in it to make it try to appear like sticks of gum . The stick sticking out is a thick piece of plastic with a gray sticker on the top and bottom . It looks COMPLETELY fake . I only got people to pull it after we laughed about how bad it looked and they tried it for fun.From the reactions , it packs a decent punch and I 'm still too afraid to pull it myself .
 When I purchased this item I was unaware that it was going to be very strong . The shock could still be felt after 5 min . It is unsafe .
 This `` funny '' gag delivers a powerful shock that will make your family and friends hate you . It is even unsettling if you are prepared for the shock . Try doing it to yourself 5 times in a row and see how fun it is . My sister still complained of pain 30 minutes after I played the trick on her . If you have a morbid sense of humor and you take joy in the suffering of others , then you will like this toy , but if you are normal , you wo n't . I ca n't believe some of the other reviewers let children play with this , nevermind 4-year-olds !
 broke with in first day just buy using it not pulling hard none of that , just a bad product mabye if i could get a new one and try it agian my tought would be better and i might recemond it but for now do not buy it
 I believe this product is dangerous . My son bought it . He thinks it 's funny , but the shock is strong and goes all the way up to my elbow and I can feel it for some time after . It has been `` lost '' . The product says , `` Not recommended for children or people with heart conditions '' , but supposedly it 's `` safe '' . Do n't buy . It is not funny to anyone , except maybe the person doing the shocking .
 I was somewhat upset that this gag did not work . It was 1 cent , so I should have probably expected as much . I guess its okay to scare people in thinking its a shocking gag , but other than that , its junk ... I suggest to you not to buy this
 I recently purchased this item for my daughter who has been wanting to paint . I thought this would be great because the paint is in the brush and it wo n't be messy . Although all this is true , both of us found it very frustrating that it was difficult to get out of the tube . If this is made for children , should n't it be easier to use and should an adult really have trouble with it ?
 My 3 year old and I played with this toy today . The paint is in the brush , but it is very difficult to squeeze it out . I ended up squeezing big globs out for my child to spread . She enjoyed it once we used that method . I at first wondered why it only came with 3 pieces of paper , but we found out shortly that we only needed 2 . We made 2 paintings , and we drained all 3 brushes dry doing so . It was a 10 dollar one-use-only toy . Maybe we 'll use the paper for another color wonder product . My advice is to buy some good washable paints and real brushes . It 'll be a better experience for you and your child .
 This toy is junk ! It does not work as advertised , it has sharpe edges on it that could hurt a child . It is another China junk toy . If you are looking for a toy gun for your child do n't buy this one . I returned the toy gun and got my money back!DJ
 I recieved this product and was very disapointed in the quality of it . I went to assemble it so it could be ready for my daughter for Christmas and discovered that the item was defective . Holes did n't line up and I was unable to assemble the bottom half of the item due to the defect and had to return it . The other drawback was that it was not even partially assembled and the pieces did n't fit together well . -LRB- Yes , I assembled it correctly -RRB- ... The microwave would n't shut unless you pushed in the top corner and the backing on the product is very thin cardboard that a child would easily tear through . Overall , I would n't recommend it to anyone unless they do n't mind poorly made toys . It 's a waste of money .
 This kitchen is very cheap . Not durable , hard to put together and my daughter has a hard time with the cabinets and turning the knobs , would not recommend to anyone .
 I wish I had just returned this when we bought it and saved myself the headache . I kept it for my 3 year old daughter after spending hours assembling it . It seemed a bit off and it was n't until we rode it that it was clear the front was not rolling straight . I am going to take it to a bike shop to see if they can fix the issue . I ranked it two stars because the style and size is great and the training wheels are far superior to those on my son 's wal-mart Hot wheels bike . The price was competitive and we wanted something that we could pass on to others or keep for grandkids ... we 'll see if we can fix it . My daughter does like it and enjoys the pink Pyramid Pom Pom Bicycle Streamers and pink Sunlite Mini Willow Bushel Basket we added to make it more pretty .
 This bike suffers from a variety of flaws . Firstly , it has no brakes . Secondly , it literally weighs more than my adult bike . If it falls on your kid , they are going to be hurt . 3 year olds , at the top end for 12 inch bikes will have trouble moving this bike . Thirdly , the tires are solid , not air filled . The ride is harsh and the tires do n't grip like real rubber tires do , so starting and stopping are more frustrating than they need to be . At this age a bike only needs to be safe and fun to ride . This bike is only fun to look at , not to ride.Sanjay
 ORIGINAL -LRB- May 15 2012 timeframe -RRB- Received the bike and put it together . They wrapped it really well and packed wonderfully so you will have a bike with no scratches.Unfortunately , this piece of Americana now has to be built in China due to labor costs , etcetc -- The quality is NOT there.FIRST ... DISCLAIMER -LRB- lol -RRB- ... I 'm viewing this from a perspective of a bike person , not a toy . But I 'm an adult parent so ... caveat emptor . The bike may satisfy your needs . Also another disclaimer , I am engineering-inclined and experienced bicyclist -LRB- well , at least in riding in my much younger days on a huge but bike friendly campus -RRB- , not a layman who is `` clueless '' on a bike.With that in mind , here are my observations :1 -RRB- Rear wheel does NOT spin smoothly . There 's a lot of friction so after you pedal and let go , the wheel will stops pretty much immediately . So , if you want to be positive , there 's little chance your kid will pedal fast and pick up too much speed , because he really ca n't coast on it . Another positive ... build leg muscles : -RRB- As I write this review , I debating that I probably need to fix it NOW ... the bearings in the wheel wheel hub either do not have enough grease , or they are not round , etc. . Over time , it will only get worse . It will grind down and possibly damage the bike . Probably cheaper to get it checked out and fixed now rather than later . I have rebuild the wheel hub before -- it is time consuming . Given lack of time with a kid and family now , I probably will need to send it to a bike shop . -LRB- I 'll see if RadioFlyer will let me do a swap by Radioflyer ... -RRB- 2 -RRB- Bell . Does n't ring well . I expect to push it and give me a nice thrilling resonating sound . It does n't . Plus , I 'll need to open up and look at the components ... there should be a spring so that after you press the lever , it 'll return to the orignal position so you can press again . Right now , I need to push and pull on the lever . Probably need to fix -LRB- or try to get it swap by Radioflyer -RRB- 3 -RRB- The rear chrome fender is slightly warped -LRB- maybe from packing ? -RRB- I had to man-handle and twist so that it aligns with the bike and wheel .4 -RRB- Wheels again -- they are not true -LRB- straight -RRB- . I used to own and bike around on my college campus wayyy back ... so I had to pull out my tool kit . Why should you care ? Durability . The wheels basically spin wobbly so that means that when you put weight on it , over time it will get worse and the wheels will bend out of shape even more as it carries your kid around . SO IF YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE THE BIKE DOES N'T BREAK DOWN , you will need to get the wheels straight and true . I am planning to do it myself but without the right tools , I 'll probably need to make a trip to the bike shopOtherwise , I guess the bike should hold up ... it 's a tank -LRB- heavy -RRB- . ________ UPDATE -LRB- May 15 timeframe , 15 mins after this -RRB- I 'll need to mark everything as NEUTRAL right now -LRB- since I ca n't delete the review -RRB- . Basically I contacted customer support and they seem very supportive . I 'm working with them on the bike . So great service ... we 'll see how it turns out . __________ FINAL UPDATE -LRB- August 13 , 2012 -RRB- Well , RadioFLyer had me swap out the bike with them . I simply placed my fully assembled bike in a box they provided and shipped back to them for review . In turn , they shipped me a fully assembled bike . Cool!However , overall , I 'm going to have to move them from 3 stars -LRB- neutral -RRB- to 2 stars . The received bike is definitely in better shape . The bell works and the fenders are n't warped . However , the wheels are still wobbly -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- . Long term , failure is inevitable unless you true -LRB- straighten -RRB- the wheels . Perhaps I expect too much for this bike and should view it as a toy ???? Anyways there are my humble opinion . In the end , I 'm just keeping it -LRB- too much hassle to de-assemble and ship back for refund -RRB- . I 'll get around to straightening the wheels ...
 The right pedal should be reverse threaded so it does n't unscrew itself as the child rides . It 's not , so you have to make sure you put the right pedal in tight . The left pedal will tighten itself naturally as you ride . Any decent bicycle is designed with a reverse threaded right pedal . Also , the front headset is only a piece of nylon plastic . There are no ball bearings . This bike will last one kid , but wo n't make it to any antique markets . You get what you pay for . Otherwise , it works and my son loves it . I would n't buy it again .
 This item is not too good . The sound quality is poor and most of the lights do n't work . It seems like it would hold together with a lot of use , but I ca n't tell since it does n't work . Not too fun . Maybe I got a lemon , but I would not recommend this item .
 I have always had a high opinion of Radio Flyer products . I grew up receiving items manufactured under this name as my daughters . So when it came time to get my grandson his first bike this is the first company I thought of for my purchase . When the bike arrived yesterday , I was showing another member of my family what our grandson was getting for Christmas . I was deeply concerned with a warning on the bottom of the box . This bike does not have brakes . I ca n't believe that any bike would be manufactured without brakes . Tricycles , yes but bicycles ? No where in the product description does it state this warning . So now I have to return this product and try to find another bike that has coaster brakes . I have to wonder how many other descriptions conveniently leave out product warnings as was in this case .
 I bought this bike thinking it was the next step up from a tricycle . I wanted a small bike so that it would be easier for my daughter to learn to ride first . I figured she would grow out of it in a year but did n't mind since my son could use it next . -LRB- I had a hard time finding a gender neutral bike otherwise . -RRB- The bike was like those bikes you see in the circus where the rider is riding a teeny-tiny bike . It looked like a toy.This is the only gripe I have with buying something online . You ca n't really judge the size online.If you want this for a 2 year old -LRB- instead of a tricycle -RRB- it would be fine . Anyone older I would say it is a total waste of money .
 Okay ... I have to admit that this is an adorable little bike . When my son received it for Christmas I do n't know who was more excited ! Then I proceeded to assemble it and noticed a ` warning ' on the side of the box ... `` No Brakes '' . Correct me if I 'm wrong here but I thought the whole point of getting a bike with training wheels was to actually ` teach ' a child how to ride a bike . Sure the 10 '' Radio Flyer may be good for the first 3 months but what happens when your little one ` gets up to speed ' ? They 'll be crashing into everything . Meaning the bike , at best , will be limited to backyard use only . Our intent was to go for strolls around our block ... and we live in a very quiet neighborhood with little traffic . Still , I would n't trust going around the block knowing my little one could n't stop on his own if he had to or , God forbid , mommy was a step or two behind and not able to ` grab ' him quick enough!For $ ... I 'd recommend going with a bike that has brakes so that parents and/or caregivers can seize ` teachable moments ' -LRB- like , stop or you 'll crash into the house ! -RRB- . Bummer ... I expected more from Radio Flyer .
 We bought this bike for our son a year ago , for his third birthday . I liked that it was a nice small size and the look was gender neutral and gorgeous . However , we have been very disappointed with the bike 's performance . It is just so HEAVY . My son has a really hard time getting going on it and going uphill just does n't seem to work for him on this bike . One mistake that I wo n't make again is trying to surprise him with the bike and not trying it out ahead of time in the store . We will soon buy him a new bike and this time will take him to a real bike shop to be fitted and to try out the bike .
 I purchased this bike for my son on clearance at Target for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . You get what you pay for!I kept it outside , well it is a bike ... an outside toy ! It rusted in no time , wish I had known that prior , I would have sprayed it with some rustoleum first . But that 's not the worst of it , the brace plate covering the chain fell off within 2 weeks and so did the plates that cover the top part of the wheels . No more protection for my son 's fingers . This is actually a real cute bike and easy for my son to ride , but it is made real junky ... I would have expected much more from an old company with a gret reputation -LRB- why I purchased this brand -RRB- . I have the plastic wagon and it has held up great , easy to wash down and it has n't fallen apart ... perhaps b/c it is plastic and not metal . Overall , I was disappointed in this purchase . Looking to buy a bew bike for my son now .
 I feel that for Amazon to advertise this item without a clear disclaimer or warning in bold faced type that this bicycle does not come equipped with any form of braking mechanism would easily be deemed contributory negligence by any impartial jury in the event of a fatal accident . When buying as quality a name as Radio Flyer one would never expect to have to read the fine print to learn that this bicycle lacks something as fundamental as BRAKES . In an urban or even suburban environment , this is a terrifying item to give a child , and I am appalled by the lack of disclosure by Radio Flyers agent , Amazon.com . Once you receive the bike , it is immediately apparent that there are no brakes . I am returning this and instead purchasing the 12 '' bike , which is equipped with a coaster brake , and will fight with Amazon over the return freight . Apparently Radio Flyer deems the additional 2 '' worthy of a braking system so your child can actually stop at an intersection , rather than `` Flying '' right through it . Keep your child safe . Do n't buy this bike .
 We have this model and the chain keeps falling off due to the fact that the chain is attached to the training wheels and it has a movable back wheel , so when the wheel gets loose the chain falls off . I do n't know why it is not stationary but it is not , the back wheel spokes are open so that part moves and chain falls . So every time this happens you have to loosen the back wheel and pull it so that you can then retighten it and then hope it does n't happen again . Which it will because if anyone with some weight on them rides it , it moves the back wheel again . This bike is not worth it , please do no buy it , it will only give you headaches . You have been warned .
 My parents bought this for our daughter 's 3rd birthday . I really wish I would have chipped in and just gotten one of the more expensive models of Plan Toy dollhouse.The problem
 the deck broke off ... we called the company and they sent us a new one . the inside room divider broke . called the company again with a list of toys that had broken -LRB- play toys -RRB- with no response . these toys are pretty , but expensive and do n't last .
 Note that other Amazon vendors sell this for $ 59 with less shipping -LRB- free super saving shipping , even -RRB- ; also , the picture here misleadingly shows dolls and furniture included , and they are NOT . The product itself is terrific , but not for this price . Buyer beware !
 I brought this dollhouse for my daughter and she does n't play with it much at all . It not very open and it is plain and it was n't very appealing to her . I think she would of enjoyed a more open and decorated doll house . It is n't as open as it looks and it is hard to play with the bottom part especially . It does n't come with anything and the people you need buy do n't stay standing very well . She plays with dollhouses when we go to other people 's houses but she does n't play with this house . It is pretty sturdy and it is nice looking but it appealed to me more than it did to her .
 I bought this on looks ; nice detail , attractive , and cool . But after one month of low use , it 's broke . Be warned the operating part is in the tender not the locomotive . There is a cheap plastic rod which connects into the Engine . It sounds like a windy struggling electric motor because it is a windy struggling electric motor.If the plan is to put this Loco on display ... perfect choice . If you want an engine that you actually put on tracks and run , look elsewhere.Cheap . Poor constructed . Poor operating design .
 I was just talking about this with my wife . I received this for Christmas one year and had no clue what it was or why my folks bought it for me . I do n't know what ever happened to it and never cared . It 's only memory for me was it was the most bizarre thing my parents ever got me .
 Castle will not stay together , door has already broke and it has not been a week ... not what I expected ... do not purchase
 This is the cheapest toy I have ever seen . the plastic is very flimsy and it will not stay put together . It is not the ideal castle to play with maybe look at but if I know my son he would like to play with it .
 I purchased this for my son and I could n't be more disapointed.Neither the castle nor its accessories remain assembled . The helmets have not remained attached to the soldires so you can see their empty heads and many of the hands have come off and gone missing . Many parts of the seige engines are made of brittle plastic and have broken . I recommend looking elsewhere for a toy castle . I 've examined the Fisher Price Imaginext Adventurer 's Castle and will be purchasing that item for this christmas . Last years Imaginext castle looked like assembly was the major function . This years looks to be good for pretend play .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas . The whole thing would n't `` snap '' together . The pieces just rested in the slots , and kept falling over ! They were so cheap , they did n't include a second sticker for the other side of the flags . The people 's hands kept falling out , and the seige wagon would n't stand up in the non-snapping slots ! DO NOT waste your money !
 I agree with other reviewers - this toy is a piece of junk . Spend more and get something that works !
 First let me say that the only reason I bought this castle was because it was close to Christmas and I could not find a castle similar to this locally.The shipping was fast and I was happy with that part of the transaction . I was happy with the price of $ 19.99 and thought that was a good deal , however I forgot to check the price of shipping , as I was in such a rush to get all of my Christmas shopping done . The total cost of the castle ended up being around $ 48 , which was way over-priced . Unfortunately by the time I noticed how much shipping was it was too late , I had already paid.Another problem that I have is that the overall quality of the castle is very poor . Most of the parts -LRB- you have to put it together -RRB- did not fit together properly during assembly . The parts were warped or bent because the plastic used to make it was very thin , making it impossible to get them to stay together as they were supposed to .
 Does the guy who gave this five stars work for the company ? I found this item in a local store and thought it would be great as a hanukah present for my 3 year old son . I gave it to him the first night and by the eighth night it was in the trash . I had all the same problems as everyone else with the bonus that my box was missing pieces ! After the holidays I went to TRU and found a nice wood set on sale for 1/2 the cost . Live and learn , I guess .
 Our church preschool had a medical cart that the kids loved playing with until it lost its wheels . We ordered this cart as a replacement , but it does n't live up to our old cart . This cart has only two wheels , so kids need to push down on the handle to lift the back of the cart off the ground before they can push it -LRB- this is not easy for a toddler to do -RRB- . Also , the top of the cart does not stay attached to the bottom ... it 's difficult for an adult to reattach the top let alone a child . The toys that come with the cart are sturdy and fun to play with , but the cart just does n't cut it .
 Got it brand new on Christmas . The second lap of the track the smoke unit overheates and causes the smokestack to melt distort and cave in , the front of the boiler is distorted .
 Truck looks great but is not durable enough for smaller kids . My kid looks like a giant but he does n't know how to be gentle . It lasted about 3 weeks before the wheels was the only thing left in tact .
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 Anything that reminds young children of wanting to eat food that is high in fat and cholesterol should not be sold . Please choose a tent that reminds them of something else . There are so many choices !
 There is no flash on this camera , the images are impossible to see on the screen after you have taken them , and though it says on the box it holds 120 photos , I ca n't change the setting on it to hold more than 30 . Do not waste your money .
 It 's cheap but not inexpensive.The camera looks cool but very cheaply designed and fragile.Not recommended !
 We purchased this camera for our 4 year-old at Walmart but when I saw it on here wanted to warn people that it 's very difficult to hook up to a computer and have problems that can not be resolved through customer service . We were n't expecting much from the camera so I 'm not heart broken about this problem but wanted to let people know that if you 're expecting QUALITY from this product you will be disspointed . It 's much more of a fun toy than something useful .
 Terrible product , do n't waste your money . The photo quality is horrid even at the highest resolution setting and , if the batteries die -LRB- which they did after just four hours -RRB- , all of the photos are erased .
 If I could give this zero stars I would . I bought this for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas . The camera is cheaply made . The preview screen is so worthless they even mention it on a sticker placed near the screen that the photo will be of better quality . There is no memory card . The pictures are stored via 2 AAA batteries . The door to the battery compartment does not stay shut tight . Therefore , during normal handling the door is touched disrupting the battery charge and erasing the stored pictures . Constantly . Even when I used it this happened . As far as the software goes it is very difficult to intall . We installed / uninstalled it at least 8 times . My computer recognized the camera twice . The first time we successfully loaded 1 photo . The second time it told us no photos existed -LRB- We had just taken a bunch to test it -RRB- The other times it did n't recognize the camera forcing us to unintsall/install . As far as technical support goes there is none . The camera has been discontinued . They have a newer model now but I would stay clear . It looks almost identical . We were very disappointed with this product .
 This camera should not even be on the market . I purchased this camera for my niece for Christmas ... . you ca n't even make out the pictures on the computer . I DO NOT recommend this product !!
 Sakar should be stopped from making cameras if they 're all like this . My son got the star wars 92022 version of this camera and it 's all the same problems not to mention you 'll receive zero customer support from the company and the drivers are not online after seeing the CD does n't provide the correct drivers . It keeps deleting the pictures , seems to work as cam while hooked to pc but wo n't load the pictures and keeps deleting them.Only buy this as a toy for a very small child who wo n't mind that it does n't work like a real camera .
 I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas . When I took it out of the wrapping on Christmas Eve , the LCD screen did not work -LRB- eventually we got it to work sometimes if we squeezed the front and back of the camera together almost violently -RRB- . Then , the first time she wanted to download pictures , the USB jack broke loose from the casing . The Sakar rep I spoke with offered to replace the camera for me , but the camera I originally bought was so flimsy and cheap feeling , that , coupled with the defects that showed up in the first 12 hours , I have no interest in getting another one . Personally , I will never touch a Sakar product again .
 Got this for my 11year old daughter for xmas . The battery door hinge or spring broke and the batteries kept getting ejected out . Which frustrated my daughter because all the data/photos taken are lost . Should have payed more and not invested in a toy camera .
 This camera was not impressive . The picture that shows in the display window was very blurry and I often saw this at the stores for less money than what I paid . I am very dissappointed with the bang for my buck .
 We bought this camera for our 5 year old ... the USB connect broke the second time we tried to connect it to the computer . It also took horrible pictures .
 For Christmas last year , we thought this camera would be a great way to introduce our boys -LRB- 6 and 7 years old -RRB- to photography . We were WRONG ! To begin with , the battery door is located on the bottom side of the camera , and held closed with a sensitive spring operated door . Every time we turned around , `` MOM ! The battery fell out again . '' This should n't be too aggravating , but with the `` volatile memory '' you lose everything . Our kids were so aggravated a week after Christmas , that the camera fell out of favor with them . By the beginning of February 2009 , they were asking for a replacement camera.Then came the software . We chose this product because the software and drivers were mac compatible . WOW ! Even with the appropriate software loaded , drivers updated , AND cable provided , we successfully were able to download 1 very grainy photo . Then guess what happens with the volatile memory ... It ERASES ! Great , now you are unable to try and download the images again.And like I mentioned earlier , if you have a loose battery door , gravity will encourage the battery to fall out . We tried several brands and types of tape . Nothing kept the door completely secure . Nearly every time the camera powered on , all previous images were erased or even worse , we had to set up the camera all over again.Additionally , the camera lens is so small , if little fingers made little prints on the lens , you 're up the creek . It 's very difficult to clean properly.For the price -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- at Walmart -RRB- , I am selecting a Vivitar digital camera with better performance , quality and company pedigree.Please , do yourself the favor and opt for quality over price tag .
 This camera is cr * & . We bought this because we thought it wold be easy for our 4 year old to use . The screen is small and grainy . IT also does n't move quick enough with you to see what you are photographing . We never bothered taking pictures , because the camera operation is so horrible . I would NOT recommend this to others and the manufacturer should not be selling this . We decided to buy her a real camera and not deal with the cruddy kids cameras .
 This camera is terrible . If I could give it zero stars , I would . The battery door does n't stay closed , and every time it opens the batteries fall out and all the pictures are lost . As I type this , I 'm exhausted from a very long day at the zoo where we had to keep visiting the same animals over and over because the camera lost the pictures . I wish I could insert a picture of my daughters ' tantrums over her lost pictures -- but , you guessed it ... the batteries fell out and we lost it ! Stay away from this camera !
 I thought it would be better , there is not as much memory as I thought . I do not recommend this product .
 this camera is a total piece of dowah . do not buy it . I opened the battery compartment to check the batteries and lost all of my daughters pictures .
 My 8 yr old daughter was wishing for a little digital camera of her own for Christmas after her 11 yr old brother got one for his bday in November . We received it broken , and because I paid for gift wrapping , I did n't know it was broken until Christmas morning .
 Forget about the horrible quality of the photos , that 's to be expected of such a cheap camera and of course it 's difficult to use . BUT to lose the pictures that you 've already taken because the batteries -LRB- that you had to buy BTW because it does n't come withthem -RRB- died , that 's pathetic and makes this camera completely useless and a waste of money .
 Bought this camera for my five year old . After snapping pics here and there , we went to check out the pics on the pc and the camera was blank . The pics were not saved even though the quantity no . on the screen kept going down after every pick he took . I 've tried everything I know to retrieve the pics , but I just cant find them .
 This camera is by far the worst piece of technology I have ever touched . Even at web prices -LRB- ~ $ 25 -RRB- it is a total rip-off even for a child 's camera . Picture quality is absolutely horrid - you ca n't expect much from .3 MP - and it does not have any optical or digital zoom and no flash . The software it comes with might be useful with another camera and better pictures but it is overly cumbersome and must be used to get pictures off the camera - most cameras allow the user to view or copy pictures via Windows but not this one . Bottom line - do n't waste your time or money on this camera - it is worthless .
 What a waste of time to air this up . It developed leaks in less time to it took to enter the credit card info to order it . This was the worst gift because it had such a high expectation but turned into the biggest disappointment . The vinyl was so thin that rolling it over normal bermuda grass created holes from small seed pods and sticks . Save your money ...
 This toy looks great in the ad but it took us 2 hours to blow the dozen or so chambers up . The instructions were terrible . You have to force too much air into one chamber so that it will go into the next . The chambers do not stay inflated and some do n't work at all . My son does still have fun with it but I would n't buy it again .
 My daughter was so excited to use this toy with her friend on the first warm day of spring , but was sorely disappointed . It took nearly three hours to fill each individual chamber with air , and by the time I was done , her friend had to go home . If you leave it outside , it gets very grungy and it is a pain to clean all of the grass and dirt and bug carcasses out of the crevices . And since you ca n't fit in through a regular door without deflating it a bit , ours wound up mostly outdoors . Some chambers leaked and went flat.It was somewhat fun , although I was worried that the kids would roll over too hard and break an arm . It 's hard for the younger kids to push around . My older daughter did have fun in it during a raging hurricane , sitting inside with a hose running.Too labor intensive . Looked like a good idea , but in reality was a pain in the neck .
 This was a great idea for my 2 kids for Christmas , I thought . Unfortunately the Giga was a hassle to inflate with about 15 air chambers took close to an hour to fill . Then our first time pushing the kids around with 2 friends -LRB- only one child in at a time . Each kids weight was under 80lbs . It is rated up to 150lbs . -RRB- the one air chamber ripped at the seams . I now have a giga ball that was used 1 time with duct tape holding one panel together . It ripped on 3 of the four sides holding it together . Most of the chambers are held by 5 seams . This chamber was right by one of the two openings . So my Giga Ball experience was pretty flat .
 My 7 year old son received the Giga Ball for Christmas . It was a big hit . He and all of his cousins had a great time with it for several hours . Unfortunately , the very next day , it pretty much fell apart . I did n't expect it would last very long , but had hoped that it would last more than one day .
 I see that one reviewer 's gigaball came with instructions . How nice - mind did n't . It took four hours to fill up with a pretty good air compressor because the air leaked out faster than it would fill up . I kept patching holes and new ones kept appearing . It was like the twilight zone . The worst part about it was how disappointed my children were . I will not be purchasing another product from this company . Quality is obviously an alien concept to them .
 The Giga Ball takes quite some time to inflate . If you do n't have a compressor , I would recommend getting one or find someone that does . After you have spent your afternoon blowing it up , your kids will only have a few short hours to play with it because ours had 2-3 holes in it only after an afternoon of play . They give you a patch kit , but your probably better off getting a bike patch kit or something more heavy duty.I figured it would n't last since it was relatively inexpensive . Oh well , my girl loved it though .
 Length :
 We found this to be a great ball ... for the first two hours . After that we noticed several of the seemingly almost 20 separately-inflatable bladders were leaking . The next day the kids wanted to play with the ball again and it required more than 1/2 hour to reinflate it . After that I never had sufficient inclination to spend the time required to reinflate it . Eventually we just got rid of it.But for the many other reviews describing similar leak problems I might have thought I just received a defective one . If you do get one that does not leak please be aware this is a large ball and , as another reviewer noted , because of the many cracks it does pick up dirt/bugs/grass and is hard to wash off . If you do n't mind your kids getting dirty and they have appropriate play clothes this ball can be a lot of fun !
 It is a pain to blow up even with the 3 diff pumps - very gently used and seams opened as though not really sealed , at least 4 chambers within 2 days . Amazon refunded and incl 'd shipping , too , thank the Lord . So if I can find one local -LRB- Target ? -RRB- I 'll try again and not have to deflate & reship if it fails again . Tempted to try Hearthsong to see if quality will be better with their ` exclusive ' color - hopefully better made !
 My kids were dying to get the Giga Ball . It takes forever to blow up as it is divided into multiple sections that need to be inflated individually . After the first inflation , the nozzles that you inflate through kept popping open and before you knew it , the ball had lost air . Since the kids had so much fun with it , I would re-inflate that darn thing just about every day for it to keep its shape ! It 's now been 3 weeks and the rips have started . The patch they include seems to do nothing . So it looks like our expensive ball is heading for the trash . Moral of the story - DONT BUY IT !
 This is a great toy , for 5 minutes . It is VERY Poorly constructed . It develops air leaks in the seams and there is no way to fix them . My kids got this for a gift and really enjoyed it until this fatal flaw was revealed.What a waste ! Please save your money . I wish I had n't thrown the box away or I 'd be returning it .
 Transformers - big hit since the movie - but they are tough and tedious to transform . Takes an engineering degree . Kids love playing with them but they want them transformed all the time and that is not quality time with the kids .
 I purchased this transformer for my grandson as a Christmas Gift . I was surprised at how small it was when it arrived . In comparison , Transformers sold in the store - the same size sell for 1/2 of what I paid for this transformer . Needless to say , I was a bit disappointed with the purchase .
 This is the absolute worst toy ! It is very small and extremely difficult to transform . It is cheaply made and the plastic pieces are constantly breaking off of it and getting lost . This makes my six-year-old very frustrated.I definitely would NOT recommend this to anyone !
 Ok , I really wanted to like this toy . I loved transformers growing up , I watched the cartoons and read the comics and I enjoyed the movie . I really really wanted to like this toy . But it truly sucks on too many levels . I bought it for my 61/2 year old who saw the movie and fell in love with the idea and he asked Santa for Barricade with Frenzy . I 'm at a point now where Santa may actually return this toy . The transformation from car to robot is fairly easy , but the robot form is n't very stable , his torso does n't lock , so he bends over a lot and his head does n't really move . Plus he has this incredibly lame `` action '' punch arm which is not only stupid and uninteresting but tends to go off at the slightest touch when you do n't want it to , like say when you are transforming it back to car !!! It 's all plastic , which I suppose should be expected , Frenzy is also lame , you ca n't really do anything with him , he just folds up or stands there . It seems to be fairly resilient , as I just spent about twenty minutes trying to transform it back to a car . Transforming back into a car is pretty difficult , all you have to do is transform it in the reverse order but the joints do n't want to bend very easy , you end up feeling like you are forcing the thing back together and the stupid arm punching thing keeps getting activated while you are trying to transform it back ! I 'm very disappointed and I think for the ridiculous amount of money the transformers are going for , there should be some actual quality there . I doubt this is very fun to play with since half of the fun of a transformer is being able to transform it from car to robot and back again , hence the name transformers , right ??? I also do n't see this as a great display option unless you always keep it in car mode and never ever transform it , not even once , to robot mode , because once you do , the car mode never looks quite as perfect . Terrible , I do not recommend this toy especially not at the $ $ they are expecting people to pay !
 I had many original Transformers in the 1980 's , sadly most of them have been lost , ruined , or stolen over the years . My first was the police car Autobot Prowl , back when I naively believed the propaganda that all cops were good . That may be what attracted me to Barricade , an evil police car , Michael Bay himself loved this.I found Barricade a bit more difficult to transform without looking at the instructions , than many original Transformers were . Barricade has ridiculous arms , way too long in the shoulders , the left arm spring punch is silly and annoying as it can interfere with transformation , and it has no guns or weapons at all . The arms and feet can be snapped off rather too easily , but they also snap right back into place easily , some designer was clever here ! The connector between chest and abdomen is rickety at best . I can not find the Decepticon symbol anywhere on Frenzy , the symbols on Barricade are very small and inside his 2 police shields . Kinda stupid for a Transformer to display his symbols while in disguised mode . Frenzy does come out of a well-hidden spot on Barricade 's front grill , looks nothing like the original Frenzy that came out of Soundwave , does not transform into a cassette -LRB- like the classic Frenzy -RRB- nor a tape deck -LRB- like the new Frenzy -RRB- . This Frenzy is a TransfoLDer , its head and legs just fold over onto its chest , and the feet are stuck together in one piece.I think Bumblebee is a much better action figure than Barricade .
 This is , without a doubt , the worst Transformers toy I have ever owned . I 've never been more frustrated with a transformation in my life . Now , do n't get me wrong . I 've been a TF fan since Gen 1 and I 've owned many TF toys and this is by far the worst . The entire movie line itself is very flimsy to me . I own Optimus Prime , Barricade , and Bumblebee from the movie line and ca n't say I 'm impressed . I am a huge transformers fan and now with the new movie -LRB- which I loved -RRB- I can enjoy them with my son . Unfortunately that is not the case , as these are not the toys you remember from the past . These toys -LRB- with the exception of Prime -RRB- fall apart when you try to transform them . Arms and legs fall off merely by following the directions provided . That is really sad that you ca n't even perform a transformation on a toy that 's called a TRANSFORMER without it falling apart in your hands no matter how lightly you try to perform the action . But I digress . Getting back to Barricade , his tranformation is extremely frustrating . There are to many small parts that have to align in a very precise manner for it to work . This is almost impossible as lining up one piece usually means that another pops out . Repeat ad nauseum and you 'll realize that this `` Transformer '' and I use the term lightly , is junk . Like I said I own Bumblebee and Prime from the movie line as well and do n't have any problems with them . But Barricade , was given a poor treatment and has absolutely no fun value as you ca n't even transform him without getting frustrated and walking away . I gave my son some of my Gen 1 toys to play with . At least he can transform them easily without breaking them and he does n't come to me asking why his toy wo n't work . I gave the toy an over all rating of 2 stars , because , while in car form , Barricade is pretty cool looking , and his robot form is pretty menacing . It 's just getting to and from those to points , that the toy turns to junk .
 I was really excited when I got this new transformer toy.But like all transformers but in a different way there is more than meets the eye . This transformer looks very cool but it is very hard to transform . The instructions unlike the older ones has only pictures to help you transform it and that does not help at all . The spring loaded punch is very anoying.Every time I touched it went off . It is hard to make it go back into place . You have to get its legs exactly in the right position to transform to a car.It was so hard to transform back to a car that once I got back to a car I kept it that way and did not transform it again .
 Before anything else I say , I want to make it clear that I love the character Barricade and its many incarnations . I loved him in the movie as he was one of my favorite characters and then him being a Saleen Mustang just boosted that even higher !! Now for the toy all though cool looking in car mode all the detail is there once he turns into robot mode he isnt as impressive . I mean the overall look is there but compared to the other Transformers from the movie line he is probably the simplest looking one . To turn him from car to robot and back again is a very unpleasant task and then the fact that you get a feeling you might break something snapping everything back is unsettling . i personally dont like the spring loaded punch , for one thing it seems like it might break while putting the arm back , and too it looks awkward one its done . So again great character , mediocre toy , but if you absolutely just want to have Barricade for your collection a must buy .
 Save your money and buy some other toy . When I took this out of the box , 4 of the pieces were broken and left small bits of plastic around my living room . A piece of junk .
 When you stand this Bumblebee up next to the other movie Transformers , your first reaction will be extreme disappointment . Although it 's not the crappiest Transformer I 've ever seen , it does n't hold a candle to the 2008 Bumblebee . It 's much less aesthetically pleasing , poseable , and accurate than it 's more stylish counterpart , and the color is just wrong.Did I mention that it 's easy to break?Don ' t buy this unless you desperately want a Bee and ca n't find the ' 08 .
 This Bumblebee breaks easily , and it 's the same size as the bumblebees that sell for $ 9.99 everywhere . It 's almost identical to them , unless you count the guns that are easily lost . We were really disapointed , I ca n't believe they 're charging this much for this piece of junk .
 Well , I wish I had listened to everyone that said it was flimsy and breakable . Ours is n't broken yet , but I 'm sure it will be soon . This will be our yardstick for years to come when we think about overspending on a toy just because our son `` has to have it . '' No , he does n't . And I wish we 'd saved our money this time around .
 I was very dissapointed with the toy , it is very small and not worth the price you charge . It was 8inches long and it transforms in to a very small doll . It was extremely overpriced .
 This toy has issues with breaking and not working properly . This Transformer is intirely made out of plastic and is very cheap . Becasue or this it breaks easily . It is a toy to be played with and should not break as easily as it does . The one we purchased never worked correctly , it never snaped back into place after it was transformed the first time and so we went online to see if we were doing something wrong and we found tons of people having the same issue . A bad batch of toys that Hasbro should enter a recall on in my Opinion !! When I called Hasbro to inform them of the issue , they said they could replace the toy once we sent it back but could not guarantee that it would be the same one . Now my son is out the Bumblebee Transformer he really wanted and we can not get it replaced . -LRB- nearly impossible to find without paying and arm and a leg -RRB- This is a $ 10.00 toy through Hasbro ! Buyer beware this toy will frustrate your children .
 I would have rated all 1 's but my son does play with this even though it does not transform . I have read similar reviews ; the front end as a Camaro will not click into place . If this toy were cheaper I could have lived with it but this is such a ripoff ! As far as educational value it teaches kids that they wo n't get what they pay for and to not trust toy manufacturers !
 I have been browsing round the internet and have spotted many websites where people are warning others about a factory defect that will break this toy . The Automorph feature of this toy has a tab that is the wrong thickness and will break off , preventing Bumblebee from transforming back . Hasbro has been producing a second version of Bumblebee , with the tab corrected but nobody is certain when it will be in stores.Wanted to make sure people knew about this before they get mad or have to deal with a disappointed child .
 Like the many who reported having bumblebee 's front part of the camaro refusing to stay put , I have the exact same problem . The latch to keep the stupid spring loaded front hood is of the wrong side which basically makes this version of bumblebee unable to transform to a car . You 're basically stuck with the robot.Barricade is extremely hard to transform back to a car but I was eventually able to do it . I ca n't believe it took me that long too . I bought my kid maybe 5 other transformer toys and this is the first time I have been disappointed . Stay away from the Bumblebee/barricade combo toy . You 'll only regret it later ... I definitely am .
 My son is almost eight and has been playing with Transformers for several years . We opened this Bumblebee and almost instantly the doors broke . They are VERY weak at the joint . All of our other Transformers over these few years have been great , this one however lacks quality construction .
 i got a another bumblebee that was one of the good version and i love it i would pick this up 4 and transformer fans and classic car fans .
 This toy arrived , well packed much earlier than I thought and I thank seller for this . However to my surprise , it was much smaller than I thought . It gives impression that it is bigger in photos here . Was n't impressed with quality . On first conversion attempt , parts started falling apart and by end of May most of them have chipped away one by one even though I tried converting it carefully myself . Would n't recommend this product .
 Warning
 Do not buy this toy . The front hood will break when you put it into robot mode or back into car mode . This is why the Bumblebee toy is so hard to find.STAY AWAY and keep your money !
 I got this in the twin pack with Barricade . I remember in the old days , getting a new transformer toy was fun , but now , it took me 10 minutes to undo Bumblebee from all his wire and tape bondage just to get him out of the package . Once out , I run into a problem in the first transformation step , flipping the feet into the back of the car . The left leg just did n't want to move to the right place . Under more careful examination , I realized there must be some sort of mismatched gear preventing it from moving to the right place . Anyway , I tried continuing with the rest of the transformation , and sort of got it into car mode . Of course I ran into the problem that some people have been reporting , the stupid `` Automorph '' feature on the hood , it basically is spring loaded , so if you press this area on the hood , it pops down and his head pops up . Well , mine was flawed so it was VERY hard to get the thing to stay put . Anyway , after 20 minutes fighting with the thing , I got tired and gave up after having zero fun.Later on , I took a screw driver to the left leg , took out the cover hiding the gears which moves the feet and the rear roof top , and found that yes , my toy 's left foot was one gear off , so after resetting that , I was able to get the left foot to transform properly.Overall , it was extremely disappointing as a toy . I had a load of frustration and zero fun . I can not imagine any kid enjoying it , or even playing with it because it is just a hassle more than anything .
 I bought this toy as a Christmas gift and was very disappointed . It is about 4 or 5 inches tall and very useless for a 5 yr old who was wanting something a bit larger . I thought I was getting something of decent size -LRB- aka 10 - 12 inches at least -RRB- . I had to go buy something else to go with this gift so he would n't have been disappointed .
 My son loves the bumblebee transfomers !! We purchased this bumblebee for his birthday . When we received it and took it out of the box the right door fell off . It was cracked and not fixable . My son was so sad because we tried replacing it for a new one but we were not allowed to . They would only allow us to get a refund that would take 4 weeks . Horrible !!!
 I have now had this problem with the hood of my sons Bumblebee . My 7 year old bought Bumblebee with his own money , and found out after a day , that the hood would not latch , which is the same problem everyone else has . I have examied the toy , and found the little yellow piece that is attached to the hood , and the button , is very weak , and part of it just snaps off . So , we just got home from taking it back to get another one , and we have not even been home for 1 hour , and the same thing happened again . The toy is a good toy , but now my son is also stuck with a robot , and not a car . I will not keep wasting gas to exchange this toy , but I will try it one more time . I think it would be fine , but you just have to be extremely careful with it so it does not break . I 'm willing to bet , that out of every ten people that buy one , at least 8 will break . Just my opinion .
 As one of the first TF toys I saw in the store , I snatched up the `` classic Camaro '' version of Bumblebee . Unfortunately , it has a pretty poor paint job . His face is missing some of the silver markings that should have been painted , and the `` missile launchers '' are solid yellow instead of the translucent purple that are shown on the package . Also , the windows are painted instead of being made of translucent plastic like on the Alternators . The legs of the robot are awkward and hard to pose , and I had a hard time on the very first transformation sequence , where you push a button to fold down the front of the car . I was afraid I would break it , but you have to push the button very hard to get it to work . I hope I do n't have one of the defective ones.It seems like every time there are new TF toys out they get more and more fragile . Not much of a play-toy , more of a collector 's item .
 i remember transformers as a child being a LOT more durable then this hunk of crap . parts fall off , legs come out of joint . if you must have one buy a different model i know there are better made t-formers out there
 The deck focuses on magicians if you add a yami to this deck then almost all of your monster will get a good boost.And dark eradicator warlock special effect is it does 1000 damage every time either player actavates a normal spell only not a equip spell or a continous spell but only a normal spell.Of course you need to tribute dark magician on the field wich this set has.I gave it a five because im a fan of magicians and it really fouceses on the stragety.Its a good deck for anybody so heres a listDark Eradicator WarlockDark MagicianChaos Command MagicianSkilled Dark Magicianx2Apprentice Magicianx2Gemini ElfMythical Beast CerberusWhite Magician PikeruMagician of faithx2Royal Magic LibraryBreaker the magical warriorRapid Fire MagicianEbon Magic curranBlast MagicianTsukuyomispellsNightmares SteelcageMagical Dimensionx2Dark Magic AttackHeavy stormMystical space typhoonMagical BlastSwords of revealing lightReloadLightning VortexSpell AbsorptionDiffusion Wave-MotionMystic BoxPremature BurialMage PowerNobleman of crossouttrapsMagic CylinderCall of the hauntedSpell sheild type-8Divine wrathPitch-Black Power Stone
 This item is ok ... maybe it 's just me , but we have had some issues with it . It was ok at first -LRB- age 1 -RRB- , because my son could n't reach the pedals , and his feet just kind of dangled . But as he got a little older , he always seemed at a loss with what to do with his feet . -LRB- There 's nowhere to rest them . -RRB- He would try to rest them on the pedals , and inevitably jam them with his foot . Now he can reach the pedals -LRB- age 2 -RRB- , but has n't mastered them yet . But his feet are dragging the ground . I guess I can raise the seat up , but this still wo n't solve his dangling problem . Secondly , the canopy and cup holder are useless , and our bike does n't steer particularly straight , even though we have tried to correct this . My sister 's son is same age as mine , and she has the same problems . It is very cute , and we always get compliments on it , but is not nearly as functional . Wish I had gotten something else .
 We received this tricycle as a gift for our two-year old , who is now 3 and a half . Even though we found it difficult to steer from the back , it was great for her at first -- she enjoyed riding as we pushed and she LOVED the basket in the back . However , once she had the coordination and the length in her legs to push , this trike proved to be a serious dud . It barely has any torque -LRB- if that 's the right term -RRB- ; the pedals slip all over the place . She 's pedaling , but she 's not getting anywhere . At first we thought maybe she just needed more practice , but when we saw her on friends ' trikes , it became obvious that it 's this product .
 Just got this bike for a 2 year old ; the adult steering does n't work well ; anyone giving the item five stars must work for the company who makes it . I wish you could buy stuff from a store .
 My kids loved this bike until it got a flat tire in the front . The back tires you can fill with a regular pump , but the front tire is special and I was told to fill it at a gas station . I tried but it did n't work . I am trying to find a replacement tube b/c I fear it may be flat but am having a VERY hard time finding it . The design on this bike is stupid . Why make it so hard to fix ! I am very disappointed and I expect more for the price I paid .
 I bought this for my grandson and although he still plays with parts and loves it , it started falling apart almost immediately . It is very cute , but not at all durable . If it were a lot cheaper , it would n't be so bad . If something fell apart , it would be more understandable . But , for the price , was definitely disappointed .
 We did n't buy ours through Amazon and ended up paying less , about $ 30 , after finding it in a catalog . The difference was that ours did n't come with the spray bottle and hand brush ; hardly worth an extra $ 10 , in my opinion . Otherwise it is exactly the same trolley/vacuum , so I thought I 'd come to Amazon to review since the catalog does n't give us the opportunity.We bought the trolley for our daughter , who just turned 4 , and she has been playing with it off and on since we gave it to her three days ago . She loves to clean , so we thought maybe this would be a good toy to keep her occupied while we do the actual housework . It fits the bill ... kind of . Here are the pros and cons , in our experience : PROS1 . Gives her something to do that makes her feel like she 's `` helping '' when we clean , which is the main reason we purchased it .2 . The vacuum does look like a vacuum and even makes a vacuum-like noise , but it 's not so loud that it would drive you nuts unless you had to sit in the same room with it all day . It also is n't loud enough to scare our cats ... much . It even has a little windowed compartment where styrofoam balls blow around inside when you 're `` vacuuming . `` 3 . It 's easy to add cleaning tools to the set -- for instance , she needed a dusting cloth , so we just gave her an old wash rag . She 's happy.CONS1 . It 's not what I would call heavy-duty plastic and would most likely fall apart if you were even a little bit rough with it .2 . The top tray does not snap and stay on ; if you pick it up by the tray , the tray lifts right off , leaving you with the bottom tray and the two plastic side supports sitting on the floor . I have no idea why they made it this way .3 . The vacuum does n't suck , and I mean that in a bad way
 pretty cheap ! Good for my daughter to be the big girl , help out & have her own `` stuff '' . Cart comes apart very easy , hard to keep vacuum in it if they want to use it alot . The other pieces are fine , it 's mostly the cart
 After reading numerous reviews , I tried to superglue this cart together before it even got played with . Did n't work , the cart disassembles constantly . However , the vacuum , to my surprise really works , minimally . I guess since she enjoys the broom and dustpan so much , as well as the spray bottle and sponge , I should n't complain , but it costs way too much for a fall apart piece of junk that it is .
 My daughter -LRB- 2 -RRB- got this for her birthday . We had a good laugh as her Aunt that gave it to her keeps her house spotless ; even before our child we could never claim that skill.I suggest buying an actual small vacuum that works -LRB- yard sale -RRB- and visiting the dollar store for everything else . The canister style vacuum comes with a small packet of the beanbag chair foam pellets that electrostatically cling to everything . It whirrs and has an ever so faint suction.If you buy it , hot glue the trolley together or you will have to deal with it falling apart and a very frustrated child.As a designer , I do n't think this is well thought out . It is difficult to get the vacuum out of the front holder and the holes for the mop and broom do n't hold them very well . Then the hooks on the side for the dustpan require it to be facing inside revealing the bottom of the pan . The idea that this is for `` Girls Only '' is 1950 's in thinking . I saw one quote about it being a dollar store item . That is not too far from the truth .
 I do n't normally take the time to write reviews but when I saw all the positive reviews on here I had to chime in because I do n't want other parents/children to suffer . Bought this for my daughter for Christmas last year . She LOVED it . Unfortunately it is cheaply made , fell apart every time she used it which caused endless frustration , and so we eventually threw it in the garbage . She has been asking for it ever since and gets very sad every time I tell her we had to throw it away . So while she was happy for 5 minutes upon opening it I have been paying for that with her sadness ever since . Do n't buy this - you 'll regret it . Also please note that my daughter was 5 when she recieved it as a gift - so the problem was n't that she was too young for it . The problem is that it is flimsy and poorly constructed . I have yet to find one that is n't but my search continues .
 I have a 18 month old who wont stay away from my cleaning closet so when he got this trolley for x-mas he was so excited and immediatly started to clean . Its annoying for me as a parent though since the sticks keep coming off the broom stick and the mop , the vacuum keeps disassembling and the actual trolley itself never stayed assembled . As soon as he would go to push it somewhere it would immediatly literally crumble in his hands ! I was constantly fixing the stupid thing . Maybe I can super glue the damn thing together or something.Cool concept but real dollar store quality !!!
 My son loves cleaning and he got this for Christmas . Within 15 minutes of putting batteries in the vacuum it had overheated so much that the batteries started to melt ! YIKES ! My inlaws purchased it for him and never heard back from Amazon for a refund . What a waste !
 Do n't ever order anything that will be shipped from MIDWEST MARINE AND SPORTING GOODS if you want to receive your item in good condition . Our order - Rivers Edge Lures of the Past Double Deck Playing Cards in a wood box , was shipped in a mailing ENVELOPE . The mailing envelope was taped from end to end from the postal service . The box was chipped and damaged . Why would anyone ship a wooden box in a mailing envelope . We emailed Midwest Marine and stated that we would like a replacement box and they did not respond to our email.We rate them ZERO !!! Carol FreitagZephyrhills , FL
 It was given as a gift . Person did n't want to bother to return it , but the box was totally warped . The cards were fine and it 's a nice idea but whoever packed it was very careless or they 're all like that and defective .
 The cards themselves are nice . Good quality cards with simplistic nice pictures and bold markings . The box is a different story.Rough edges , chips inside the box , crooked lining . Pieces do n't fit together smoothly or correctly , cuts are rough -LRB- hello splinter ! -RRB- and poorly attached . And that 's just the inside!The outside design would be nice ... if you could see it clearly . It looks smudged , and was n't attached to the box well at all . Plus , one of the hinges was missing a pin and the hinge was bent out of shape.I am not happy with this purchase at all and next time I 'll spend a little more money for a better box .
 As an award-winning Carnivorous Plant Grower involved in a number of societies , I need to tell everyone whose thinking about buying one of these overpriced Carnivorous Plant kits ... DO N'T !! It 's a rip-off , the plants are easy to obtain fully-grown and probably cheaper . Seed grown Carnivorous Plants take years to mature and they will not survive in a closed dome , undrained container like the one included . Seeds can be bought for One Dollar for a packet of around 10 seeds of a type from the International Carnivorous Plant Society.Total scam-job !! If you would like to get involved in the rewarding hobby of growing Carnivorous Plants I would suggest checking out the book section of Amazon for Carnivorous Plants and pick out an informative book about them and how to grow them . Good picks are Peter D'Amato 's Savage Garden which is highly regarded as being the Carnivorous Plant grower 's bible or a new book on the scene Barry Rice 's Growing Carnivorous Plants.Once you know the specific requirements to grow these plants , I would suggest ordering some plants from one of the many online nurseries which can easily be found by a Google search or maybe check-out your local garden store , nursery , flower shop or even Home Depot or Wal-Mart might even have some in stock.The plants this kit touts as `` rare '' are actually quite easy to find and usually pretty cheap.In closing this product should be reported to the Better Buisiness Bureau for deceptive advertising .
 well i followed all the instructions , but it failed to growI was planning on buying many of those terarrium kids , but after reading the reviews , I think I wont
 so this is the third dragon iv ' e bought for one reason or another the wings would n't fit into the dragon . nothing like manual labor for your birthday , dad .
 This figure looked really cool , which is why I bought it . Now , when I open the box , one of the wings was not attached . When I tried to put the wing on , the dragon 's arm broke clean off . I never did get the wing on . Now , seeing as I really like the look of it , I am going to buy another one , and if that one breaks as well , screw it .
 My 2.5 year old finds these very frustrating . You have to have some skill to build anything as everything must be counter balanced in order to stay up . Also , there 's nothing else to do with these except build pyramids . And I had to spend a lot of time training my son not to throw the very heavy balls . So maybe it 's his age but even so , I was bored with these after 15 minutes . They are shelved until he 's older .
 So I bought these for our almost 3 year old for Christmas . Unfortunately the magnetic strength is awful . The product does come exactly like described , the seller was prompt , but none of that matters if the toy is useless . The balls are where the problem is , they slip and slide all over . Extreme frustration ... So I returned them . Great concept - but the toy needs a redo !
 Weak magnets this product is not as good as one would think , this toy wants to be but its just a sad little toy with a weak magnet system ... Positive vs negative pressure makes zero difference in regards to the cool performance and non creativeness of this product ...
 We were very disappointed with this toy . It looked like it would be a lot of fun for our 4year old . However when we recieved it , and tried it , we realized that the magnets wre very weak , and you can hardly buid it higher than two stories , and then everything crashes down . We are sending it back .
 Have purchased the same version in the smaller magnets for my grandkids and they worked great . This is one time that bigger is not better . They are two heavy to build up high . The magnets are not strong enough to hold them up . They work great if you just attach one to another on the floor . If you try to build up with them they are just two heavy and keep falling . This is one of those times that you should stick to the smaller sticks these so not cut it . They were quite a disappointment .
 My husband and I thought this would be a great Christmas for our almost 3 year old son but we were wrong . I happened to find them in a store so I did not have to pay for shipping -LRB- the box is heavy -RRB- . The idea is good but the magnets are WAY too weak . There is no way an adult much less a child could get any sort of structure to stand upright .
 The idea is nice , but the magnets are too weak to build a structure like the one shown in the picture . As soon as you get to the second level , the entire thing starts twisting and colapses .
 I bought his for my 21/2 year old grandchild in spite of several negative comment regarding the magnet . I am sorry I did because she gets frustrated every time she tries to play with Magneatos . The pieces are fairly large and weighty but the magnets are too weak to hold up the simplest of structure my grandchild tries to built . I would not recommend Magneatos to anyone.Disappointed Grand Dad
 This looked like the perfect toy for my preschool-age sons , but we 've been very disappointed with it . The pieces are extremely durable , but the magnets are not powerful enough to hold a structure together . Unless you build something that is shaped like a pyramid -LRB- like in the photo -RRB- , it collapses immediately . My children immediately lost interest .
 The idea of a magnetic construction set is cool Too bad this one does n't work and , ultimately , is a total waste of money.The parts are well constructed , but heavy . The magnets are weak . Put the two together and you have a construction set you ca n't build anything with.Go beyond the simplest pyramid and everything simply falls down . Even a simple square is a challenge to keep standing . The illustrations in the company 's advertising and on its packaging are deceptive
 Total waste of money . I wish I listened to the reviews that said the magnets are NOT strong and can not hold any kind of structure . Very , very dissappointing .
 Our three kids have zero interest in this toy . You can hardly build anything with it , the magnets are not strong enough to hold any structure together . It just frustrates my kids as it collapses constantly .
 My grandchildren -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- found this toy to be of zero interest . Construction difficult enough that the adults could n't do anything fun with it either . More serious is that the balls are quite heavy -- heavy enough that , when heaved by a 3 year old , they made a dent in the wall board . Perhaps there is an age group for which this is a safe and enjoyable toy , but I would not recommend it for households where there is a child young enough to consider throwing the balls .
 I wanted to put it on a blue shirt I had and instead of making it yellow it turned the shirt green . maybe it would work better for a white shirt but it definitely does n't work for colored shirts .
 When it was recieved the wheels were broken . I was dissapointed . My son couldnt even use it on his tracks
 Love the new series two dragons ... all except for this one . I picked up this figure so I would have the whole series , and because I thought the story was inside each dragon in 5 parts like last time . It is not.This dragon looks awful . The eel like head and bat type wings seem like two different dragon concepts combined , that do n't match well . The coloration , with a bit of camoflage , looks okay on the back , but bad almost everywhere else . This figure has the worse piece to piece color matching of any dragon in series one or two.Mainly , the pose on this dragon is awful . The lack of articulation makes it impossible to improve . This website picture is a LITTLE better than the box shot , as they bent him down a little ... giving him a sort of crawling look . Maybe that is what they were going for , and that might have been cool , but it did n't work . In reality this dragon looks like it 's dancing , or stomping around in a childish Barney fashion . The one arm and leg positioned up just kill the look of this figure . Also , he 's splashing in a textured mudpuddle that might have been cool ... but manages to look way too much like dragon poo.This figure really stands out in the series ... unfortunately because all the dragons are awesome looking , and this one is hideous and poorly sculpted .
 I am fairly experienced with the Estes line of rockets . I 've flown several with my son before and never had any problems ... until now.We constructed the Eggscaliber for a school science project.Construction was straightforward just as other Estes rockets we 'd built . Painted it and prepped it for it 's first launch.This design involves the use of two parachutes - one attached to the fuselage , the other directly attached to the egg payload.I am always careful when folding and placing the chute in the tube . I found that by using two chutes instead of the one -LRB- that most have -RRB- , it was all a little tighter fit , but not too tight that I thought it would malfunction.This design includes an adapter to use the smaller -LRB- more standard -RRB- C gauge engines . This is what I used.Launch . Accent went fine , but then a problem . No chute deployment resulting in nosediving rocket into ground at full speed . Messy . Nose cone seriously dented and card fuselage split at top . Adapter and C engine no where to be found.Conclusion - not enough power to eject the payload and parachutes , causing the engine -LRB- and adapter -RRB- to backfire and shoot out of the end!Next day , I chopped off about 3 inches of damaged fuselage and pushed out the nosecone dent as best I could . Could only now use the E gauge engine as I 'd already lost the adapter.Second launch - accent fine , reaches altitude . See parachute , good so far . Then witness rocket nosedive straight into the ground again.Inspect rocket . No nosecone , no parachutes , no spent engine . WTF?Conclude that the engine backfired again but managed to shoot out the contents ... of which I never found and could not be bothered to search and retrieve.Improvements - Please Estes , redesign this ! * I would strongly recommend people to modify the design so that it uses the one large chute instead of trying to stuff two inside it .
 I see other reviewers are pretty happy with this product , but as someone new to `` upscale '' not-toy figures unfortunately for me this product is sadly lacking in comparison to the line of Medicom 's competitor , Hot Toys . Having seen both Hot Toys releases of Jack Sparrow -LRB- At World 's End and Cannibal Jack -RRB- I was fully expecting the superb attention to detail and quality that the Hot Toys figures have . Annoyances :1 . Face - Hot Toy 's `` cannibal Jack '' face with the iconic paint is a work or art , like a photograph . While its other Jack faces are not spot-on , they are beautifully painted , with a life-like skin texture , and and engaging expression of aliveness . The structure of the face of this version is akin to Depp 's lean face , but the eyes are terrible with an annoying white spot - looks more like some surfer dude .2 . Hands and hair - Hot Toy 's hands are beautifully sculpted , even down to having light touches of dirt and all of Jack 's rings . While hair is sculpted soft plastic , it is full and long and allows free head movement . Medicom hands are soft , unpainted , girly , with one ring - hair is short and so rigid the head can hardly move . Even Hot Toys buckles on the belts match the film - the Medicom baldric buckle does n't .3 . Clothes - both companies have the scale right , but again Hot Toys wins with careful selection of fabrics and tailoring - working buttons , finished seams , both the pants and coat have working pockets ! plus the fabrics are sturdy and weathered as a seaman would wear . While the tailoring on the Medicom figure is good , the fabrics are far more cheesey - the sash is unweathered and feels like polyester ribbon , if you lift the jacket pocket flaps you see raw seams , and the horrible saggy `` baby blue '' pants made of some light cotton . It 's the details - the shirt of the Hot Toys figure has a working drawstring , there is none on the Medicom figure . Fabrics feel cheap and wire in coat bottom poked out of fabric .4 . Sturdiness - Hot Toys ' figures feel strong , and come loaded with to-scale well-crafted accessories . I was surprised by how floppy and light this figure felt - also only accessory is compass.Overall -LRB- for me -RRB- - well , if this were a cheaper figure -LRB- say $ 40 - $ 50 -RRB- I 'd say it was a good buy . But I 've read online that just a Medicom body is $ 50 !!! And I 'd probably be happy enough if I had never seen Hot Toys . The current Amazon sale price is a very good price , I 've seen this offered at $ 150 , and it IS a nice collectible for a POTC or movie fan . But I think Hot Toys has spoiled me - and I returned this , to me it looked better online than in hand and found quality unimpressive .
 Unfortunately , two of the six rolling pins broke the first time they were used . The red handles came off . I tried gluing them back on , but that did n't work . I would n't purchase this item again .
 Took it out of the package . Tried to `` transform '' it . and the body separated . Thought I fixed it but it falls off every time . Not worth the effort to return it . My advise ; do n't buy it.Clicked the stars on the `` fun '' rating . should have been 1 star .
 I was very disappointed in this transformer toy . I bought it for my sons for Christmas and it was broken by the end of the day . It was somewhat hard to move and that may have been why it broke so early -LRB- the kids were forcing it to move the wrong way -RRB- . My boys are nearly 4 and 6 . Maybe they were just too young to play with this toy . They build complex Lego designs that are for older children all the time and rarely have a problem , so I thought that this transformer would be okay . It really was a complete waste of money , at least for my boys . I ca n't recommend buying this toy .
 10 Bucks for an action figure that does practically nothing , and transforming it into some kind of comet , does not make it funny ... My four year child , lost interest in less than 5 minutes ... I feel totally disappointed with this figure ...
 Pro-boat makes JUNK ! These boats are throw-away models . One flip and the hull CRACKS and you ca n'tfix it ! I blew $ 1000 dollars on the 1/8 scale gas hydro and in less than 6 months , it 's trash!Don ' t waste your cash . Buy a GOOD hull and build a great boat . These are not even set up right . The balance is WAY OFF and it 's impossible to correct it . The motor is way to far back in the hull and the rear is way to heavy . The nose -LRB- bow -RRB- rides to high and this causes `` blow-overs '' . FLIPS ! JUNK !!!!
 Our 4 and 2 yr old have played with Discovery Toys Marble Works at my aunt 's house and were begging for a marble game . We found the 55-piece Redbox Marble Run -LRB- box labeled no. 23641 -RRB- on Christmas toy clearance and decided to take a chance . Unfortunately , the pieces do n't stay together very well -- they pop apart when the kids play with the game and some pieces do n't fit tight enough to stay together . I put the set together as pictured and then taped all the pieces so that it would n't come apart . With the marble run taped together it played fairly well . There are two pieces with spinning attachments that spin when marbles go down the track -- those pieces are not attached in any way and sit there simply by gravity ; they sometimes get knocked off by marbles rolling past or definitely fall off when the set is tipped over . The 10 marbles that come with the set are about 9/16 inch which is just smaller than the standard 5/8 marbles -- we do n't have any standard marbles yet but I think that they may be able to be used with the set.When we play with the Discovery Toys MarbleWorks we can take the set apart and put it up again in a different configuration to give some variety . Today I took off the tape -LRB- which we had on for a week -RRB- and attempted to take the set apart and put it back together with my two boys -- what a disaster . They wanted to put marbles on it but without it being taped together it kept popping apart and falling down . I 'll try to rearrange the set when they 're asleep and tape it together again.I 've ordered the more expensive Discovery Toys MarbleWorks and we 'll be throwing this set away when it arrives .
 We were really looking forward to this for our 3.5 yr old son for Christmas . We were so dissappointed because the pieces DO NOT fit well together . It is very difficult for me to build , let alone my son . Some pieces fit so loosely that they did n't hold . Other pieces would n't connect all the way . Do n't buy this . Go with a different brand !
 I was disappointed when this toy arrived . It was `` okay '' but not as sturdy as I would 've liked . My boys -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- had to keep rebuilding after the structure would fall over and break apart . They had played with an older version at a relative 's house that was much more substantial but does n't seem to be made anymore . It might be better for a slightly older , more patient child who will knock into it less and be less frustrated by having to rebuild .
 We got two marble runs for xmas this year and the Redbox was not as nice as the Creative Minds one . Redbox model wants to fall apart very quickly , and comes with really cheapo plastic marbles . The Creative Minds one came with real marbles and was quite a bit sturdier . Spend a few extra $ $ $ and get a better one than this .
 There are no instructions on how or different ways to put this together . It easily falls apart and is not very well made . Was not overly impressed with the toy as a whole .
 My mother in law bought it because it was cheap , I guess . It was fun once you got it to stay together , but that did n't last long . Really cheaply made . I would say it 's worth about $ 10 . I would never buy it .
 Very disappointed in this toy . There was no indication that this toy was small . Once I got it ... well ... it 's as big as the palm of my hand . I hope it doesnt ' get lost under the tree !
 I bought this backgammon attache less than five months ago and I have used it 5-10 times . Already , the screws that connect the two halves of the board came out and wo n't go back in . The holes that the screws screw into no longer secure them .
 I was in the market for a decent travel backgammon set and this one had decent reviews . I received the set and it was already broken . The screws that hold the hinges to the back of the game were loose and 2 of their threads were completely stripped . We returned the game and went to buy one at a local store which was much nicer . Do not buy this particular product .
 Much to my surprise after a year of waiting the Space 1999 Rescue Eagle & Fireball XL5 Premium Pack finally arrived . The fault was not with the seller . The seller did mail out the product almost exactly a year ago , according to the postage information . The problem was with the delivery . I suspect that the product was lost in the mail , amazingly , for an entire year . The minature Eagle is really nice . The level of detail on these minature replicas is quite good , and the price is very reasonable . If you are a fan of Space
 Had been looking for a pull toy . This one tries to be both - stacking andpull toy - but it can not be used as a pull toy because the dog/cat headskeep falling off . It may work as a stacking toy , were it not for thewheels and pull string.Good construction , but not what we were looking for.And the box print says recommended for 1 + , but came witha sticker saying it should not be used for toddlers under 18 months , as it has `` potential of causing injury in area of throat '' .
 I had high hopes for this set -- our son loves anything with wheels , and we love the flexibility of the original wedgits set . So this sounded perfect.But unfortunately all this set does is include some wheels . Not very many , and not with very much flexibility as to what you can do with them . Very low on the suggestions for vehicles you can build , and in fact it 's hard to build anything that looks or acts much like a vehicle.High expectations , not met . Hence the low rating .
 I love the other Wedgits set we have and was very much looking forward to this set . I had seen some reviews saying the wheel assembly was difficult to put together . It is VERY difficult for anyone under 15 . Then once you have the assemble together , you build your vehicle , but if you attempt to move it , it falls apart . The pieces are durable but not what I was hoping for . I love their products but was extremely disappointed .
 I just do n't understand how this is supposed to be interesting or fun for a kid , when there are products like Lego and K'nex that they can pretty much build whatever they want . Bought and threw away .
 My 8 year old spent his own money to buy this toy and was so disappointed in the results . It does n't magnify sound at all . In fact , my kid 's joke is that you actually hear better out of the ear you * have n't * put the ear but into because at least its not getting covered .
 The `` infrared '' and audio spy ca n't be used at the same time as they are designed for the same ear . The earpiece is awkwardly formed and does not stay snug . The plastic cup used to receive sound very cheaply made , the cord is too short to reach well -LRB- safety protocol , but impedes function -RRB- . 5 year old boy with an excellent imagination for creative play used for about 3 minutes . Save your money .
 My son -LRB- 7 -RRB- thought he would like this product , but it turns out to be wimpy . The `` listen in '' micro is a joke , and both ear sets do n't really fit on a child 's ear . Save your money !
 As with all the spy gear I ordered from Amazon , this too is junk . The brand name was the same for all the pieces and none of the pieces work as advertised . Very disappointing for children absolute junk .
 Why oh WHY did they make them grow up ? Now they are creepy . :'-LRB- Bring back the babies !
 I ordered this chair for my 8-year-old son 's room . Figured he could use it to sit on , and we could use it for sleepover 's for any of my 3 kids . There is NO WAY an 8-year-old can sit on this . Furthermore , there is no way any kid over the age of 1 can sleep on it . It is miniscule . Read the dimensions carefully and be sure this is what you want before you order it .
 We bought these for my 8 year old son for Christmas . As a previous reviewer stated , they are stiff , and my son was not able to do much jumping in them . He could walk in them , but there was really no `` spring '' to them at all . Within a few months the tread on the bottom began to crack and break off . My husband tried `` shoe goo '' to re-attach the tread , but it did not hold well . Overall , not a gift I would buy again .
 Purchased this for my granddaughter who had a groovy girls doll and lost it . Nice doll as option to other popular `` fashion '' dolls ; Clothes can be changed easily ; too early to know about its durability . Clothing and accessories for this doll , I find , are not plentiful and are overpriced - hence I give it a rather low overall rating - I had anticipated being able to provide a nice wardrobe to go with this doll .
 I 'd like to say before I start this , that I 'm a major Digi-fan myself . I saw this at the Warehouse and tried it out , and I was gobsmacked ! First of all , the phrases are totally un-Hawkmon-characteristic . And the voice ! Bandai 's got ta get the right voice actors if they want to make talking toys . I definitely gave this too many stars.All in all , if you 're really a die-hard Digi-fan , PLEASE do n't get this product , you 'll be disappointed ...
 This is the second Commander 2 I bought . I really bought the second one for parts as we flew the first into a tree and broke the propeller on flight 3 . The main wing is very light but very , very brittle . I would recommend reinforcing the leading and trailing edge with aluminum duct tape before first flight . We did that on our second jet after we damaged it in a very soft wheel landing.You need a lot of room for this toy as it tends to turn very slowly and is greatly affected by winds aloft.There is no real way to check the way the plane is trimmed before the first flight . In our case everything looked good , yet the plane would only turn left with full right stick not holding it wings level . Even adjusted the trim , nothing . The crash was inevitable even though it was power off and quite slow , the elastics holding the wing nearly sheared the wing in half.The battery is jarred loose in every rough landing and breaks the cheap canopy battery cover off.I recommend you do not buy this .
 I purchased one of these about a year ago and I have never had a successful flight . Why ? It crashes with just a little bit wind . All the other planes at the field would fly perfectly and this one would just crash . I even had a professional RC pilot test it and he barely kept it in the air . He said it was the worst plane he has ever come across . This plane also has VERY poor durability . If you crash it once , which you will , you will be ordering replacement parts . DO NOT BUY !!
 My wife gave me this a while back , and I never had a successful flight . It 's hard enough learning to fly without ailerons . This model will set you back even further with a non-conventional rudder/elevator hybrid , and a rear-mounted propeller that may be better for crashes -LRB- questionable -RRB- , but simply is n't the way most planes are configured . Fixing the control strings when the tail got smashed was too much for me , and I sadly threw it away . Then I read about the RTF Champ , which sells for $ 90 , and is made by the same company . Fantastic plane to learn with . I 've crashed it dozens of times with no substantial damage . True , no ailerons , but I 've mastered the plane and am ready to move on .
 The Firebird Commander is a sturdy plane , but is hard to control . The V-tail acts as both rudder and elevator , but provides little control . I had to modify and extend the V-tail to provide more control surface . Out of the box , the turning radius was probably about 200 feet.The climb rate was less than desired and the plane should probably have a more powerful motor.This is a beginners airplane , but there are other models that might be more suitable for a beginner , not the Firebird Commander .
 The flight characteristics regarding this plane are the worst I have seen ! Out of the box it would not fly , it will roll left no matter what input you give it to counteract it . I have tried to trim it and to make sure all flight surfaces are level and even.The lack of separate elevator and rudder control makes this a poor choice for any pilot . I will stick to more of a true rudder and elevator input system ! The durability should be good , IF you can get it into the air .
 3rd time out the skins on the wings separated and flew into the propellar . Plane dove to the ground and ca n't be flown . Ca n't get any kind of response from the manufacturer on a replacement . Do n't buy this junk plane !
 this toy does not work at all i could n't even get mine off the ground before the propeller and the fuseledge door broke . it is not worth the plasting its made out of . dont buy this peice of garbage .
 This plain is not esasy to fly . I only has two channels , and the first time I tried to make it fly , one of the wings broke . When I finally was able to make it fly , it soon nose-dove because it is very difficult to control the elevation just by accelerating the plain . And so , the wing broke down again . I am going to toss the plain in the garbage because the remote control , with only two channels , wo n't work for anything else . If you really want a plain for beginners , buy the Champ RTF , easy to fly , with a 2.4 spectrum , 3 channels and it 's a lot of fun !!!
