 My almost four year old loves this game . It can be challenging but that 's what makes it worth playing I guess . Worth buying if your child likes Rescue Heroes or even just likes rescue equipment . -LRB- We 've never seen the show -RRB-
 I gave this game to my son as an early birthday present . He 's almost four and loves the Rescue Heroes . The reviews I read were mixed so I decided to buy it anyway . I 'm really glad I did . Sure it 's challenging , but it 's a good excuse for the parents to get involved . First I did the hard parts for him , to show him what needed to be done . Then I guided him through them and finally he ended up doing it all by himself . He was so proud when he accomplished the hard tasks that he could n't do at first!Unlike most computer games this one requires the use of the arrow keys instead of the mouse . Well , it 's always nice to learn new skills.I ca n't wait to give my son the two other RH games I baught for his birthday . I have no doubt he 'll love them too .
 I think this one is our favourite game for my younger daughter . She could play this when she was 2.5 years and loved it . It may be a bit simple for the older kids -LRB- 6 + -RRB- as they will do it fairly quickly as there are not many challenges or puzzles to solve.This is more of an art game than a challenge game - lots of decorating with the 6 different paintbrushes -LRB- each creates a different scene -RRB- and there are many decorate it yourself items like making flowers for the garden , making the masks and the decorating the thrones . There is no wrong way to do them -LRB- you ca n't get decorating wrong like you can with the puzzles -RRB- . The only negative would be the maze at the end , you have to move with the arrow keys and this I always have to help her with as it is a bit difficult . The graphics are great , sound great and my favourite is most of the game is done with the mouse so it is easy for kids -LRB- not like the Pegasus game which is terrible ! -RRB- . Older kids may prefer the Princess and the Pauper game if they want a game that lasts longer .
 It is great , my girl is just 5 and speak no english so I start playing with her , but she put me out and was not able to leave it until she won , because she di it just by herself on her very first time .
 This was a gift for my 6 yr old daughter . She is a big Barbie fan as well as loves to use the computer . She is still enjoying this game . She completed it in a few hours which worried me at first , but she loves to do it over and over again . The music is enjoyable and the colors are vibrant . It seems to be very user friendly also ... my daughter has not really needed my help to use it once she started it the first time .
 My four year old daughter loves everything Barbie and loves the Rapunzel movie . This game is tons of fun , even for a 42 year old . We love playing it together . We love decorating all the rooms and finding the gems . What even better is , she can play it alone and I get some me time !
 did you know this software has been arwarded for parents choice arward 2002 i try this software and it 's 1 # creativity for girls to imspire art in time .
 My four-year-old loved this CD . She played it over and over until she exhausted the CD about 10 times . She was able to play it by herself . It is cleverly designed with games that utilize a child 's creativity . I highly recommend it for young girls .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who is not quite 5 yet . She was hooked from the very first minute . She absolutely loves everything about this game . I was impressed with the beautiful colors and endless poosibilities for decorating the castle . The instructions spoken by Rapunzel are simple and easy to follow . I think this is an excellent program for pre-readers who love Barbie .
 My 4 year old daughter has been addicted to this game . She plays it over and over again . She loves the opening song and has been singing it non stop . She gets excited each time she completes a room and finds a gem and loves solving the maze to find Prince Stefan . The only problem is that she sings the song so much I ca n't get it out of my head !
 I bought this game for my neice she is almost 5 . She loves this game . She played it so much she wore out the first disc so I had to buy her another .
 My three and six year-old daughters absolutely love this game . The graphics are colorful and rich in detail , and there is so much to do ! Eight months since they got it , and it is still played with on almost a daily basis . Highly recommended .
 My three year old adores this game . The game only takes 2-3 hours to complete in one sitting , but my child has played it over and over , and still loves it . The box recommends this game for ages 5 and older , but my daughter can play this game by herself with ease , except for the maze -LRB- which is fairly easy , but she needs help working the arrow keys -RRB- . This game is mostly a `` paint '' type game , where you decorate different rooms in a castle in order to save Prince Stephan and the castle . You paint and place different decorations about the castle , as well as `` build '' a planter and a mosaic tile . The game and the decorations are quite cute , and easy for young Barbie fans to do independently . I feel it does have some educational value as well , in that my daughter seems to have improved her mouse skills from playing this game , has grasped concepts like clicking a `` done '' button when she has completed a task , and seems to have become better at listening to directions . My one and only complaint is that I wish there had been just a couple more rooms in the castle to decorate . Still , for a fairly short game , it has lots of replay value in it , and the length is just right for a young attention span . I would recommend this game to people with young children who are Barbie fans , especially if their kids are n't quite ready for the more advanced thinking that games geared for older kids have . Do n't get me wrong , I think older Barbie fans will like this game , too , if they want to play a game that mostly centered on decorating . I 've had problems finding games that my daughter can play independently at her age , plus she 's a huge Barbie fan , so this game was perfect for us .
 This is such a great game both my 3 year old son and 7 year old daughter love it . I like to play to if they would let me ! So much fun decorating the rooms and so many choices to keep you playing Great game . Not at all what you would think a Barbie game would be . Great fun for all !!
 Got the game for my daughter when she was four and she LOVES it . She finished it rather quickly and the games are not particularly difficult or educational , but she still occasionally likes to play it . It 's a beautiful game . I wrote this review because the game froze on us as well . I had to update our video card driver and it has worked perfectly since . Hope this helps .
 I purchased this for my daughter that had just turned 5 and with a little help from me in the maze area she was able to finish the game rather quickly -LRB- hence the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- but to my surprise she still wants to play it over and over again redecorating the castle differently each time room , by room . She has figured out the maze area on her own now as well , at first naviagating Barbie is a little difficult , but all in all as a rainy day game she loves it ! Sometimes I have to set the timer to get her off the computer . Not a lot in the way of learning , but that is what her `` Reader Rabbit '' CD-Rom 's are for anyway - this one is for fun ! Additionally I didnot have any technical problems setting up this CD for my daughter , and I have had with many others including her Reader Rabbit , and Disneys .
 The kids have played this a lot , and it does seem to stimulate their creativity . To start the child enters her name ... later , her name shows up during the game . It only takes them a couple of hours to go through the whole adventure . Of course , it is good enough they want to play it again . But to start over from the beginning , you must enter a new name . We started with their names , then went to full names , now on initials ... next I guess we 'll have to put in the dog 's name . The login page has all these name variations on it , and is becoming ridiculously long . Wrote to tech support , and got the following reply : The response to your question : ---------------------------------------- Solution Added On 12/31/2002 2:29 PMThis is true . The only way to go on is to create a new game with a new name . --------------------- Well , that was very helpful .
 I have always encouraged outdoor exercise instead of the computer , however I do n't mind my 5 year old daughter playing with this game . It teaches them creativity , puzzle solving , logic and listening comprehension . Barbie gives them hints if they come to an impasse and presents a certificate with their name on it when they navigate through a maze , which is a great tool for self-esteem , confidence and accomplishment.The graphics and sound are superb , and it will not intimidate first time users . I highly recommend this CD-Rom for ages 4 and up-it is worth the price paid . Lisa Horne
 We were glad to find a Barbie PC game that can run on a Mac . However , note that the requirements to run the game on a Mac are
 I bought this very rich program for my bright 4 year-old who has significant problems with patience and focus/attention . She likes the video very much . This video has been very helpful in rewarding her for working patiently and methodically . At the same time it is great for teaching shapes , use of color , and fine motor control .
 If you have n't already gotten this game for either your child or yourself , I personally recommend it VERY much . It is one of the best computer games for children I have ever seen . I recently got it for my daughter , and it is a very interesting game . There are lots of activities on the game , even printable items . It is a great learning game for any child because , while they think it 's a fun game , it also teaches children some basic computer and everyday skills . I love this and I 'm a mother , so I 'm sure that you will be satisfied with this . I was very surprised at how great it is . I suggest that if you are looking for a great computer game for a young one , this would be THE one to get . I really recommend this !!
 `` Santa '' brought this game to my 5 year old , and she absolutely loves it ! She asks to play it over & over again . She loves decorating all the rooms in the castle , saving the Prince , and picking out a ball gown for Rapunzel . She even likes the song at the beginning of the game , and has it memorized . I recommend this game for any 4-8 year old girl .
 My review is targeted toward those that wish this game for their toddler age kids . I purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . She is a huge fan of the Barbie animated movies and Rapunzel is one of her favorites . This game is so much fun for her ! It definately keeps her attention span for long periods of time ... which is saying something for a toddler ! The game is easy for her to use . This is a good thing because she is very stubborn and independant ... she does not like mommy and daddy helping her . Basically , the evil Gothel has cast a spell over the castle and turned the Prince into stone . To win , you must complete each level -LRB- which is just transforming it from dark and gloomy into bright and cheery -RRB- and then travel through a maze to rescue the Prince . To transform each room , the player gets to pick out paint colors , decorate different accessories in the room , etc. . There are plenty of different options for each room to keep the little ones happy ! I could defintely see how this would be entertaining for kids of different ages ... perfect for siblings with a few years in age difference . I have recently purchased the 12 Dancing Princesses game and it is not anywhere near being as good or entertaining as this one !
 I purchased this software for my 5 year old granddaughter and she loves playing it so much . She lets me play it sometimes , but she does n't always like what I come up with . I plan to purchase other software programs for her .
 My daughter absolutely loves this game ! It 's easy to use and requires no adult supervision . Best of all , it allows girls to use their creativity to design their own castle one room at a time . What more could a girl want ! My daughter wants to play it every day and I have to find excuses to keep her away ! Too bad not all the Barbie games are this easy and fun . I 've been very disappointed in others I purchased . I discovered that they 're not all designed/published by the same company . I paid 5.99 for this game on clearance and it 's been worth 10 times this amount !
 My 5 and 3 year old girls love this game and play it all the time they can complete the game without help . They get to use their imaginations and create items .
 My 6 and 7 year old daughters love this game ! They really enjoy decorating the rooms and doing so has really improved their mouse skills . Essentially , a lot of the game is kind of like `` coloring '' on the computer and they love to color . Hunting for the gems in each room is fun for them . There is also a maze at the end as well as a bunch of sappy songs that they seem to really enjoy . This is a great choice for girls 4-9 years old .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was just turning 4 . It is great because you do n't need to know how to read in order to play . My daughter loves decorating the castle , and has played it over and over again . For some reason it gets frozen when she tries to print pictures that she makes , but other than that it is well worth the money for any little girl into princesses .
 My daughters both love this game . Aged 3 and 4 , they 're already fairly adept computer users , but this game is really particularly well designed for their ages . They love the story line -LRB- somewhat different from the movie -RRB- and the challenge of having to find all the gems to save the prince . The activities in the game are ones that they play over and over - especially the painting , mosaic puzzle , and design-your-own flowers . They really get to use their creativity , and the tools they can use in the game are really beautiful . We have a lot of kids ' computer games , and this one is their hands-down favorite .
 I bought this for my 5 1/2 year old and she and her 4 year old sister play with it all the time . My younger daughter is also having trouble with the maze but she still loves everything else . This also has educational and problem solving games . Overall , if your little girl loves Barbie or princesses she will be fascinated by this game . I 'm pretty impressed with the quality of it , too . Definitely worth the money !!
 First off , I have to say that I am really surprised about the negative reviews and believe their technical problems are due to their hardware/operating system limitations.That said , I must say this is the most comprehensive , beautiful , creative , fun game my daughter has . She plays if for hours !
 My 3 year old daughter & I both love this software . We actually fight over who is going paint the pictures or choose the themes for each room . This game allows you to be creative & use your imagination by `` decorating '' each room of the castle and finding the missing gems to the prince 's crown which gives Rapunzel the power to find Prince Stephan who has been turned to stone & bring him back to life . The music & animation is the best I have seen . Most of the kids software that I 've seen is boring to me as an adult , but this is not at all . I sometimes like to play it without her ! There are so many variations on color schemes & patterns & that you can never be bored . I highly recommend this for girls of all ages .
 When my daughter wanted this I was against it . We have Barbie Swan Lake software and it does very little and I was not impressed . After seeing it many times on her `` wish list '' I warned her that it would most likely be boring . Boy was I wrong ! We have spent many rainy day hours decorating rooms and having such fun . You can do so much and make it so different each time . We decide on colors and themes of rooms and go to town . I gave her a big hug and kiss for being so persistant about getting this software . I highly recommend it !
 My girls , 5 and 6 , love this game . They have had it for about a year , and continue to play it at least once a week . Its not particulary educational , but not everything has to be . The maze at the end is difficult for my younger one , but my 6 year old will step in and help her with it . Overall , I highly recommend this software .
 I would definitely recommend buying this CD . My 5 year old loved it . It is visually breathtaking and will engage young ones for hours . The only drawback is that you only get to redecorate the castle . There is no variation to the tasks so that once you 've completed the castle , if you want to play again , you do exactly what you had done before but there is a great deal of variety and combinations for decorating the castle . It is like a very sophisticated coloring book .
 My 5-year-old daughter LOVED this game . It developed her creativity and held her attention long enough to finish it in one sitting . She still loves the theme song , which she memorized immediately . My two complaints
 I bought this software for my 5-year old daughter for Christmas . She and her twin sister , along with their 4-year old sister , LOVE this game !!! They love everything about it , from the theme song at the beginning , to finding Prince Stefan in the maze at the end . I will admit , it 's not super educational , but it does keep them entertained and it 's nice to have a `` fun '' game once in awhile that does n't require them to think too hard ! It 's also nice because they can leave the game midway , and return back to where they left off by clicking on their name . The names can also be deleted so that they can start a fresh game . They can restore the castle over and over again and have it be different every time . I think it was totally worth the money .
 Hi , I 'm ` BARBIE LOVER ' and I really like this game , even though I 'm a bit out of the age range . :-RRB- I like going around and decorating every room in the castle differently each time I play ! -LRB- like the whole castle decorated with peacocks or swans or butterflies , or one room has horses and another masqarade masks , exc . -RRB- The thing which really nags me is that every time you have 12 names on your list you have to erase one to play again.I usually just erase the whole list so I wo n't have to do this that often . I also like the intro to the game , and the muscic in each room before you restore it . I even reconized a bit of music from the movie ! If you love Fantasy , dragons , and rapunzel you should get the movie-and this very fun game ! -LRB- The movie is very nice , even though it is 4 years old ! -RRB- And another thing-Barbie 's mask is not a mask-it is just a feather in the air-have you seen it ? PS Please vote on my review ! ` BARBIE LOVER '
 Just bought this for my daughter she loved it so much she played the game twice in a row.She loved decorating the castle and saving the Prince.Don ' t hesitate to buy this Barbie game she 'll love it too
 This game got my daughter started on computers when she was 2 . She is 6 now and a computer wizard for her age . When she was 2 , I had to get the game up and running and give her a hand frome time to time , but she learned to work independently . The game has two modes
 Images are pretty , nice combination of colors , and is well done . My 4 year old daughter loves it at first and only took her a couple of hours to complete the adventure -LRB- she did need some adult help to get her started and more help to go through the maze -RRB- . After that , she does n't play with it as much ... and thus why I think it 's pricey ... Not quite a learning experience as the Jump Start series .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She LOVES this CD-ROM ! It has excellent graphics and is easy for her to navigate through . It has many different options in how you `` restore '' the castle and keeps her interest up . I would recommend this product . It even has a print option to print pages from the scrapbook of rooms you have restored .
 My 4year old really likes this game . She 's not addicted to it but loves the style of the program and it is one of her favourite games . I recommend this program for 4-7 year olds . Anybody older may find it limited .
 This is great . My 5 year old loves it . It is very graphic intense , so if you have a slow processer , forget it . But this game is worth every penny . We have a blast with it and it was beautifully created .
 My daughter loved this game , and it really kepted her at the computer for hours , but it was finished in one day at our house . It was a long day , but still one day . The positives about the game though is that they can go back and redecorate the castle different the next time they play , so my dayghter actually played it again a few days later so she could see what the castle would look like if she decorated it differently .
 BARBIE AS RAPUNZEL
 My 4 year old daughter LOVES this game . She sings the `` Strike Up The Band and Clap Your Hands for Kelly 's Pet Parade ! '' song around the house . She can dress the Kelly kids , `` train '' each pet -LRB- teach the pony to jump , etc. -RRB- , clean and get the animals ready for the parade -LRB- paint the elephant 's toe nails , etc. -RRB- , and decorate the floats ... all by herself . She 'll get everything ready -LRB- showing me everything she has accomplished along the way -RRB- and then we 'll watch her special parade . A wonderfully cute game that I highly recommend.She can mostly do the entire game on her own . I have it installed on a laptop so she is actually using the inset mouse and can still do the game . The only one she has a tough time with is the Polar Bear catching fish game . It 's tricky to move your finger on the mouse pad and click at the same time to catch the fish . It would be much easier using a regular mouse .
 My four year old loves this game ! It is just plan old fun for a little girl . It was worth the money .
 For the price of 7.99 , this PC game is WELL worth it , great graphics , colorful and lots to do ! My four year old daughter is in love with the many tasks to complete in this game , including dressing and grooming wide variety of pets and decoration of numerous floats to show in your little one 's very own parade .
 My 6-year old and 5-year old both really enjoy this game . Has lots to do with several different animals to prepare for the parade . You get to design a float and it just endless fun ! Graphics and animation are very colorful and cute . It 's a winner !
 I recently purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . She LOVES this game ! The games are great . They get more challenging as you improve . Also dressing up Kelly and her friends is great fun . My daughter especially loves grooming the animals and getting them ready for the parade . You can decorate the floats , and you have many decorations to choose from . Although not that educational , it does help them improve on their hand/eye coordination . Very fun for a little girl ! Definately a must have !
 Apparently this is about the best $ ... I have spent lately -LRB- aside from the Gameboy game I sent my nephew -RRB- . My niece is mesmorized by this game , and it is keeping my sister busy building parades . My niece is a little too young to run this program by herself , but she has definitely figured out what button needs to be pushed to make the parade start ! My sister also told me that she likes the fact that you can save multiple parades for those days when she just does n't have time to help create a new one . This seems to be a winner !
 I recently got this game for my 2 girls , ages 5 and 3 , and it is one of their absolute favorites ! They love the `` Strike up the band '' song at the beginning and have it memorized . They love choosing outfits , grooming the animals , and decorating the floats . They ask to play this game all the time ! I highly recommend this game for any girl !
 I got this for my 3 1/2 yr old for Christmas , and both her and her 7 yr old sister LOVE it ! They have played it for hours . The graphics are very good and it has lots of cute and entertaining games ! I highly recommend this one ! It 's worth the money !
 After doing alot of researching and reading reviews I purchased Kelly 's Pet Parade and it is fabulous.My four year old daughter has has no problems playing it without any supervision . Ability to use the mouse is important.She can keep the different activities as simple or as elaborate as she wants to.When you want to do a new parade you have to use a different name -LRB- susie2 etc. -RRB- or erase the saved parade.The whole thing is just darling and fun to play . My daughter has to do 30 minutes of a math or alphabet game before she can play Kelly 's Pet Parade . So , she likes it so much that using it as a reward has worked .
 I think this is a great product.I just got it yesterday , it 's so much fun.If you like to play with pets , you should buy this game .
 I purchased this game for my granddaughter who has been playing it with love for a few years . . she is now 7 and still loves to wash the dog ... have a parade and more . Fun little girl computer game .
 Lately , my 4 year old daughter has been obsessed with computer games . I 'm buying more games on CDs to decrease her exposure to the internet . She loves animals so I figured this would at least be mildly interesting . That turned out to be an understatement . She fell in love with it instantly.There are four characters in the game and each has an animal friend . To play the game , you have to prepare each character and their animal for a pet parade by teaching the animal a trick , picking out clothes for the character , and designing a float for each pair . After each pair and their float is ready for the parade , you have to organize the parade and add special effects . Then , you start the parade and the program plays out the parade that you designed . The parade is actually pretty brief , but it can be played over and over as many times as you like.The game can be quickly mastered by most children but has enough variety to encourage them to go back to repeat the tasks many times . There are a variety of clothing choices and float options . Even though it seems repetitious to me , my daughter does n't seem to mind it - and she 's very advanced with computer use . I 've also noticed that when she goes back over and over to play the games where she teaches the animals their tricks for a specific parade , the game increases in difficulty so it 's not monotonous . There are also several options for printables , including a cute friendship bracelet with your child 's name on it.This game certainly would not qualify as educational , although it does build good computer skills and hand/eye coordination . Overall , I would say it 's just good , clean fun.I gave this four stars because sometimes the program seems a little slow and there is a delay between screen changes . Also , you ca n't play the game without the CD in the disk drive , even after fully loading the game on the computer . This is a negative to me because for most kids , you would have to assist them with starting the game . However , my 4 year old has pretty much mastered inserting the CD , closing the drive drawer , and clicking on the program icon . I 'm just not totally comfortable with her doing it when I 'm not there . The last thing I need is to have a broken CD jammed in my computer ...
 My daughter received this as a Christmas present and loves it . She loves seeing all the animals and characters and is able to move around the game by herself . Best part for her is the actual parade . A good game for girls .
 We purchased this game a year ago and my girls still love to play it . Lot 's of activities , they love to decorate the floats and watch the parade .
 If you 've played this game in the arcade and liked it , then you 'll definitely like this version to play at home whenever you like . You do n't need a supercomputer to run it and the graphics and controls are amazing and faithful to the incredibly fun and fast arcade experience . This version also has plenty of unlockables , which you get by playing and earning miles , as well as mini-games that are a fun diversion from the classic arcade game . It has the European-themed levels of Outrun2 and the America-themed levels of Outrun2 SP , for a total of 30 stages to race through in the classic Outrun-branching style , or sequentially , or with challenges such as beating rival racers . This game is affordable , fun , and has plenty of replay value . You may not want to play it for hours and hours , but you 'll keep coming back to it if you like to get a speedy arcade fix every now and then .
 I remember playing Outrun in the arcades when it came out in the , I think it was , eighties . It had flashy graphics , flashy steering wheel , pedals , and corny , but catchy , music . It was the kind of game I 'd play on the way out of the arcade when all but the last dribbles of coinage had been spent on the more ` serious ' -LRB- read challenging -RRB- games . Actually , when I think about it , Outrun was always placed by the entrance , perhaps for this reason . Main meal of games inside , followed by quick dessert on the way out . And Outrun is quick . And fun . And flashy . Colourful , pretty , and simple . Not much depth here , but some very cool twists on your standard arcade racer . Lots of different Ferraris , lots of different scenery and , wow , does it look good ! Pure , unadulterated eye candy . Two problems , however . It wont run on full accelerated sound on my sound card -LRB- budget Creative -RRB- , so I have to switch the acceleration back to minimum through my control panel or the game will just keep crashing when it comes time to race . Secondly , the configuration for gamepad bites . It wo n't allow me to allocate the buttons I want for acceleration and braking , so I end up using the right analogue joystick for both -LRB- left to accelerate , right to brake -RRB- . Sounds dicky , and I suppose it is , but it 's actually pretty easy to get used to . As far as I 'm aware there are no patches for said problems . Despite these issues Outrun 2006 C2C is a blast , fun from go to wo . It 's sugary sweet and just the thing for a low gaming BSL .
 2006 Coast to Coast for PC is great ! The graphics are awesome ... The game is what I had hoped for and a lot more !!
 I really enjoyed playing this game when I went to the arcade . They preserved the arcade feel and kept it very simple . It is a fast paced game that is fun for everyone .
 This games makes even amazing games like starcraft and warcraft redundant . Warhammer has it all and does it better than anyone else . Truly great game , total fun , great combat , graphics , races , units , a pleasure to play .
 If you like Dawn of War you have to get this add-on , especially considering the price of this one . Get it ... for additional hours of fun and gameplay .
 This was a Christmas gift . The Sparkling ice show is wonderful !!! My daughter plays with it all the time ! There are different levels of the game . Once you master them , you can create beautiful skating shows and save them . Works the childs coordination and motor skills . Beautiful costumes -LRB- 25 -RRB- ,15 choices of music and 3 pretty skaters all for your child to pick and chose for themselves . It 's a wonderful product !!! Highly recommend !!! Gail M. Milwaukee , WI ... Peace !!!
 My little sister and I got this for Christmas . I was n't so sure about it at first , 'cause Barbie 's for lil ' kids , but once I started playing I could n't stop . The way it works is that you first choose a routine , girl to perform , and your skating style . -LRB- Easy , medium , or expert -RRB- After you have practiced , you choose her outfit , music , ice color , decorations , etc. . Then you get to skate your show . There are five stops on the tour , finishing with a secret , mysterious , magical ice rink . You 'll find out what it is when you get there ! After you finish the tour , you get to put on exhibition shows , where you can choose from all the costumes , routines , music , locations - everything from the previous tours . Let me tell you , I am a competitive gymnast , not a figure skater , and this game still is one of my favorite computer games . It will appeal to everyone .
 It was great , . I it for my 7 year old sisters birthday . We played it all day laughing and gigleing . It was a ton of fun so go buy it .
 this is a rockin game its fun and you can even skate in the sky . i love choosing from like 30 outfits . i ordered from online -LRB- well my mom did it for me -RRB- and it took 3 weeks to get here and when it came i was sad because people said its a bad game but it wsant dont listen t anyone its soooooooo much fun !!!!!
 This was a Christmas gift . The Sparkling ice show is wonderful !!! My daughter plays with it all the time ! There are different levels of the game . Once you master them , you can create beautiful skating shows and save them . Works the childs coordination and motor skills . Beautiful costumes , music and 3 pretty skaters all for your child to pick and chose for themselves . It 's a wonderful product !!! Highly recommend !! Gail M. Milwaukee , WI ... Peace !!!
 Barbie sparkling ice show is really cool . First , You 're on a ` sparkling ice tour ' you get 3 skaters : Barbie , Teresa , and Christie . And then you choose a routine and a skater.Second , you do a '' practice routine '' -LRB- as far as I can remember -RRB- in which you -LRB- what else ? -RRB- practice your routine.There 's a little meter next to Barbie -LRB- whichever skater you choose -RRB- , you have to match the color on the meter to the color of the path , vice versa.And then , you do your show with clothes , music , etc.Then you do your show and when you 're done move on to other places . -LRB- my favorite is in the sky -RRB- . You keep doin ' this until you reach the end and then you can do an exebition show -LRB- if that 's how to spell it -RRB- . And either you keep doin ' exebition shows or else sign-in with a different name.The two complants I have is that the game should have more skaters and places.Also , I can only do the tour once unless I sign-in with a different name . I have this game on my computer and it works wonderfully , no bugs . For me , the graphics are beutiful and it feels like I 'm there with Barbie ! Oh , and I wish , at the end of the show , they -LRB- it -RRB- could throw the roses at Barbie in a more realistic motion. :-RRB- I mean , in my view , it looks like they are opening two invisible crates of roses next to Barbie and the roses all '' gush '' out at Barbie 's feet ! :D Over all , Great and Highly Recommended ! I play it for hours on end ! -LRB-
 it is so cool because you can pick barbies favorite music andpick her cute cloths you can even pick her backround i thinkit , s the best.barbie can be a super star and be a winer !!!!!!!!!
 `` Barbie Sparkling Ice Show '' is a fabolous game and can really inspire creativity and imagination , and that 's coming from someone whose 13 years old ! This game allows you to pick routines , music , costumes , and fun stuff like decorations and ice color and put it all together to make fabolous routines for Barbie , Christie , and Teresa on the five stops of the Sparkling Ice Tour . But once you finish the tour , the fun does n't end there - you can continue on skaiting cool exhibition shows using all of the details of previous shows.To work the game , you start off by preparing for the first stop of the tour and practice a routine that you pick out of a few selections with the skater you have chosen . You can pick from three levels
 All the other reviews say this product is boring and `` save your money '' ... Well my daughter & I LOVE IT!You get to pick one of three pretty girl skaters , You pick her one of , AT LEAST 15 costumes . Somebody said the skater `` never falls '' ?? Thats boloney . She falls plenty until you develope the hand eye coordination this FUN , FUN game takes . It 's a GREAT cd.rom for any age . Have some fun for pete 's sake ! This world is SO NEGATIVE ! I Highly Recommend Barbie Sparkling Ice Show !!!
 I bought this game for my daughter who is almost seven . She enjoys it very much . It works perfectly with Windows XP . I like the fact that it has skill levels , which helps avoid the `` frustration factor '' , which I 'm sure most of you reading this have experienced . The only reason that I did not give it a `` 5 '' is because it is quick to complete , especially on the `` easy '' and `` medium '' levels . Unless your child is totally into figure skating or Barbie , I feel this game is not for the 8 + crowd .
 My daughter , almost 7 , loves this game . She got it a few weeks ago and still plays with it every day . We did have to upgrade our system , but the game has n't crashed since and has n't been slow . Despite what others have said this game has lots of levels and takes lots of practice to master the freestyle levels . -LRB- The skaters will do lots of different tricks once the user learns how to do them . -RRB- This game has even seemed to help my daughter 's actual skating - she just went yesterday for the first time since receiving the game and had lots more confidence and moved more smoothly than she did the other times she went .
 My little sister and I got this for Christmas . I was n't so sure about it at first , 'cause Barbie 's for lil ' kids , but once I started playing I could n't stop . The way it works is that you first choose a routine , girl to perform , and your skating style . -LRB- Easy , medium , or expert -RRB- After you have practiced , you choose her outfit , music , ice color , decorations , etc. . Then you get to skate your show . There are five stops on the tour , finishing with a secret , mysterious , magical ice rink . You 'll find out what it is when you get there ! After you finish the tour , you get to put on exhibition shows , where you can choose from all the costumes , routines , music , locations - everything from the previous tours . Let me tell you , I am a competitive gymnast , not a figure skater , and this game still is one of my favorite computer games . It will appeal to everyone .
 This game is so much more fun that I was expecting . You get to choose 1 or 2 What 's Her Face characters and then dress them up in the Dressing Room . There are tons of clothes , hairstyles and different facial expresssions . Then you choose a background for your tv show . You can decorate the background with lots of different decorations . There are even whatever pets that jump around and do funny tricks . You can pick out different music and my favorite part besides dress up is that you can record your voice ! You can even make the girls do realistic dance moves and wave . Then you can go to the screening room and watch your entire tv show play . My sister and I love to sit around and make funny shows for eachother and see who can put the best outfits together .
 wow what a cool game!it is fun and hip . get thisgame !!
 I manage a child care facility , and this is one of the girls ' favorite games . I had one previously , and replaced it because it was so popular ! Would recommend it for age 5 and up .
 This computer game is so awsome ! Any girl who loves Hip , Cool , Sweet , and Glam would love this game . I own it and it is so fun . You get to create movies , change clothes , faces , and hair ! Also you can record you voice and coose music , and moves for your WHF friends ! This game has it all !!!!!!!!!!!! 5 stars ! *****
 wow what a cool game!it is fun and hip . get thisgame !!
 This game was great because it was so different!Thie game was n't fun b/c of it 's gameplay , it was fun b/c you played to find out what would happen next ... it was the most ` mysterious ' game I played at that time.It kind of had that Zelda feel to it.In Zelda , you could ` really ' be on level 1 but you could go to level 2 if you want to snag the special weapon out of it ... stuff like that.You could do that with this game but from a different perspective.In Rygar , you had no idea what was level 1 or 2 , you kind of fell into everything . . pretty cool.The weapons were really cool and you needed some to get to certain places in the game.Total classic ... I 'm almost considering buying an XBOX to get the Tecmo Classics Collection -LRB- it has TECMO BOWL also !!! -RRB- .
 Sadly the PS2 version of `` Rygar '' is nothing but a DMC clone . The original RYGAR NES was far better than the arcade game . It had depth , challenge and paved the way for action adventure/hack and slash / RPG hybrids on consoles.The difficulty was insane thanks to no save points . But aside from that old school flaw , the game is flat out fun and engaging . My fondest NES memories are from staying up all night as a kid beating this game
 I bought it for my husband who played the game as a child . He had never been able to beat the game then ; and had been wanting to beat it for the past 20 some years . He has since beaten the game and loves playing it over and over .
 Circa 1987 ... They had just abolished my job of nearly 4 years and there I was collecting unemployment and living in a single room apartment . But I had Rygar . Oh , what a fantastic game this is and what fun to play . This game did n't offer the ability to save progress , so being unemployed was an added benefit at the time . Not wanting to lose any progress , I remember leaving the game turned on when I would run across the street to purchase some snacks at the 7/11 . I think that one of the things that makes this game such a wonderful experience is the music . This was the first video game that ever caused me to fall in love with the theme music . The music in this game is OUTSTANDING!The controls are simple and easy to learn . The adventure itself is somewhat involved , leaving you with a real sense of satisfaction when complete . The venues change throughout the game keeping it interesting . What a fantastic game this is ! I thank God for wonderful games such as Rygar ! Thanks God ! -LRB- Spoken while pointing both index fingers toward the Heavens ! -RRB-
 This game will really take you back if you grew up playing Nintendo . Arrived in perfect condition . Could n't step away from it until I beat the game . Just like old times !
 This games rocks ! I received it as a gift and thought that it was going to be stupid . But I decided to pop it into the NES and just play it to get the feel for the gameplay and if it indeed was a dumb game . Boy was I wrong ; this game kept me occupied for hours on end . Great game to the last level . Fun gameplay . Unique idea and style of play , and one of the most unknown games on the market . I would buy it if they made it available for Gamecube .
 Game was in excellent condition . It is not as much fun as the true tomb raider series as it has no secret passages nor many surprises .
 Do n't get me wrong . I enjoyed this game . But I would n't want to own it . I rented it from Hollywood Video , which gives 5days on all rentals , and had it done before it had to go back . I actually liked the change in control , though it was occasionally a pain to get Lara to climb crates or walls . The story was good enough to keep me interested ; though there was n't the same sense of raiding tombs , there was the same meticulous planning to get through a level in one piece.But I finished it in less than five days , and have no desire to ever play it again . Unless you happen to be a hard-core Lara collector , it 's not really worth owning .
 This is a winner ! The Angel of Darkness has a great plot and story . Plus the new combat moves are really cool . It is a challenging game , but well worth playing . The graphics in this game are egualy impressive , the camera angle can be a little frusterating at times but overall it has the best graphics of the series . Lara has a great new look and with the inhanced graphics , her sexy body is really a big element like in the movies . This is the game to buy if you want a challenge , and top scale fun . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Out of all the pictures , I think PC will turn out easy and more workable , I have PS1 and I did n't like playing tomb raider on it . There are too many controls . On PC you can pick how many controls you want for Angel of darkness . When people complain about this game , the reason is PS2 , almost every game you play on has an problem . If you are planning to get this game get it on PC , you will injoy it and wont have a problem . And I cant wait untill mine comes !!
 THIS GAME ROCKS !! First of all this game has been delayed like a MILLION times so lots of people are waiting for it to come out . The things that make this game ROCK are She gets new outfits she still has a wetsuit but it looks different . There is a another person you can play his name is Kurtis Trent and he wants REVENGE on the dude who KILLED his father . It is on the PS2 . There are better graphics . It has a better storyline . She has HAND TO HAND COMBAT in it AND SHE LOOKS SO COOL AND SEXY !!! BUT DO NOT BUT IT AT AMAZON.COM IT COMES OUT JUNE 18 AT THE FRISCO MALL BUY IT THERE!BECAUSE IT COMES OUT JUNE 20 AT AMAZON.COM THIS GAME ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!
 It has been years since I have played any Tomb Raider games and I was anticipating to play this one when it would come through the mail.If you think about it ... how many times have we played in a jungle , in the snow , in EGYPT!Now Lara was in a DIFFERENT environment and a different situation . Usually she is the one hunting something and sometimes competing with someone else . Now everyone is competing on hunting her down!I like different . I seriously think a lot of Tomb Raiders want repeats of the first game which would be pointless and would end , in my opinion , the Tomb Raider franchise.The reason why I did n't love this game was because the controls were weird and you had to get use to them . But do n't worry , Lara is teaching you how to get a handle on them in the beginning!And some levels were just ridiculously hard.But over all it was a good game and a breath of fresh air from the dusty tombs of Egypt that we keep finding ourselves in .
 Great graphics but a bit lacking on the traditional puzzle solving that I have come to love in this series .
 i enjoyed the game very mutch , i have followed all the layra croft games for years on the play station , playstation one and game cube gameing systems , i am an avid fan of all laura croft tomb raider games .
 I HAVE NOT PLAYED THIS ONE YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL BE JUST AS MUCH FUN AS ALL THE OTHERS FORE I HAVE NOT BEEN LET DOWN YET BY TOMB READER
 but that does n't mean it 's not good . I mean , the game , like a lot of things in life , must evolutionized some times or other . And Tomb Raider is doing exactly that . So it is different . Lara also no longer runs , but walks for the most part . So what ? I think it 's a nice change . Sure it will take some time to get used to the changes , but it is n't bad . And for all the people who are complaining about how slow the game is , you know what ? You need to get newer computers . Just because your computer fulfills the minimum requirement needs doens ' t mean it will be good . I have a fairly new computer and it runs perfectly .
 I thought this game is so great ! Some people might complain on how slow it is , but you need to choose a resolution and hz that fits your videocard . Also if you have a 98 or less , it wo n't work as well . It is a great game . Good storyline as well . Her moves and the way she dies is a lot more realistic and just in general , more realistic . Eidos could have done a better job on the other people involved ... but the graphics are still really good ! The only things I could do without is the loading between the Parisian Ghetto , St Aicards Church and so on and so fourth . And the levels are quite easy . I only got mine a week ago and I am well on my way to being done . I still like it . I would recommend this to others if they did n't like Lara being in the Tombs even though her -LRB- other -RRB- name is Tomb Raider . I really like it and I think you might too .
 I did n't buy the first four Tomb Raider games , so I thought I would try this one , and I was very pleased . I loved it even though this 's just my first day playing the game.The graphics are cool , even though my computer was n't fast enough to have a smoother gameplay . The speech and music were quite good ; there was just this glitch that people were talking too fast like you 'd hear when you fastforwarded a video or something , but I suppose it was another requirement my computer could n't acheive.The controls are quite complicated at first , but when you are familar with it it 's okay .
 i tried playing this game on a pc slightly above minimum requirements and i would have been generous if i have given it even 2 stars . . all the previous complaints and bad reviews are justified HOWEVER on a powerful p4 based machine with plenty of ram -LRB- keep it 512 or up -RRB- a hot graphics card -LRB- ati radeon 9800pro -RRB- made the game come to life-great graphics and i didnt have to much of a problem guideing lara around and i 'm really only a novice player-i did miss that slide sideways action lara had in the older games and didnt really like the default controller assignment -LRB- i reconfigured it -RRB- i had a good time playing it overall though-just remember DO NOT BUY THIS GAME TO USE ON AN OLDER , SLOWER PC !!!
 I do n't know why everyone hates this game so much . I 've been playing Tomb Raider on Playstation since it came out . I decided to get this for the PC because I 'm on the computer more than Playstation . Anyway , the graphics are AMAZING . There was one or two glitches in the game with the graphics for me , but nothing too distracting and it did n't take away from gameplay . I always thought the previous games were lacking in the graphics department so I was pleased . Secondly , the controls are different in some ways , but you can fully customize them . This came in handy ! Lara moves more realisticly , and I know some people are hating how slow she is . But it is n't THAT slow , you get used to it quickly . Also , the strength power ups are fun to achieve , and adds a new demension to the game . The story line is also interesting , and I like how you can choose what to say . In this game you can also play a different male character , which I did n't enjoy as much , simply because I like being a kick butt girl.Well , I gave this game FIVE stars for being a fun , not TOO challenging game . Just so you know , I run this on a 2.4 gig Athlon , 512 meg memory with Windows XP , and I have a 64 meg radeon graphics card - it runs perfectly . NO crashes , no freeze-ups .
 After reading all the bad press this game has been getting , I felt compelled to write a review myself . In all honesty , I must say this game is getting slammed unfairly.I 've been a fan of the TR games since the original , but I freely admit that some of them had their fair share of irritations , and by the time Chronicles came out , things were starting to seem a little uninspired . I say this so you know I 'm not the sort of person to gush over anything that has the Tomb Raider logo emblazoned across the box.Now , on to Angel of Darkness ... Core Design knew the series needed an overhaul , but they also knew they could n't change things too drastically without upsetting long-time fans . So what we have here is a classic Tomb Raider experience with an all-new -LRB- and quite attractive -RRB- graphics engine , a bit more depth -LRB- dialogue-trees , deeper plot -RRB- , and some simplified controls to make it easier to navigate the TR world.Yes , that 's right , I said the controls are EASIER this time around . I can not fathom why so many people are complaining about the control scheme . In essence , it 's identical to one found in every other TR game , but it does n't require your fingers to be quite as nimble . For example , when climbing a ladder or a wall , you no longer have to hold down two keys at once . Same with walking . Want to climb over that box in front of you ? No need to press some weird key combination , simply walk up to it and keep on walking , and Lara automatically hitches herself on to it.A lot of people complained about the vast number of bugs and the drops in frame-rate . Maybe I just got very lucky , but so far I 've experienced only minimal bugs -LRB- nothing that interfered with gameplay -RRB- , and I did not experience any drops in frame-rate at all ... everything runs very smoothly , and Lara is quick to respond to keystrokes . I 'm running this on a Pentium 4 , 1.8 ghz , 256 megs ram , 64 meg GEForce2 graphics card , so it 's hardly a cutting edge system by today 's standards , yet I ca n't complain about the performance at all.AOD offers some great environments to explore . The beginning of the game is somewhat mundane , as you run through the back streets of Paris , but it 's a good way to get a feel for things before you 're in any significant danger . Then you 're off to raid the Louvre , which is brilliantly atmospheric , and before long , you find yourself in some classic tombs . The gameplay in the tombs is among the best the series has seen , reminding me very much of the thrills I got back in 1996 when I first worked my way through St. Francis Folly in the original game . From here , the adventure heads off to other exciting locales , which I wo n't spoil for you , but suffice to say , there 's plenty to see and do.I recommend this game whole-heartedly to Tomb Raider fans . My only warning is that I know a lot of people have experienced significant bugs , and I suppose it 's somewhat of a gamble when you buy the game because you may be lucky -LRB- as I was -RRB- , or you may have problems . If you 're one of the lucky ones , you 'll have a great time playing one of the best TR games in the series . If you 're unlucky , well , hopefully you can trade it somewhere .
 first off , i loved the other tomb raider games ... and this one is as good as the rest . i know that the controls are really hard to figure out , the music sucks , you have to play this guy that ca n't even swim , and you really do n't get to use that many weapons . but the graphics are great , the story is kinda good , and you do get to go to really cool places . now if you liked the other tomb raiders , i think you might like this one , but there has been alot of people that say it sucks ! well all i have to say is , they do n't really know what there talking about , and they did n't play the whole thing.now if you do n't want to spend alot of money on a game that your not sure that you 'll like , then do n't . but if you liked the other tomb raider 's , i 'm sure you will like this one . you just have to be pacient.ps . it works on vista and 7 ^ . ^
 The story is very interesting and the action and enemies are awesome , but the game just has to many technical issues . I think they rushed to get it on the shelves ASAP . Tech problems are my only quirk with the game .
 I purchased & played the PC version of Tomb Raider . This version has 2 CDs and both are required to install . The program will recognize your USB controller and will display it on the options screen . You can configure each button to your choice . I recommend that you use a Ten button controller . The directional control is a bit sensitive so be careful not to send Lara over the rail or short fence and have her fall to her demise . The graphics are a big imporovement from the previous versions and the animation is very smooth . The game play is much like the same as the previous five but there are a few new moves to become familiar with . I highly recommend purchasing the PC version it seems that EIDOS has made some improvements to the controls for the PC . Thank you EIDOS !
 This game loox great the graphix are a 5 star experiance . I want it SO bad it loox great i have a PS2 and i want to get it on PC and PS2 if i ever get that game i would NEVER sell it i want that game i would GIVE EN THING 4 it ! i hope i get it for christmas . My friend -LRB- ADULT -RRB- is a PC gamer she works in the PS2 lab and gave me a sneak peak she showed me screenshots and everything i loved it . Although i never got to play the game oh well . THIS GAME LOOX GREAT !
 Okay , we gave it 4 stars , but we would actually give it 5 stars ! If it was n't because we ARE a little afraid of getting disappointed . But this game really looks like it 's going to be a blast ! The story sounds interesting , the screenshots and concept arts are amazing , and so on ... we 're two kids from Denmark , and we 've played The Last Revelation and Chronicles . Great games , and it would n't be a surprise if this is going to be an even better game ! What a relief that Lara 's still alive - and with 5000 new polygons !! And the new outfit matches the one in the movie ... P.S. Check out tombraiderchronicles.com , they 've got everything on the game !
 I think this is the best Tomb Raider game ever ! It is 100 % redesigned new game . The screenshots are amazing . Same about the trailer . Redesigned 3D Lara Model is more sexy then ever . I am gon na purchase this game as soon as it gets to Bulgaria . The only minus is the new character -LRB- the boy -RRB- , he is going to `` make '' a new game . I hope to find any logic in this version of Tomb Raider then in others . Also I hope to get more true 3D Graphics and Animations , a truelike story and an interesting levels .
 Well , I 'm writing this becuz of my husband and daughter -LRB- who is 10 -RRB- . Daughter , that is-husband , sometimes I wonder ! They have been waiting for the `` Angel '' since xmas ! They have played ALL the Tomb Raiders and just love them ! So I am hoping they will not be disappointed . Which I 'm sure they wo n't be . They have a blast ! Lonely Mama & Wife ; -LRB- when Lara 's around -RRB- Renton , Wash
 Ah , after such a long wait , Lara 's newest adventure in Lara Croft Tomb Raider
 It seems clear that being involved in the movie business has gotten Lara 's creators access to much better writers and actors than they ever had before . AOD has some of the most believable dialogue I 've ever heard in a TR game -LRB- remember TR 1 's bad guy yelling , `` I 'll heal and hide you to a barn door yet ! '' ? -RRB- . The story is likewise well-crafted , exciting and logical . Marvelous movie-quality acting , music , and graphics . Thanks , guys.On the other hand , the controls have gotten really buggy and jumpy . Sure , Lara can now sneak and look around corners -- but she has great difficulty just standing still . Try to turn around fast and you 're likely to find yourself frozen to the spot . The endless pistols are gone ; instead we have six different variations on basically the same gun . And all the controls are mapped to different keys than before . They 're not really making her more versatile , just more ... confusing .
 Review by my daughter , age 10 : When I first got this game I was disapointed . Both with the grafics and the game play . But I got a new grafics card and it looked amazing ! I had no idea that a small update would make it look so good ! And the controls are confusing at first , but within an hour they 're almost second nature . The story is very involving , and the characters are cool . The enimy in this TR is a perfect villian ! The levels are well detailed , and I only got stuck twice in the game through the whole time I played it . But I was able to get past those hard spots in the levels.The music is awesome in this game , it even has a sound track!This , the first tomb Raider -LRB- Classic -RRB- and the fourth tomb raider are the best . But TR6 is probibly THE best tomb raider ever ! It 's very fun ! The grafics reminded me of Enter The Matrix , but the cutsceens in tomb raider are much better . And some levels reminded me a bit of Resident Evil . I think that any fan and non-Tomb raider fan , should get this game !!! It 's awesome !!!! : DThere are ups and downs to this game . You decide : Glitchs/bugs that you 'll find
 Tomb Raider
 So , here is the deal . I have played and beat every Tomb Raider game out there except for the Game Boy Advance one . Anywho , I ordered this game in September of last year , and delay after delay made me mad . So I cancelled my order and waited until the game was OFFICALLY released for PC -LRB- since i dont have a PS2 -RRB- . There are quite a few new things that I like about the game : > Lara looks awsome . New clothes and makeup , with a whole new personality that you actually get to control when she talkes with people . > The new moves are pretty sweet too . Stealth sucked for me at first b/c i just like to get out my guns and take em out . In the beginning , you dont even have ammo for your weapon -LRB- no unlimited signature pistols -RRB- . But you get to use stealth a lot so you 'll get good with it . > I also like that you get a nice peaceful break where you can collect yourself and gain some money and valuable information , after your initial run from the police in Paris.There are however some drawbacks which i 'll disucss now . > There has always been more glitches with the computer version of a game like this . Lara steps up stairs now and is super sensitive to the steps . Example
 Not as explosive as the earlier titles but this game keeps you wanting more . The graphics are above avg . and the camera mostly does what it should . The sound draws you into the game like before , hearing things coming and looking away from the tv as if they were in your house . There are a few glitches when you read some of the many clues , under the Louvre I had something that repeated for what seemed like forever . I just made it to Prague and ca n't wait to get off work to play again . Fans will still have the puzzles and mazes that take hours to clear a room . This is n't a shooter though , Lara fights but not often , at least not early in the game . Alot of hidden places that you do n't have to go to to complete the game , not little rooms with a medi-pac but large rooms with ajoining rooms . Just buy it , if you have a month or so to invest into being in front of your tv on the edge of your seat .
 This game requires one thing before all other things . Patience . We all seem to be pre-programmed to believe that a tomb raider game will obviously -LSB- stink -RSB- . This game only -LSB- stinks -RSB- if you are not willing to put in a little time to get used to the somewhat-touchy controls . Once you do , you will find an engaging story with clean graphics and very few glitches . I have yet to find a game-stopping glitch anywhere * i 've been on this about 8 hours . * The player must learn that the controls are to be handled gently . Whether with a keyboard , mouse , or pad . Slight movements are the best way to go . Once you get the hang of that you 'll begin to realize that it is a VERY good thing that the CORE team changed most of the concept of Tomb Raider . At last , this one feels fresh and competeitive with some of the highly acclaimed tactical games currently on the market . Lara , please do n't take these people 's criticisms to heart . They all still love you . I know I do .
 The graphics on this game are really really good.A big downer is the controls , it used to be really easy but now you ` ve got no choice but to use the anolog buttons and i hate them!The locations are very detailed and the interaction of friends and enemies is very impressive.But , i ` m not sure that it was a good idea to bring in another character.overall , a very good game worth the money , v.good graphics and locations . The only set backs to this game are the controls , and the extra character .
 As a past die-hard Tomb Raider fan , AOD is at the top of my favorites list . After a 12 year hiatus , I begun where I last left off in the series . AOD is a dark , entertaining tale as you lead Lara through the streets and sewers of Paris as she tries to clear her name from a murder rap . Even though this game is a few years old , the graphics and overall performance quality is awesome during its time . I 'm playing this game on PC platform and I 'm happy to write that I have no issues running this on my Windows 7-based system . There are new moves that Lara masters that are fun to execute . Unfortunately there 's no Croft Manor training level in this Tomb Raider edition , but the storyline makes this adventure exciting and hard to stop playing .
 I bought this game 4 days ago , and I have n't stopped playing . It 's a great game , the graphics are incredible , the music is fantastic , the plot is cool , but the only problem of this game , besides a couple of bugs -LRB- sometimes Lara has a brown stick instead of a leg -RRB- is the control , when I 'm in the menu , sometimes I take 3 minutes to choose , the health , weapons , save game , load etc. . Besides that I think it 's a must have if you 're a TR fan and if you like great graphics and the best video games .
 Yes , there are parts that are a bit tricky . If you do n't like a challenge do n't bother with it but it is very involving and well laid out . Great story line with wonderfully interactive characters all providing enough clues and goodies to keep the game moving.If you like intelligent , challenging games then this one will be for you , otherwise just stick with the kiddie stuff .
 This game is essentially made just like the first game of a series to come would be -LRB- refering to the new GeForce technology -RRB- . It needs refinements . Although the advantage for the makers is that Lara does n't need to be sold . She 's already loved worldwide.But yes , there are some weak points to it.Nevertheless , it is still a very good game to play and own as you will be enchanted about the new and very `` hot '' Lara and by her new abilities.The storyline is good -LRB- not great , but good -RRB- . There is also a good dose of eeriness to it , which is what we want to some degree -LRB- some of us like to feel uneasy and alone when we play games , do n't we ? -RRB- Flaw no. 1
 I just bought this game and played it for a few hours . In my opinion , it turned out that it is not as bad as most people were complaining . On the bad sides , the sensitivity of the controls are indeed a little different . But they were n't really as bad as I thought . One obvious difference was that you would have to hold the Shift key for 1 sec or longer before pressing the arrow keys in order to do the side steps . Otherwise you would experience the `` spinning '' that many people were complaining . The other thing is when the game is being loaded , there is no busy icon or anything that tells you the progress of such . On the positive sides , the graphics , lighting effects , and sounds are clearly better . And Lara has a more real life look than the previous versions . I experienced no problem narragating it 's first mission . With a little practice , this game would be as much fun as it 's previous versions .
 I just want to start out by saying I like the game , I have fun playing it . Yes it has some glitches and Laura can be hard to get used to controlling , but over all I think the game was worth the money . I did read a review that stated the game freezes a lot , I have n't had a problem , I got stuck in a wall once but that was it .
 Every time I think about this game , I literally feel heartsick thinking about the amount of vitriol leveled against it . It just seems to me that after years of being maligned in the gaming world , the haters finally found the opportunity they needed to try to destroy the franchise after all the bad press about its bugginess.I unfortunately paid attention to the haters for a long time by avoiding this game like the plague . But eventually , for the sake of completeness I decided to play it . I expected to hate it . Instead AOD wound up being my most favorite of the Core Design TRs , next to the original , of course.Here 's why . I do n't care how much people love the earlier TR games . The fact is that they were n't without faults , many which were corrected with AOD.First things first
 I obviously have n't played this game yet but I 've loved all the Tomb Raider games and this one looks great ! I 've seen all the trailers and clips that are available . It 's faster with great Max Payne type effects . Now you can fully use her ability to fight by sneaking up on guards and killing them -LRB- sort of got to do that in Tomb Raider chronicles -RRB- . Great new outfit , great weapons and great levels are going to be available . Problem solving is gon na be even harder and the game features new strategies . Lara now has improved flip-jumping abilities as well as having the ability for stronger brainpower . Her fighting capabilty -LRB- even without guns -RRB- has also been improved ! She can now have hand-to hand conflict ! And she can grab people and can choke them more often than before . The levels of gameplay have also improved to make them more interesting!Another new thing -LRB- that you would have seen in the `` Star Wars episode 1 '' game -RRB- is that Lara can now talk to people and you make the choices . What happens next depends on the choices you make and what you choose to say ! Also according to real information the edge graphics are ten times as good as the old ones.Story ? For those of you who 've finished Tomb Raider Chronicles you know that Lara is alive ! A sinister Alchemist comes to conflict with Lara after a series of bloody murders . The former mentor of Lara `` Von Croy '' died . Lara was blamed for his dead after a series of events -LRB- see Tomb Raider
 I am a huge fan of lara , ever since I was like 5 years old and every game has amazed me since , but this one , deserves a trophy , a grammy , it 's own hall of fame . In this one there is a lot more for you to do . Lara can now talk to get more information and also in this one you do n't have to use lara . there is another character , Kurtis Trent , who I think is sooooooo HOT !!! Anyway , he 's a really cool guy . Only thing wrong about this one is , Lara looks a lot different , and some of the levels are weird , especially these skeleton things , but it still is a fun exeperience .
 All I can say is this game is going to rock . The graphics lookbetter than ever , Lara 's pistols look exactly like the ones in the movie , and Lara has the coolest outfit . And the plot ? Well the plot is terrific . The plot is
 This game is the greatest tombraider game of all the time !!! The graphics are wonderful and also the story is . It can be a litle blt buggy but who cares . Bugs make this game more interesting !!!! If you cant play without unlimited ammo , use a cheat . It is not that hard you know .
 Game A + On Sound TrackA + On GraphicsA + On Story LineI have n't had any of the problems that other 's have reported like Slow-mo Lara , Audio drop out , Lara Falling out of the game World . To sum it up Tomb Raider AOD is a Best-Buy
 The only reason people dont like this game -LRB- PC -RRB- is because they dont have a good computer , I only had one problem , no big deal . Some one wrote a review that said it was too easy , NO WAY , I have been playing since 1996 , and this one was the best because you have to think !! Just because its not perfect dosent mean its a bad game . its the best one in years , I injoy playing it !! if you have a problem with PC get it on playstation . This game has great graphics and the game play is great ! So if your planning on buying this game make sure have a good system - -LRB- your PC -RRB- , if not get it on playstation . And if your a big tomb raider fan dont read the reviews with one star , because they dont know what there talkng about !!!
 Now that I have the attention of half the idiots posting comments here . 1 . -RRB- If your not using an up to date machine , do n't complain about the way the game runs . Get a life and go buy a real PC . Meeting just the minimum requirements does not cut it . 2 . -RRB- For those of you who suck at playing games , we know who you are as you can not win or play any game with similar control features ... Do n't give up your day job , do , give up trying to play games . You 'll just end up frustrated with life and will most likely become a Liberal whiner and try to control the world , worry about if trees feel pain , cry for dead animals , and such other worthless crap . Oh , and ... . the damn controls are customiseable , but you would not know unless you knew how to read the damn instructions !! Then you have the gall to complain because your an idiot . GO AWAY !!
 THIS GAME ROCKS !! First of all this game has been delayed like a MILLION times so lots of people are waiting for it to come out . The things that make this game ROCK are She gets new outfits she still has a wetsuit but it looks different . There is a another person you can play his name is Kurtis Trent and he wants REVENGE on the dude who KILLED his father . It is on the PS2 . There are better graphics . It has a better storyline . She has HAND TO HAND COMBAT in it AND SHE LOOKS SO COOL AND SEXY !!! ...
 Praetorians is a real-time strategy game in which you command companies of troops -LRB- Romans , Gauls , Egyptians -RRB- rather than individual units and it concentrates on battle with almost no resource gathering -LRB- you must `` recruit '' troops from captured villages . -RRB- There 's plenty of cool stuff like legionaries that can form the Roman shield wall -LRB- `` testudo '' -RRB- , birds that fly out of forests alerting you of approaching enemy troops , ambushes in grasslands , desert battlefields , elevation effects , 3D graphics -LRB- with a limited camera angle though -RRB- , scouts with hawk/wolf spotters , catapults , ballista , axe-throwing Gaul infantry , Nubian archers , Balearic slingers , camel archers , etc.However , as much as I 'm enjoying both the campaign and skirmish mode , I have to point out this is not a wargame . There is little time -LRB- in the skirmish mode particularly -RRB- for thoughtful maneuvering
 Guys , I have to admit - I 'm not a big time tactical strategy fan , but this game totally got me on the hook . I like Starcraft , Warcraft III and Age of Empires , but could n't imagine that a game like Praetorians can grab me and never let me go.I 've been playing the multiplayer skirmish demo since it came out - I 've never played a demo version of the game for more than an hour !!! It 's AMAZING . Plain amazing . The strategy is beautiful , all the terrain tricks , everything you could expect from a real battle . ... - the troop building model there is so beautiful that I can hardly type these words now , I want to get back to the game . I love it !!! If you love any kind of RTS games , this is a MUST in your collection !
 I had experience of RTS games -LRB- Total Annihilation , Age of Empires and Empire Earth -RRB- and after I bought Praetorians and played the first time , I found it very very interesting.It 's not the typical RTS game where you have to produce a lot of units and simply attack the enemy -LRB- like for example TA kingdoms or others -RRB- but you have to think in a strategic way before moving and attacking the enemy . In this game , mission by mission , you learn how to balance your troops and how to move in the territory . It 's important the fact that troops can interact with territory -LRB- hills , woods -RRB- . You can hide your troops , you can stay higher than the enemy and then attack you enemy suddenly -LRB- for example , if your bowmen are in a higher position they will hurt more seriously the enemy -RRB- . In some missions you have to lay siege to a fortess with war machines.To sum up , I think it 's a good game , if you want to enjoy yourself and live the experience of `` De Bello Gallico '' !
 This game is better than most game magazines make it out to be . It is a very accessible strategy game . Battles are relatively involved , although one could argue that strategic depth is not really this game 's strength . But that is probably what makes this game so entertaining and accessible for people who normally do not like stragety games.I like the game 's graphics . Not the greatest I 've ever seen , but once again , they make the game very accessible . All the different types of troops are relatively easy to spot and tell appart . When some of the troops build things , such as bridges or towers , one can watch them do their work . Not truely great and innovative , but it certainly gets the job done.So I have to say that I have been -LRB- and still am -RRB- very entertained by this game . At the same time , it is n't the best game ever made . Some of the controls are a bit weird , and sometimes , your troops will run into battle before you 'd want them to.Overall , a very good game . Well done , Pyro !
 Some have speculated about whether this game was of brilliant quality . Well , they were dead right . The graphics and gameplay of Praetorians are absolutely Phenomenal . If you are a fan of any sort of war game at all , then you will love this to bits . It has panache about that is like no other game I have ever played . Absolutely superb !
 This is an amazing game . The detail is super and the gameplay is straight forward and engaging . The level of control is not in the same level as Age of Empires or Warcraft - but if you 're playing these kinds of games you really need not be concerned with farms and food and all that other Simcity kind of stuff . This game will give you what you 're looking for - plenty of war , plenty of units and the quickest time into battle . If you 've been around at the time of Broderbund 's Ancient Art of War -LRB- 1987-88 -RRB- - you 'll definitely like this game because it has many elements of that original game and amzing graphics to boot .
 I definately recommend this game , which can be played on three different levels . It 's an exciting game which not only has 24 chapters at 3 levels , but also a dozen skirmish games to pit your skill against the CPU . If you are serious about realism and into ancient warfare , then Praetorians is the game for you . One other great thing about this game . You can rebuild destroyed units and with that add different fighting units once a certain plateau of wins is acquired . It will keep you glued to your seat as well as keep your attention on the screen .
 I have played many strategy games
 With a lot of games in competition on the shelf , this game should stand out as one of the best . Hardly trying to conquer every genre along the way , it instead concentrates on the period when wars were fought with arrows and swords . This game can also be used as a teaching tool on how warfare was in the past , as well as how to plan battles based on superior numbers and superior strategy . If you like the whole concept of conquering towns , and recruiting soliders from that town to attack the next town , and need a slight break every once in awhile from resource management , this is the game for you .
 `` Praetorians '' is sort of a `` Age of Empires/Total War '' hybrid set during the 1st century BC when Julius Caesar and the other members of the 1st Triumverate vied to increase Roman dominance upon the peoples of Northern Europe and the Middle East . It 's like the AOE series in that it 's a RTS game - the clock is always running and sometimes you must react quickly to achieve victory . However , there is no real resource gathering . Slowly regenerating peasants in villages/barracks , which can be turned into combat units , are the only resource and they 're just represented by a number counter . You can do some limited building by having specialist soldiers construct defense towers , bridges , and siege equipment . But like the `` Total War '' series , the emphasis here is on combat and one controls units of men instead of mobs of individuals.The graphics are nicely done and convey a great deal of atmosphere such as birds frightened from the forest , raindrops visible as they hit water , snow flurries , and desert duststorms . -RRB- However , they 're not groundbreaking , but that can be a blessing for people with moderately low-end systems.The combat system is the typical rock , scissors , paper of the RTS genre with each unit having its own strengths and weaknesses . The number of combat units is limited to about 10 types for each of the three civilizations -LRB- Romans , Barbarians , Egyptians . -RRB- Combat is not as realistic as it is in the `` Total War '' series in that there is no morale system or bonuses for flank/rear attacks . However , terrain and formations do play a vital role in `` Praetorians . '' Seizing the high ground is a huge advantage for archers . You can set up ambushes in forests or high grass in which your troops will be completely invisible to the enemy until it 's too late for them to do anything about it . Special formations play a major role in improving the combat capabilities of certain units . Recon is also a major key to success in `` Praetorians '' because the enemy will have also archers on hills or troops hiding in the forest . `` Praetorians '' gives the player access to `` Hawk '' and `` Wolf '' scouts , who not only can see further than other units , but they also are accompanied by their namesake animals with which the scout can send out to spy out the enemy . -LRB- Yes , it 's silly to think that a flying hawk can impart recon info to it 's handler on the ground , but it 's just a game and it works ! -RRB- `` Pratorians '' has both a skirmish mode and a campaign game . Skirmish allows the player to choose 1 of 20 maps , choose a civilization , and how many CPU/human opponents . Skirmish mode is the closest thing `` Praetorians '' has to a random map feature.The strength of the game , though , is the campaign which features 24 missions set during Julius Caesar 's heyday . Although , it 's not a true `` campaign '' game in that forces are not carried over from scenario to scenario , the player still must win each scenario to move onto the next one . In the campaign the player plays the Romans in a variety of settings
 Praetorians is mostly just fighting and trying to control villages . Its not that much of a strategy game . In Praetorians you can control either the Romans or barbarians . This game is like Celtic Kings
 PraetoriansThis game is probably the best RTS I 've tried -LRB- then again , The Battle for Middle-Earth II was n't half-bad -RRB- . The only problem is that it 's been discontinued by the manufacturer , and the bad graphics ruin a good game . On the upside , this means that the only thing stopping this game is your operating system . Virtually every version of Windows can run it . So despite what you may have heard -LRB- be it other reviews or whatever -RRB- you should buy this game !!!
 I have played a lot of strategy games and i have to say that I think Praetorians is the best . You dont have to worry about recourses or anything like that . You worry about troops and strategy . For the person who said it takes no strategy and this game is for beginners you have to be playing a different game . You cant just train massive armies and throw them into battle and win . You have to use strategy . Each troop has a flaw and you need to take advantage of them . If I were you , BUY THIS GAME !!
 This is an action packed game . Looks good . Exposes you to some Roman history . I love the scenerio where the Gauls are attacking the fort and you have to survival . That is hard as hell , I beat the Gauls once . Lots of fun . Wyatt Kaldenberg
 I think Praetorians is very fun and challanging . It has what I think is good graphics . It has very cool stuff . It enables you to do stuff like build war machines like ballistas and catipults and fortifacations . I espcially enjoyed the siege missions . In those types of missions you have to defend or attack a fortress . The diferent types of soldiers have abilities that come in handy . You are taken into Gaul , Briton Egyp , and the middle east . Another important is that you do n't have to collect recources
 This game was over all very fun . The graphics are pretty good and the gameplay is awesome . It is a game that will last you a good long time . It is one of those games that you will be stuck on a level and come back and win and get sucked back into it . You can command the egyptians , the gauls or the romans . The campaign is very fun . The skirmish is very fun . You can make up to eight different computer players and choose who is an ally and who is an enemy . I reccomend it .
 My wife purchased this game for my B-day . So far , I really like the game.I like playing Warcraft , Starcraft , and C&C series . However , I was getting bored of managing resources -LRB- e.g. gold , timber , food -RRB- I was looking for a game with more strategy rather than resource building.I remember the first time I played Myth and I like the concept of the game . Praetorian is a mixture of Myth and Warcraft . There is less resource managment and more strategy on fighting . Praetorians ' graphics , sounds and game play is top notch .
 As far as Real-time strategies go this game is pretty standard . You assume the role of various figures during the time of the Roman Empire
 Some gamers have been hard on this game since the advent of Rome Total War but as far as a fun rts games go this game delivers a nice bang for the buckIf you like the Age of Empires this rendition of Roman Imperialism is great!Sound and graphics are cool and charmingly accurate .
 I admit that I have n't finished the game yet but I 've been enjoying playing it the last couple of days.Basically you command legions of the Romans . Archers , legionares , horsemen etc. . On a terrain you have to beat the enemy.The units all have their special abilities , it 's best to have spearman at the front to stop the enemy , horsemen to do quick attacks and archers for long range attack . Because of differences in heights it is important to have archers on higher positions.This all makes for fun . The graphis are really not great but I think most strategy-games players like me are not really interested in that . The sounds are fun and it has good historical accuracy with the names of all the tribes and their leaders.Worth the low price
 `` Praetorians '' is a great RTS game ! Unlike `` Age of Empires '' , Praetorians allows soldiers to enter thick woods , ambush out of grasslands , and recruit soldiers at captured villages instead of having to build a barracks and wait a lifetime for your soldiers to be created.The units are interesting such as a barbarian -LRB- barbarian meaning Gual -RRB- axemen that , first , throws an axe at the enemy and charges into battle immeadietly after.Archers do n't take forever to kill an enemy unit , -LRB- in Age of Empires it takes most archers atleast fiffteen shots to kill an enemy soldier -RRB- it usualy only takes them about nine shots.The graphics are realistic!Such as trees that are the right size compared to the units and rain hitting water , making a small splash.The AI is a little poor . Units travel in groups , and if a group gets to fighting hand to hand with the enemy , than it is impossible to get that group to retreat.This game is great ! That 's why I decided to give it five stars !
 Although this game is great , I would give it a 4.5 stars if I could . First the good
 The game takes place during the time of Julius Caesars campaignsin Gaul Egypt and the empire itself Italy.The part I liked about this game is no worrying about money farming or keeping everybody happy.You just rise an army fight it out and hope you win.The animation is smooth and detailed and you get a fold outof the units characteristics.The only gripe I have is in thecampaign you only play the Romans .
 Since grade school , I have been a lover of Roman history especially its military branch . I also love video games of any kind that depicts them and PRAETORIANS was my very first of these historically inspired games . Although I am writing this review now , I have already played this game a dozen times since I purchased it back in the year 2004 . I loved this video game very much and for this reason I am going to write this review as a testimony of its quality . The games environments along with its brilliant set of musical backround provides a very pleasant atmosphere which adds up to adventurous feeling of the game from the peaceful music when your just marching and exploring on the game maps and the transition to a more turbulent one when you enter or get caught in a battle . With my experiencing in playing several other Real time strategy games like the Command and Conquer and Age of Empires series I found here a unique feature at the time of the games released , the simplified way of playing the game without building and fully managing a base . Instead the only thing you have to manage is population capacity which gives you the availability to train new units . Another satisfactory feature of the game is that we do not have to waste time on constantly selecting single units and grouping them together because in this game you are allowed to control a cohort of units at once which would make it easier to maneuver around the battlefield especially when face with an ambush . The games Artificial intelligence also fights very well though with should not really expect to much because of course will eventually find ways to trick the AIs as true in any kind of video games we have but they do really forced you to be more cunning than they are so they have a really great impact on enjoyment of this game . And lastly , the historical campaign scenario depicting Julius Caesar 's Gallic and Civil Wars are awesome with all out melee battles in the open , sieges with very cool war engines and ambushes and I should not fail to mention those very very cool special units , my favorite being the German cavalry . Although much more powerful games like the Total War series ruling the world of real time strategy gaming , I would still say that Praetorians is very fun and awesome game to play and I would like to urge those who have not to try it.A great thanks to the developers of this wonderful and brilliant game . It surely helped me to make good grades in my history class .
 It 's * almost * as addicting as The Sims . There , I said it . Out of the sim games out there , this is my favorite and because there are so many sim games out there , that 's saying a lot ! The graphics are really sharp , but be careful . I 'm running a 1gig system with 256MB RAM and a Geforce2 Pro and it 's just enough to keep it running good . Lesser systems might struggle.The game is more `` Virtual Resort '' than it is `` Spring Break '' -LRB- it 's sold as `` Beach Life '' in the U.K. -RRB- The object is simple enough , build a vacation spot that everyone will want to come to . At the beginning you start out with the basics , a hotel , a few food vendors , builders , cleaning staff , mechanics , and some extras to keep the guests happy . As you progress in the game , more and more items become available . Soon , you 'll have discos , casinos , outdoor activities such as snorkeling and surfing gear , fishing trips , paddle-boats , plus a variety of different bars and nightclubs for people to spend their cash on . Each building has a certain appeal to males or females and you can tweak the settings such as the type of drinks served and even the alcohol strength of the drinks , how often you want the mechanic to stop by , the prices you want to charge , etc. . . Your staff operates in true sim fashion - work them too long and they 'll start getting mad , pay them more and they 'll work even harder , get too cheap and the lifeguard might look the other way as your guests drown or get eaten by sharks.So what makes this game better than the other sim-knockoffs out there ? In short , it 's challenging but not extremely difficult , it 's funny , and yes , it 's addicting . I 'm currently stuck on the seventh level and with most games hitting a roadblock is enough to make me put it down and look for something else . With this game , though , I keep coming back to it thinking maybe if I just tweak one more thing ... Keeping everyone happy is a juggling act . With your limited funds you need to build what you can to keep your customers from getting mad and leaving . But once the money starts rolling in , you can splurge on the more expensive items to really get the party going and turn your operation into a five-star resort.Customers have a variety of desires such as beautiful scenery , reasonable prices , cleanliness , a variety of places to eat and drink , members of the opposite sex to party with , and necessities like a nearby bathroom and accommodations to stay in . The developers have struck a nice balance of keeping you busy solving the various problems while still leaving you enough time to sit back and enjoy the fruits of your labor . One of the best parts of the game is following the guests around and reading what they 're thinking about as they can say some really off-the-wall stuff . For instance , one of the guests might say `` those two were beautiful -- the girl was really pretty too ! '' Feed someone a good meal and they might say something like `` that meal was so good I 'm not going to the toilet so I do n't have to part company with it ! `` As the game progresses , your missions become more risque . For instance , you might need to get a certain number of guests to go for a `` romp '' on the beach or you might have to get a certain number drunk within a certain time limit . It 's not as easy as it sounds . I 'm giving the beer away , yet I still ca n't seem to get enough people drunk to get to the next level -LRB- you 'd think that 'd be the least of my worries ! -RRB- Plus , making the drinks too strong will cause fights to break out all over the place , vandalism , or even nonstop vomiting -LRB- much to the chagrin of the cleaning crew . -RRB- I also have to give a thumbs-up to the great music included in the game . The only thing that bugs me is it tends to cut off the songs before they 're finished . At first I thought it was a problem with the game until I realized it switches from a daytime selection of jazz and lounge to a nighttime selection of rhythmic club music . Even if you do n't like this type of music , no problem , just copy your favorite mp3 's into the game and you 've got your own jukebox selection.Is the game perfect ? Not quite . It 's not difficult or expensive to keep your staff happy , just pay them a little more than what they start off with and you wo n't even have to worry about them . You also have to make a lot of lucky guesses when building in areas with limited space as you do n't know how big a particular building is going to be until you have the funds to buy it outright . This makes advance planning difficult . You can add scenic items such as trees , flowers , signs , lighting , fountains , and statues , but you ca n't modify the terrain itself . If that building wo n't fit because it 's sitting on one little square of beach , you 're out of luck . As you complete each mission , you can go back later and build a new resort from scratch in `` sandbox '' mode . It 's a nice feature , but I doubt it will add much replayability to the game.These are minor gripes , though . All in all , the game is a lot of fun to play and I have n't run into any bugs or system crashes either . If you like economic sims and the subject matter appeals to you I 'd highly recommend it.Hope the review helped !
 Wow , this is another GREAT sim game ! I was n't expecting much when I bought it , but since I play every sim/tycoon game out there - I gave it a shot . I have to say , I was majorly impressed ! The graphics are decent , the game is fun and runs well ... it 's great!The basic premise is that you are building a spring break resort for all those crazy college kids -LRB- and more -RRB- to come visit . You have a gazillion different items/attractions to choose from , staff to hire , all the normal sim stuff . The best part though , is watching the little sim people run around your resort ! They are so hilarious ! It 's funny to build a dance club and watch them all bounce around , or build a stage and have a wet t-shirt contest -LRB- hmm , all the guys on the beach just ran over -RRB- ... there 's so many different actions they do - it will keep you laughing all night!My only complaint about the game is having no control over terrain . I wanted to build one of the water attractions , but there was no possible way to build it on some of the maps because of terrain issues . :-LRB- But since that 's the only issue I had with the entire game - I am still giving it 5 stars . It was a blast and kept my attention for a long time . I still load it up sometimes and play , which is something I rarely do with most games ! Highly recommend !
 This game is pretty cool . The graphics from normal zoom are great and the interface is pretty easy . Also , game loading does n't take too long . But , there are some things I do n't like about the game and that 's why it gets only 4 stars . First , there is an option to have your mechanics inspect the buildings every certain number of hours to insure they 're working properly . Well , I 'm not sure why the creators of this game put that option in because it does n't seem to work at all . You can have your mechanics inspect each building once every hour and the buildings still seem to break down just as often . Also , the buildings seem to age a bit too fast . Especially the accomodation blocks . It takes no time for guests to start complaining about the price . I think there are also should be a warning of some sort to you when sharks are in the water because when you 're worrying about guests fighting , prices being too high , buildings breaking down , and such sometimes , you do n't have time to check the waters 24/7 and need some help out with that . :--RRB- This is a fun game to play however , and maybe the creators will fix some of the issues and bring out a newer and better game .
 To anybody who has liked games like rollercoaster tycoon , tropico , or any other tycoon/management games , you will like this game . The variety of stuff to build is grand . You will enjoy watching your visitors get drunk and go make out on the beach as your lifeguards rescue some drowning victims as your security officers go and fine visitors . You can do jus about anything . The levels get pretty challenging after level 7 so this game should keep -LRB- there are 14 levels in all -RRB- and after you beat each level you can go play it in sandbox mode . Overall , a great tycoon game ...
 I 'm very into sims , and FP shooters , but I was n't sure about taking a chance on this sim . However , after reading a favorable review , and taking into account the price came down , I decided to give it a shot . Now I 'm addicted . I 'd love to see them come out with an add-on cause I do n't want to finish . The game is funny , absorbing and the later missions are challenging . The background sound is good and the peoples comments are funny . I 've made it to mission 8 and ca n't get the right combo to complete both . Having been burned on one of the `` tycoon '' spinoffs made me reluctant to try this but I 'm glad I did . This game usually made me laugh even after a -LSB- bad -RSB- day at work ! I would definitely recommend the game .
 I would highly suggest this game to anyone who loves simulation management games . If you liked Tropico , Rollercoaster Tycoon , you 'll love Virtual Resort
 Iv ' e just got a copy of this and I must say how much fun i have had in the past days . SpringBreak looks initially like all the other games out there , but it 's so much more than I would have thought . I especially like following the guests around and keeping an eye on what they are thinking , some of the ` thoughts ' are really funny . Many of the scenarios concentrate on balancing the buildings on the island , and keeping the guests happy , but with such cool graphics -LRB- look for the sharks -RRB- it 's fun to play . I would recommend this to anyone who is fed up the normal run of the mill game , definatly five stars .
 I 'm very picky about games I play ... I almost wo n't play anything other than the Sims ... but this game really got me hooked ! I got my fiance and his nephew playing it too ! It 's quite addicting . The scenarios are somewhat easy , but building your own resort from scratch can be somewhat difficult . I think it 's awesome : - -RRB-
 It is a game where you have to manage a vacational resort and of course as it is in real life here you have to take many important business decisions on the fly.I suggest this game to people who want a try how it feels to run a bussiness resort , I tell you in advance that this will not be an easy task.I played it long enough and want to share two facts about the game with you , One is that when you are playing you will not have enough time to do customizing , nor money to buying scenery objects , so you will have to be fast using your mouse , that is about micromanaging workers and objects . the Other fact is about the number of available buildings you have at each island , every island has different available buildings and it includes sandbox mode , you almost always not have enough money to build them all in such a short time . Once you won the normal mission you have it in sandbox mode , but the problem is you get your island with no scenery objects and those cost money that you can invest elsewhere and it takes a lot of time to develop your resort before you consider add scenery objects.I found you can do very well with less buildings , select wisely in what you invest , each building cost money and it takes time to recover your investment and mechanics labour maintennance.Play it , you will not be dissapointed.I do n't give a 5 stars because this game focus on you doing the hard job managing the resort while you see your guest having a lot of fun .
 Virtual Resort : Spring Break is an intelligent and challenging simulation game that never gets boring and keeps you laughing ! The object of the game is to build the ideal resort while keeping your guests happy . Your micro-guests will keep you hopping and their comments are just wicked ! They drink , party and make love on the beach ... who could ask for anything more ? They also get drunk , vomit and fight . The first time you see two babes go at it , you 'll laugh yourself silly . Guest can also get eaten by sharks which is gruesome but hey it is all part of life . The fat chicks and guys still amuse me on the dance floor as they gyrate and jiggle like a bowl of jello ! You are in total control of your staff although they do get moody and their production goes down . Give them a raise usually makes them happy and more productive . I have played this game for a few weeks now and have never been bored as with the Sims ! So buy it , get a cocktail and join in the fun ! I sure hope they make an add on or a sequal !
 This game is totally awesome ! Not only is it fun , well made , good graphics , and funny , it is also challenging and it keeps you wanting more ! The scenario 's are very challenging , and the people are funny.My only complaint is that they did n't put more cool scenarios on it ! Then I could play this game forever !
 This game was a sim of the highest caliber . It had me enthralled the whole time . I could n't stop playing until I had beaten the entire game , and it left me wanting more . This Game is in the spirit of RollerCoaster Tycoon , with superior graphics and sound . The built in MP3 player is a nice feature I will use it alot in this game ! This is worth of buying it just to see how awesome the graphics are . It is like Theme Park World but a million times better . Its not really worth the purchase if you only have 56k or less modem or if your system is less than Pentium 500 though . Despite that , this is the best game I 've ever played in my whole entire life , and , trust me , I 've played millions and millions of games !
 This is the best game . The graphics are great and the funniest part is the guests remarks . I do hope a sequel comes out , I 'm not one for games but this is worth every penny and then some , guaranteed fun .
 This game would be one of the best of all time games if it had a map editor/creator and you could make your own larger maps AND if the buildings did n't need repair every hour . At first when you build them its not too bad , but once you get about 200 people , fixing every building every hour is EXTREMELY tedious!I absolutely LOVE this game other than that.I get to open a nice vacation spot and people always come , even before you 're ready to have them they come ... complain and leave , but they keep coming anyway ! They are pretty easy to please once you build up a few essential buildings like bars , toilets and water rides.I hope Eidos did n't forget about such a fun game with so much potential ! I would really love to see an expansion pack with islands I could create and more efficient buildings that do n't break down everyday!I love this game and will play it forever : -RRB-
 This game I got just to pass the time . It was fun when I had it . But , this was several years ago . I have n't been able to have find it in years .
 Virtual Resort
 I really enjoyed this game , I got hooked ! The game itself is so much fun , trying to build up the island and please tourists . Also , it is fun to live vicariously through the computer players that are enjoying the beaches , clubs , bars , and fun things that happen on a spring break . The combination of the competition and the thrill of jumping into a paradise is incredible . Plus , great graphics and easy to use features .
 ... But I bought this game after playing it at a demo on a PC Games Shop . And it was fun ... First rate fun . It 's like playing Sim City but a little more fun . If you think this is a Sim clone , well maybe , but take my word for it . It 's the best fun I had for the past 3 days . . A game you can just leave on and let your Paradise Resort Island come alive ...
 I have enjoyed this game . It seems easy but you 'll find yourself out of time or money before you have met your objectives . You do n't feel cheated , it makes you want try again and again . Maybe no one will drown and perhaps you can even turn a profit . I 'm looking forward to many hours of entertainment .
 I loved the music for this game and the 20 bucks i spent on this thing when i bought a few years ago was well spent . Its the oldest game for my computer that i still play , probably because there are no sequels , but i burnt the music to a cd and can listen to it in my car . For the 3.50 the game is going at now you might as well just buy it to try it , then again you have to factor in shipping cost , but all in all a great game especially for under ten dollars .
 Yes . if you enjoy sim games , buy this one . . many different senarios to play . .
 I have gone to the main website and have seen some animated trailers from the U.K. site . This game looks to be a good time and very entertaining . I have preordered it and would suggest the same for others who like to create virtual realities ...
 I am not sure if this game is one of the best racing games , since everyone has different demands on such games . I just can say that I love this game . Race ... try to get rid of your opponents and get the win . If you 're bored of races , try those Stunts and shoot your guy into the air or play some bowling.Great longterm fun , nice graphics and pretty cool soundtrack are making this game to a game you have to have if you like racing games and if you do n't .
 I dod n't play alot of games ; maybe if I had more time . I also own & play Flatout 2 -LRB- love it !!! -RRB- Has to be one of my all time favorite low skill level games .
 I bought this game with the intent to satisfy my 9 year old sons craving for destruction . I was not dissapointed . Flatout has an unbelievable amount of things to smash up , much the glee and amusement of my son and all his friends . I even found myself playing it for the challage of getting through all the maps . The game also has alot of Mods available online that give old maps extended play and new cars to smash . Lan play is a hoot ! Especially the Demolition derby . This game is an excellent value !
 A great racing game.Background : I initially saw this game offered as a demo , which I downloaded ; I was quickly addicted and ordered the game from England before Xmas 2004 . The Game Basics : Playable as a single player or on-line -LRB- I was unable to play on-line as I was the only one with the game -RRB- . Your view of the action is from either 1st person -LRB- in the driver 's seat -RRB- -LRB- recommended -RRB- or 3rd person -LRB- from above and behind your car -RRB- There are 2 skills to play , 1 . -RRB- Normal and 2 . -RRB- Professional -LRB- where the physics of cornering , braking , spinning out and the effects of car damage are more accurate -RRB- . There are 3 levels of racing ; 1 . -RRB- Bronze -LRB- 9 races -RRB- , silver -LRB- 12 races -RRB- and gold -LRB- 15 races -RRB- . You must finish a race in the top 3 positions in order to open up new race courses to you . Similarily , you must complete all bronze before silver becomes available , and all silver to advance to gold . Money earned for good finishes allows you to upgrade you vehicle and also buy new and better cars.There are 5 different types of race tracts ; 1 . -RRB- Asphalt 2 . -RRB- Gravel pit 3 . -RRB- country dirt road 4 . -RRB- town and country and 5 . -RRB- Winter -LRB- with icy roads and frozen lakes -RRB- . All these tracts require different driving techniques and skills.The Game Play : This game is simply an adrenalin rush from beginning to end . It is a contact sport with cars . Strategies requires you to drive clean when your in front but to bump and grind it out when your trying to come from behind -LRB- and what great fun this is -RRB- . In the single player version you are pitted against 7 other opponents who are hell bent on winning at all costs.As good as any A.I. racing competitor as I have ever played against ! The physics of this game are simply hard to believe ; sliding around corners , turning , braking and collisions are as real as you can ask for in a racing sim . Also the scenery is stunning ; especially the winter tracts.Extras : In addition to the main game there is a series of target practice games with a `` rag doll '' driver that explodes through the windshield after collisions . Also there are 3 short demolition tracts to try . These are fun to try but not as adrenalin pumping as the actual game itself.Suggestions :1 . -RRB- You really need a steering wheel with gas and brake features to be competitive on the silver and gold levels .2 . -RRB- There is a downloadable patch that allows you to turn off the `` rag doll '' effect that sends the driver through the windshield with every collision . This is a neat effect at first but becomes tiresome and time consuming during an actual race.Conclusion : It took me 6-7 weeks of solid play to win all 36 races on the professional level . At times it was very frustrating -LRB- especially on the gold level -RRB- , but I was NEVER bored with this game.If you love racing sims , this one should not be missed . Highly recommend!Addendum Jan 08Having had time to compare ` Flatout ' vs `` Flatout 2 ' , I have to state that the original ` Flatout ' is a much superior game . They seemed to cut some corners in producing ` Flatout 2 ' ; fewer ` rural ' areas , more downtown city scenarios , no winter driving , etc. . The original ` Flatout ' was , and still is , the best racing sim I 've ever been privileged to play .
 Pros
 This game is great fun . Great graphics , cool sound tracks are just the beginning . If your looking for a new racing title , this maybe the one . Realistic damage to cars and a destructable enviroment can add up to hours of pure racing mayhem fun.FlatOut is flat out fun .
 So , you loved the original Driver game for PC ? Sad that Driver2 did n't get to PC and still have n't mastered Driv3r or left it sitting in the box to figure out later ? Then FlatOut is the game for you . This game may not be a realistic racing simulator , may not have the best GUI for menus -LRB- can be managed with wheel and keyboard use . But for fun , this game has what you need . This game is great after those long commutes , just load it up , start a race , turn around and crash headlong into everything in sight , thinking it was that guy that was tailgating you , or that dead ass that would n't get out of the way . SMASH , CRASH , or get the cheat for the ejector seat and have fun throwing the dummy for distance or altitude records . Then you can mess around with different cars getting a reasonable idea about tight , loose , and all those other NASCAR like descriptions that the cars all get at times . There all there in one form or another . In all , great fun , and certainly worth the money .
 I found the game easy to play in fact my 6 yr old loves the game . Graphics are great . Have had no lags or crashes . Only wish there would be a larger choice of vehicles .
 Very good driving game , good graphics and physics , although FlatOut2 is of course better . I only got this cause I went thru all of flatout2 and needed more ! Only complaint
 I love the realistic damage and the crazy ways you can race in this game . The only downside is it 's difficult to race multiple opponents without getting knocked off the track , as is most race games , where the AI is pretty aggressive . The best thing about this game is watching the driver fly out of the car in certain crashes , as well as the bonus games . I 've even run over my driver with my own car , which I 've never done in any racing game before .
 `` Flat Out '' is the most fun I have had on my PC in years . It is low cost and and has easy to use high end features on XP - It does more that most of the fancier games . It is a riot to bang up your car and continue to race while on fire . Be careful there are some other games with similar names this one is simply called `` Flat Out '' with no prefixes or suffixes or numbers or letters . It is hard to get . JR had it and I got it !!!
 if you ever wanted to take beater cars , supe them up to muscle cars and then race out in the back-country on dirt roads rally style , this is your game . the graphics are bright , detailed , and vibrant . the collisions are insane , losing doors , hoods , side-panels ... your driver will even go through the windshield in a horrendous wreck ! the action is somewhere between arcade and simulation style which blends nicely together with a great soundtrack added to the mix . definitly a classic and should belong in every race car drivers game library . now with the current marketplace price , it 's a steal .
 I do not understand why anyone would really dislike this game , maybe not there favorite , but theres nothin bad about this game . Great attention to detail when it comes to crashes and getting dinged up by other cars . All the game modes are fun -LRB- race , derby , stunt -RRB- Online play is really fun too , especially if you have a mic.Only bad part is some tracks are the same tracks , just in opposite directions and the cars slide around too much as if you have absoluty no tred.Best racing game I 've ever played though . The need for speeds are fun , but generally have little or no damage and the tracks all look a little too similiar . They also do n't offer as many jumps and the crashes are not nearly as spectacular . You 'll be wanting to see some of your best crashes over again in slow motion in Flatout 2 . I ca n't wait for the 360 version !
 In an age of violent and downright odd games this is a breath of fresh air . I bought this for my son and I find myself playing it as much as he does . Graphics are good and game physics are great.It will play just fine on a system with the min specs . My hope is the all the fans of Motorcross Madness 2 dig into this game and get some serious tracks made since it comes with a track editor .
 This is a great game with lots of fun tracks . If you enjoyed the Motocross Madness 1 and 2 series from Microsoft , this is the same team now developing for THQ . It includes fun Supermoto tracks , loads of activities within each track design -LRB- press ESC within a race and choose Activities -RRB- , challenging courses , and a variety of vehicles including Monster Trucks , sand buggies , and even 50cc minibikes and golf carts . There 's a track editor , but it 's a hardcore editor . Nothing like the easy to use editor of MCM1 . You 'll need to spend days learning to use it and even more days/weeks to build your own tracks . The airplane and helicopter vehicles included are impossible to steer , so they are useless . The waypoint courses lack the natural flow of the waypoint races in MCM2 . Also disappointing are that each race only includes a maximum of 6 riders and they do n't have real rider names . You can set the race difficulty level -LRB- defaults to 80 % -RRB- up to 125 % , and it does make a difference , so you can continue to challenge yourself . The music jukebox is the usual nu-punk garbage , and does n't allow you to select an MP3 directory of your own choosing , but thankfully you can switch it off .
 I was really questioning the purchase of MX vs ATV Unleashed when I bought it . A friend of mine convinced 5 of us to all buy it so we could race each other online . At roughly $ 18 I thought , this game wo n't be worth it.WOW was I wrong . This is a VERY fun game and my buddies and I have had hours of online fun playing this racing game . I am not familiar with lots of racing games ... but I can tell you this one for the money is great fun.Ok , there are some issues . Menu 's . Wow , the game makers really liked having menu 's . Too many ... and every time you make a setting change you get a pop up menu to confirm . It does get cumbersome . And connecting online has given us some challenges ... you connect through the Gamespy network , which is free , but can on occasion be a bit buggy . But we normally always manage to get connected and once we are in it 's easy to do one race after another.Basically for online gaming one of you hosts a game . Then others connect to you by searching for available games over the Gamespy network . It 's all very easy to navigate . But if your looking for a one player game ... I would probably not suggest this one . I did n't find the in-game racers very challenging ... even at 130 % difficulty . This game is really an online against your buddies game.Great custom tracks to download as well . I think I have downloaded 25 tracks that people have made ... and these can be raced with you and your friends online . Pick your racing colors , your number , and even put your name on your jersey ... then hit the dirt.For the money this is a very good game with good gaming staying power . My friends and I play it at least 3 or 4 times a week for some great competition online .
 The graphics are amazing ! It 's just like being there . Great fun , lots of choices on everything . I will sit for hours and play this game .
 I 'm no gamer , however my 2 sons are.I bought this game for me to challenge my 2 sons , Dad loves it because he can win sometimes !
 this game is great . the graphics are very good and i love playing online with people all over the world .
 I bough this game and `` hot rod garage to glory '' at the same time and ive got to say they are both great but this one is realy great and very fun you can race a sandrail , atv , truck and more buy this game
 This is a perfect port of the PS2 version of the game . Everything comes to the PSP intact . There are some minor slowdown issues in places and the camera can often be a pain , but it is all worth it .
 This game looks almost like the ps2 version I love it . There are a few glitches but I like glitches.nothing out of the ordinary .5 stars .
 The Good
 Awesome game ! Brings me back to the original on PS1 ! A must buy if your a fan of Tomb Raider ! Honestly no issues the game playing is great ...
 Super fun game . It is challenging and enjoyable . This being my first Tomb Raider game , I can not compare it any others but I personally love it .
 I love this game ! It is very fun and reminds me of the first Tomb Raider games . The PSP is a great platform for this game !
 I 've played this on te PS2 , and I enjoyed it so much , but I had to sell it among others to pay for school . I got my hands on the PSP and bught this game and I love it . Yes , it does hve some issue , but for th most part I enjoyed it . I love the orginal game and I loved the remake of it . This is why I fell in love with Lara in the first place .
 I 've always loved Tomb Raider , and I enjoy playing this game . I think it 's my inexperience in video game playing but some parts of the game took me some time to pass ! But I still enjoyed it . I like that it 's an adventure game . You have to think about what to do , how to do it , etc. . You basically do your own critical thinking . I still have n't finished the complete game , but the scenery , just the whole adventure Lara has to go through is fun , interesting , and entertaining.I unlocked some of her outfits which are really cool !
 This is a game , a lot of action , Lara Croft is from their first games for pc , best for any age , I am very pleased with the purchase came on time and is excellent .
 I really enjoyed this game . A nice remake of the original for the PS One . I you like action and puzzle solving , I would recommend this game .
 What really amazes me is that you can take the game , portable style and what a great game this is , The controls are different but you get everything that the ps2 version has and for the price on amazon you ca n't lose.Get this game today and take it on your next adventure .
 I 've had this sim for about 7 years now . It 's an older game , sure , but if you 're used to playing Harpoon , you 'll get into this too . It 's more than Harpoon , however , in that you get to walk around some of the ship -LRB- Think Myst style 90 's game - no smooth movements , you click and you are a few steps forward -RRB- , and you get to talk to your XO to issue orders , you can walk around the CIC and watch screens and issue orders from there . And your XO responds negatively or positively to how well your orders correspond to the Admiral 's orders which you receive at the beginning of each scenario . As the Tico class are outfitted in real life as command ships , you are frequently in command of other vessels as well . You must be politically minded too , as in real life . You ca n't just blow the Iranian Navy into Davey Jones ' locker.The graphics are a little dated -LRB- wo n't stand up to recent Silent Hunter or Dangerous Waters -RRB- but still it 's fun . Do n't have time for a 3 hour surface encounter ? There 's a time control on the bottom of the screen to move things up a little faster , and drops to 2x speed when missiles , torpedoes or cannon fire gets out.Moreover , it runs fine on my WinXP + updates system . Just press `` Y '' on the startup . Also
 This seller was very good to deal with - sent exactly what I ordered in very good timing.no complaints
 This is definitely one of my favorite basketball games , I think its surely alot of fun , and I enjoy playing it regularly .
 I have only played this game for one day and already I love it . The quick games are cool . It is a three on three game . You could pick reaglur basketball teams , NBA leagens of all time , or you could have NBA superstars of now . One more thing . In the quick games you could also play shot blocker where you have to block the shots that players are trying to make . If you have a PSP it is highly reccomended .
 this game is awesome I got my psp yesterday along with this and need for speed . this game is pretty cool . The controls are easy to use and the characters are cool .
 This is an awsome game for the psp . You should definetely pick this game up at a store . There are party play games which include '' shot blocker '' and '' arcade shootout '' . There is wireless head to head mode . This game also includes ea 's pocket trax which is when you get to listen to any of the songs from the game . Also King of the court mode . So pick this game up its awsome !!! blue
 You know how Michael Jordan loves to fly through the air , as he is gon na slam in two , and stick out his tongue ? That 's how I feel when I play this game ! I love it , living my Michael Jordan fantasy , as I cruise along on my local city bus , or BART . I just love it.No , I do n't stick out my tongue when I play this game , but I still love to play it!I recommend this game for any `` couch baller '' who loves to slam it down to sounds of the street . Stand up , and be represented , dawgs!MC White said
 though the series nba street never seems to change , the game it self is real fun . it comes packed with features such as just a regular game of street ball . There is also a story mode which you also unlock stages for the regular game of street ball . you can create your own character and choose his stats too . something strange , not in a bad way , but you can do tricks like handstands and more . there are many teams and players to choose from such as kobe bryant . this includes mini-games such as arcade shootout and shot blocker . It also has a really cool music track variety and a sports announcer too . It really is a good game and it will keep you entertained for hours . Its an A + + + + + + + + + + + + i RECOMMEND THIS !
 Ok , as yall might know me , im Gamer8 . To the game . This game is sorta like the first NBA Street game for the PS2 . It has some flaws , such as lighting . Also , at points of the game , you might say , is this game worth $ 50.00 ? Well , its worth about $ 30.00 . 1 . - Its not a good game for portability . 2 . - Lighting is bad at times 3.-Can be hard for beginners . So I suggest that you must know what the first few NBA Street games are about before buying thsi title . PS : Its a fun game after a while
 nba street showdown is pretty fun the graphics are good but the game gets boring after a while . if your going to get a game get tony hawks underground 2 remix or nfl street 2 unleashed . i think the game should have more mini games and should be longer its just to short it can be beaten in a day
 THIS GAME IS AMAZING . the graphics are insane , the customizing is sweet , and the gameplay is unbelievable !!! a must if you like basketball and have a psp .
 Being a hardcore KoF fan , I just had to pick up this game when I saw some gameplay footage of it -LRB- back in 2008 -RRB- ! This is a direct sequel to maximum impact and includes a much larger roster of characters each with their own unique fighting styles . This game is extremely fast paced , as any king of fighters game should be ! It 's one of my top 5 favorite fighting games of all time ! I highly suggest this one !
 I did n't get the opportunity to play this title until I went to my friends house.Good combos and loyal to past titles of KOF.Even it 's a 3d combat game , is way faster than tekken or DOA and I enjoy fast and hard as hell games.It 's a must have game for your collection !!!
 Cool game . Really fun . English voices suck , but that 's to be expected because Americans cant really act ... combo system is easy and is a real challeneg on maniac mode . Has cool featers and refreshing extras .
 This game is awesome . It does n't feel like a KOF , but it is still alot of fun . There is hours of replay value as well with the missions and story mode unlocks . They even have endings that make some sense . In the KOF series , that is unheard of.I wish that characters like Lien and Alba made it into the 2D series someday .
 A Bit Improvement over KOF : MI also finally gets the year badging . There are tons of things to unlock and plenty of characters to play as . Some Cameos by other SNK Characters and smoothing , fast , and fun fighting . By Far If your a fan of fighting games I recommend this one because all of these reason and more .
 It had more challenges and characters then the 1st Maximum Impact . The original Japanese language makes it better for the fans of the series .
 The next addition to the king of fighters series ... . is it a hit ? Hell yeah it is . The original 3d hit
 The King Of Fighters 2006 shows how far the series has come , 12 years after the initial breakthrough arcade release of The King Of Fighters 1994 . Although some key KOF characters fail to make an appearance , the cast is vast and wide , totaling to 38 characters with a few refreshingly obscure members , such as B. Jenet from Garou
 The game is fun ... fast paced ... has a lot of characters ... yadda yadda ... I 'm sure other reviews have touched on all that.As a long time fan of these SNK characters , my favorite part of this game is the dialogue and character interactions that actually take place between fights . Never before and never since have you seen the King of Fighters characters portrayed as so ... real . Depending on the match-up , you 're treated to a little pre-fight conversation , like Geese vs Billy Kane , Mai vs B.Jenet , Iori vs Kyo , Terry vs Ryo , etc. . There are a lot of them.And , then there are the mid boss fights and endings , which display each character 's personality to a degree we do n't get to see very often.There are even some special character specific win poses.It 's a very character driven experience , that transcends any other 2D KOF game.Perhaps the most unappreciated aspect of this game . I 'd recommend it for fans of these characters . -LRB- Oh , and do n't worry , you can choose English or Japanese with subtitles -RRB-
 Well to those who do not know already , this is the sequel to SNK 's first King of Fighters 3D released back in 2004 entitled Maximum Impact . -LRB- everywhere else in the world besides here in the states this game is known as KOF Maximum Impact 2 -RRB- Anyway for those turned off by the first game put your apprehensions aside and pick this one up quickly ! The fighting system has been reworked -LRB- parries , supercancels , Max Desperation Moves all available -RRB- , also the roster is almost double what it was before with over 10 unlockable characters ranging from Hanzo from the Samurai Shodown fame to Fio from Metal Slug , bringing the roster to almost 40 . If you are a fan of SNK Playmore or just of fighting games in general this package comes highly recommended ! Even if you are unsure I suggest you give this game a try , with several play modes including mission , quest survival , extra mission , along with many more you will be entertained for many hours on end .
 I had reservations about this game . I was always a fan of the 2D originals and Maximum Impact this game 's predecessor did not do so well . Sadly many people likely think KOF 2006 is just a repeat of the first 3D outing . In truth it improved many of the cheap broken fighting mechanics of Maximum Impact and added alot of new characters . If you think this is simply a re-tread you are mistaken.Any kof fan knows it is a fast , furious , combo heavy fighter . If anything KOF 2006 keeps this tradition and plays just like past KOFs though it is in 3D -LRB- or what is often termed as 2.5 D -RRB- . Regardless SNK playmore did not gyp its followers . They could have tried making a Tekken clone but instead they stuck with the game-play that makes KOF what it is.As you expect this game has a story line and a huge slew of unlockables . KOF rarely prided itself on being a simple brawler . It always tries to explain why each character or group of characters are fighting and every flamboyant or dark villian introduced has a deep ulterior motive besides simply hosting a tournament . KOF 2006 likewise keeps to its roots in this regard.The only negative metal nails driven into KOF 2006 that may make it a dying martyr amongst certain unforgiving fans is there are no team matches and some of the new character designs go a bit too far into left field . At the very least many all time favorites such as Terry , Mai , Billy Kane , Kyo , Iori , Leona , Kula Diamond , K Dash , Ralf , and Rock Howard return easing the blow to the fan-boy or fan girl crotch area a bit.Besides Story mode and versus mode there are a few fun side games such as smashing vehicles SF style and even facing a metal-slug tank . Many of the unlockable side characters are also neat sich as Fione -LRB- cute italian girl from metal slug -RRB- and a certain well known ninja from samurai shodown fame . Even Geese can be uncovered . However again the negative down side is like unlockable characters in other SNK games these ones have no story lines . They 're fun to play but do not get excited and expect a grand climax . To once again soften another blow to the fan crotch SNK allows you to unlock character profiles with a detailed history of their pasts . This is a literal god send for players new to KOF that need to catch up on the mythos it has estabalished thus far.KOF 2006 looks `` good '' but not great . The music however is likely some of the best I 've heard in an SNK kof game.It is possible to beat the game with each character so at the very least it is balanced enough so anyone can jump in and have fun using their favorite fighter.Fans have had mixed reactions about Falcoon 's new fighters . While some are a bit `` eccentric '' I liked Minon for the very fact she was a klutz and Nagase likewise for the fact she was not so charming and had an abrasive personality . The characters came off as real people because they were in fact flawed and not graceful social butterflies . Speaking of butterflies Luise is hot and enigmatic . I immediatly liked her for her gentle demeanor and hope she gets more appearances in the future.Though Falcoon may come off as a bit `` pompous '' with some of his injected fan boyism would you not do the same if you had a chance to work for SNK ? I can not fault the guy for wanting to introduce his own characters . All artists want a small amount of self expression and freedom to be alloted to them . At least Falcoon 's characters are not invincible behemoths that have no personal faults . Give the guy a break , aye?If you are open minded enough and tolerant enough you 'll love this game . As fighters go you can do alot worse and not much better . -LRB- Though yes there are a few better fighters out there . -RRB- Once I compared KOF 2006 to that cute girl next door with braces that helps you with your home-work . She does not look like a super model but she is still attractive and on top of that has a big heart willing to give alot in a relationship . KOF 2006 is not a perfect fighter but it is a deep fighter with alot of hidden content and extras to keep you playing for a very long time ! On top of that you can not beat the price !
 I have n't played a fatal fury game since the first one on Sega Genesis in the 1990 's . King of Fighters has brought your favs from `` fatal fury '' , `` art of fighting '' , and other titles together in KOF 2006 ; the transition from the 2d world to the 3d world is flawless.Many fighting games have dissapointed me , including virtua fighter , mortal kombat deception , and DOA . KOF 2006 is the exception . The fighting engine is very good , the graphics are great , and the controls are solid.If your an old school fan or street fighter and SNK games , you need to get this worthy update .
 This game is awesome ! If you are looking for a really nice and very addicting playstation 2 game that will never make you bored ! I would highly recommend this game ! The 3d action , and great quality makes this game outstanding , and for Amazon 's very low price , this is a must have !
 King of Fighters has outdone themselves this time with a second installment in the 3-D type . Mix between Tekken and Virtua Fighter and Dead or Alive , this game has tons of replay value with missions and sub missions . Character list not as robust as I would like , but it is manageable . Custom costumes , various exotic locations , and enough sexual innuendos to make you wan na close the door and let down the blinds to enjoy this title , lol . Just do Mignon Bearts low kick combo while she 's wearing the alternate costume and you will see what I mean . Button masher for sure , so you can just pick up and do damage with most of the characters , although , no matter who you have , expect the final boss to be a challenge as in most SNK games , his reach is uncanny and unmatched by any of the other characters , yet , there is a secret character you can unlock that totally owns everybody , literally . This character can do their regular moves through any move the computer does , even through the computers super special moves . Imagine that , the computer doing a special move and you just punch right through it taking little to no damage at all . This secret character is just that devastating ... wan na see who it is , well buy this game and find out : - -RRB- P.S. Games like these , which require a lot of button mashing , -LRB- especially the DBZ fighting games , Streetfighter games , etc -RRB- I notice that your finger for the direction pad is going to get heavily fatigued while playing , expect soreness and calouses to develop . My solution to this problem , is for you to wear some cloth/cotton gloves while playing this game . It will keep your finger from pain and it will help you to be more smoother during input for supermoves , because the cotton surface of the gloves will glide smoothly over the direction pad allowing you extended gameplay during the intense combat sessions . You can thank me for this , by giving this review a good rating : - -RRB-
 I 've played all the big hockey games so far and two have really let my down . 989 was the WORST EVER ! Bad graphics , lousy game play and a definite 989 does n't care what it looks like attitude contributed to a complete failure in my opinion . EA was better . The commentary was horrible , but I just turned it off . Even so , other elements made me wish for more . Then I bought NHL2K3 . AWSOME ! The got the arenas right , the uniforms look good and the gameplay is pretty top notch . The season mode is very good if not excellent . I really like the roster management . I only wish they could have gotten Gary Thorne and Bill Clement for the play-by-play and color commentary . That was the only thing that kept me from giving it the coveted fifth star . If you like hockey , buy this game .
 Any sports enthusiasts who owned a Dreamcast will remember Sega 's NHL 2K series which began with the lackluster NHL 2K , and ended with NHL 2K2 -LRB- the last Dreamcast game -RRB- which re-defined the way video game hockey should be . Developer Visual Cocnepts went for the most realistic feel of the NHL they could go for , and came up with the most realistic playing hockey video game to date . Now , enter NHL 2K3
 THE BEST HOCKEY GAME EVER MADE .
 Although I 'm still playing NHL 2002 on occasion after a full year , I 'm getting a bit weary of it . On one difficulty setting , I win 7-1 on average ; on the highest difficulty , I lose 2-0 despite outshooting my opponent 50-7 . While there 's no denying that it 's an incredibly fun hockey game , it takes too many liberties to be an effective hockey sim . As such , the reward of winning becomes non-existent with experience . Not with NHL 2K3 , easily the best simulation of a hockey game yet . The inflated totals of EA 's NHL series never pop up in NHL 2K3 . The customizability , from the game speed to puck friction to even the depth of the control scheme , easily beats the EA series . Even on the easiest setting , you ca n't just take a shot and expect it to go in . In order to score , you actually have to MAKE PLAYS , which is the most refreshing aspect of this game and why the reward of winning never diminishes with time . Players can pin each other along the boards for scrums , demonstrating the greatest emphasis on defensive play yet seen in a hockey game . The player rankings are extremely accurate and deep , and the players ' defensive values make a huge difference on the ice , unlike NHL 2002 where Sandis ` Bowling Pin ' Ozolinsh could single-handedly control the back end . The franchise mode is unreal , with a fixed budget , contracts , an option to send players to the minors , a fantasy draft option , and a solid trading system . In short , everybody can enjoy this game , from fans of the EA/Hitz series to hockey sim fans . Now for the less flattering
 thise game is totaly worth the money you can stack your team but you have to stay on buget you can play in the playoffs , exibition or season . BUY WITH CONFIDECE
 This is the best hockey game ever . You 'll never want to stop . There is every team and player . Theres a mode were 2 people can play each other and you can just play the com . just for fun . There is also a franchise mode where you go threw as many seasons as you want . You can also trade players and sign free agents . Theres also a draft after each season . You can also set the difficilly level to any thing you want . Theres also a season mode where you can just go through only 1 season . Also theres a playoffs mode were you skip the season and go right to the playoffs . It has the best grafics too . The bad thing is that you ca n't create your own team like in NFL 2K3 . I recremend this game to everyone ...
 If you remember nhl2k2 for the Dreamcast then you already know that all this game is about is a port with minor adjustments and updates . With that said , on with the review . First off the good . It is good that sega aquired the ESPN license . It gives a more tv style presentation to the game . The player models are a lot better but the goalies still look weird . EA 's NHL has sega beat there . As far as game play goes , its a lot more realistic in comparison to other ps2 titles . One timers will not always score , pinning is super realistic , puck physics are very nice , and colision is superior to any other game to date . Presentation and menus are a little bland but have so so many options ! On to the bad . It shouldnt take near 40 shots to score , but if you tweak the goalie AI , you make every other shot . Sega 's black jersey looks like its been washed and dried 1000 times . HEY SEGA , black doesnt mean GRAY . Anouncers need more than 3 phrases . No player can keep a puck from 3 defenders in the NHL . Other than these little things , this game is fantastic . If Sega stays on this track and tweaks and revamps here and there , they will have the the hands down best hockey game for many years to come . Good luck catching up to that EA !
 I took the advice of a Video Game Store employee and waited out til 2K3 came out , instead of buying NHL 2003 , as he claimed it was much more realistic . He was right , and so far I am glad I waited . I agree with some other reviewers that there are some glaring errors including
 I purchased NHL 2K3 , after trying NHL 2003 from EA Sports . Even though you might be able to do a little bit more with NHL 2003 , NHL 2K3 will blow NHL 2003 out of the water ! The game is more realistic , and you feel like you 're at an actual hockey game . The scoring is more realistic , also , as someone else pointed out . There wo n't be that many high-scoring games . The highest score I 've gotten so far is 5 . It 's just more realistic then NHL 2003 . My brother and I were playing it , and we could n't stop talking , yelling , etc. . This game is a fun game and a MUST have for ANY hockey fan out there . It 's certainly one of the best hockey games that I have bought in a long while . EA Sports has some competition coming their way , and that 's Sega Sports !!!
 nothing beats this game.If you want real-life actoin this game is for you.The passing shootin and setting up the plays is unreal . if you like hockey this game is for you .
 For those wanting a true simulation hockey game , look no further than NHL 2K3 by Sega Sports . This game will simply amaze you on how realistic its gameplay and game physics are . It may take you a game or two to get used to the controls and gameplay , but once you get used to all this , you will agree that this game is the best hockey game made to date.Graphically , it 's above average in the player models -LRB- EA 's are better -RRB- , but everything else looks absolutely stunning . As expected these days , the rinks are true to real-life arenas . The ice at the start of every period has that wet , resmoothed surface -- whereas during the periods , you see that wet look disappear as you see skate marks and snow . The crowd looks rather dull , but the action takes place on the ice , not in the stands . Player animation is great in some areas -LRB- like during the board pinning -RRB- , but choppy at times -LRB- some body checks -RRB- . Sound is really good , but there is room for improvement here . The sounds of the game are well done , but the play-by-play/color commentary is very weak . It 's slow , unresponsive , and the color man hardly interacts with the play-by-play man as he ignores 90 % of his questions . My question here is
 I 'm one of those guys that says every year , `` I 'M NOT BUYING EA 's NHL this year ! '' , but I always do . I had to because I just could n't wait a month for Sega 's . But I bought NHL2K3 anyhow , and I 'm glad . While EA 's NHL2003 looks `` cartoony '' , NHL2k3 looks -LRB- and moves -RRB- very realistic . The weirdest thing that I 've noticed about NHL2K3 is that it looks and plays very similar to Konami 's National Hockey Night -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , though obviously better.The `` theme '' of NHL2k3 is an ESPN broadcast . The controller options on this game are massive . You use every single freakin ' button on the pad , including the analog controller . A big plus on this game that EA 's does n't have this year are the strategy options , even faceoff positioning ! While EA 's version boasts in its features and options , NHL2k3 whips EA in realistic gameplay . The little nuances of the way the players move , shoot , hit , and fall down are in this game.Like real hockey , most of the game is trying to just get the puck . You ca n't just get the puck and skate the whole rink by yourself in this game like you can in EA 's . You 've got to pass and DUMP too ... and there 's even a DUMP button for that!My only complaints so far for NHL2k3 is that there 's no reverse camera angle , as far as I can find ... which means that you actually have to change sides every period . Also , there are n't a whole lot of camera angle options . By far the only really bad thing I 've found is that you notice the game 's frame `` skip '' or `` jump '' once in a while , especially while passing ... and that can throw you off a little bit . Overall , great simulator
 I 've been playing hockey games since 93 all with easports . But ever since nhl 98 its just gone straight downhill . 2002 was a joke so i did n't even try 2003 . i knew i had to get a different game . i rented nhl 2k3 and the gameplay is amazing . its not as flashy as ea sports but they concentrated on the important things . the crowd and commentators are a little on the dull side but you wo n't notice that when your cycling the puck or diving with a defencemen to knock the puck away from the forward . the puck physics are amazing as well . people like bobby holik are actually valueable in this game . when u dump it in its hard to keep him pinned to the boards . the franchise mode is the best also . you can sent players down to the minors and bring others up . definitly at least rent this game before getting 2003 .
 This is the best simulation of a hockey game ever made.It is not perfect but it is 10 times better than EAs NHL 2003 . The gameplay is just incredible.You can now pin or be pinned against the boards and kick the puck to a teammate , or freeze it for a faceoff.There are tons of options to tweak everything you can think of.There is a deep franchise mode as well.As for the camera angles it never seems to get close enough for my liking but the ESPN presentation is done well.The announcers are just OK and there is no online play for the PS2 -LRB- only on Xbox -RRB-
 This is a real good game . Very realistic , even down to the goal horns . Playing against NJ as The Mighty Ducks and hearing the goal horn from NJ brought back nightmares from Games 5 & 7 . The only problems I have with the game is the jersey numbers . For example , I acquired Daniel Briere , and instead of letting me pick his jersey , the game automatically gave him # 66 . It 's the little things that bother me . A game that is so good , should n't have that kind of glitch in it.If you can look past that , it is a great game , a must buy ! I hope NHL 2K4 is just as good .
 If it 's in the game , its in NHL2K3.A hard-core NHL player on the EA side of the tracks since NHL94 I finally broke down and shelled out the -LSB- money -RSB- for Sega 's shot at hockey on PS2 . Initially I was impressed by the ESPN features and definitely floored by the depth of the user options , GM choices , etc. . The gameplay is smooth , the offensive and defensive strategies and plays are incredibly fluid and the true hockey fanatic with seasoned experience will really be able to get the most out of this game.The graphics off-the-ice are impressive , the players faces are also top shelf but the game play graphics are n't as fluid as EA 's and the moves are n't as realistic . You ca n't have it all ... you can tell just by the size of the manual that more thought went into NHL2K3 and their first attempt at hockey on the PS2 is definitely a sign to watch out EA , because SEGA has your number . I enjoyed the fact that there were n't all gimmicks like NHL cards , cheat options and choose your own celebration . All this including gamebreaker and dynamic dekes are -LSB- bad -RSB- . Anyway who knows and follows hockey is acutely aware that you have to play 60 minutes -LRB- or 15 -RRB- to win . NHL2K3 does it self a favor by putting all its flavor on the ice and the ESPN brand helps the whole game 's realism . If only EA could learn from this.A CBC Hockey Night in Canada graphic environment would probably take NHL2K3 to even better heights , maybe for next year . ESPN 's dedication to hockey is definitely falling off due to their acquisition of the NBA . Don Cherry , hotstove , etc.To sum it up , I 've got both NHL2003 and NHL2K3 but it looks like I 'll probably trade in EA 's title and go for the Cup with Sega , ...
 For those of you like myself who are fed up with EA 's atrocious offerings to the hockey masses the last few seasons well say hello to your new hockey guru 's at Sega . NHL 2K3 is the closest thing to a hockey simulation ever to grace a console or PC . While this game is far from perfect and loses out to some of EA 's developments the game surely will compete for a good share of the hockey market.Having been a loyal follower of EA 's yearly installments -LRB- I purchased every single addition of the NHL series since the first one on Genesis back in 91 and I have had each one up to 2002 . -RRB- I grew disgusted with their improvements . They abandoned the traditional hockey feeling the games represented and moved to a satirical arcade like score fest . 2002 was so ridiculously bad I played it for maybe an hour before I put it on eBay . So naturally when NHL 2003 hit the shelves I was tempted bt I held out for Sega 's addition . And boy was it worth it .2 K3 has so many neat features it would make the `` Dynamic Deke '' boys at EA 's heads spin . The franchise mode alone is worth the price . Following in EA Madden 's football series -LRB- something NHL never did -RRB- the franchise mode isin depth and adds so much to your season it is outstanding . Like the NFL 2KX series the franchise allows you to sign free agents , draft players , make trades , etc. . Salaray is done on a points system with each team having a cap they can spend . Your roster is realistic to league standards and you have a minor league system that stores prospects and utility players . Something Ihave never seen before but always thought would be neat is the addition of unsigned talent to each team . Every team has a selection of 5-7 players or so who are unsigned . In a pinch you can sign one of these players , and some of them are pretty decent , or you can offer their rights in a trade . Add that feautre to a 9 round draft and man talk about realism . The player rating system is pretty generous and many mediocre players are graced with 80 or higher marks . Overall though the players are pretty realistic to their real-world counterparts.Some other great features I find exciting about the game is the depth of the game strategy system . You have numerous otions for fore checking , back checking , defensive zone breakouts , neatral zone movement , and attack zone . You can trap or play a free flowing game . There are countless posibilities of strategy and to top it you can assign a certain strategy to each individual line . THat way your main line can play aggressive while your checking line is defensive oriented . This is great if you like to play realistically and cycle lines according to game situations . Star matchups are easy now with the ability to set them before the game so if you prefer a certain line out against their number one unit you can set it before the game and set how important that line matchup is . The addition of being able to change your offense and defense seperate from each other is a great way to prevent getting trapped on a change and keep good D out with your weaker lines . The only flaw with that system is changing lines on the fly is tricky with the button configurations . Pressing up cycles your offense and down is defense . This is tricky if you are carying the puck since you have to take your finger off the analog stick and that leaves you vulnerable while you cycle around . You can also switch strategies on the fly with the play . So as you can see the francise mode offers tons to tweak and add to your seasons yet the only downfall with spending lots of time on these menus is you better get used to the National Hockey Night theme song from ESPN because that is the ONLY music in the menues and it cycles about every minutes or so.Now for the game . The overall presentation of the game is well bland and boring . The intro is nothig flashy and way behind EA 's intros . The commentary is boring and poorly constructed but at least it is not as moronic as EA 's has gotten . Many times the comments have nothing to do with what is going on in the game and the color guy never seems to answer the play by play mans questions . Game emotion is also pretty low as the crowd rarely gets into it and the annoucers rarely get jumpy . It 's bearable though and you do n't really notice it . Music and cut scens are also pretty weak but hopefully these will get improved upon with later additions . The gameplay makes up for everything though . Gameplay is outstanding . It is a medium tempo not the lightning fast EA addition . Plays can be set up and the speed burst works but no more blowing past defenders with ease . Puckhandling is crucial and passing is a challenege that needs to be mastered . Shooting does n't always seem to go as aimed but this depends on how your player is positioned . Backhands are significantly weaker than forehand shots ect . . One timers are effective but harder than past EA games . The fights up the board are also neat because you can actually cycle the puck now effective and it works . Goalie movement is great and puck control is very realistic . No longer can goalies dive on the puck for a cover then fire it out . If a goalie goes down and covers the puck to pass out he needs to drop the puck to his stick which takes time and usually leads to turnvers . Defensive play is solid but still lacking at times . On the default difficulty setting I blew out Pittsburgh with the Leafs 12-2 and was scared that this was too easy yet the next game was a respectable 4-2 win over Ottowa and games have been much closer . Raising the difficulty level another notch or two makes the game very challenging.All in all NHL 2K3 in my mind blows EA out of the water with a superb franchise mode and great gameplay . They are lacking in presentation but that will change once the franchise picks up some popularity . I have n't even tried some of the other features in the game like the challenge modes , etc. . If you are hockey fan and are looking for a great hockey sim this is as good as you are gon na find on todays market . If you like massive scores and crazy lighting fast games pick up NHL Hitz or 2003 from EA but if you want a traditional hockey game that matches the quality of Madden and NFL 2Kx pick this up you will love it and hate ESPN 's Hockey Night theme music forever !!!
 I have to agree with all the reviews here
 After being an Ea sports fan for years i thought i would never switch . I bought ea and after about a hour i could n't wait to see nhl 2k3 . The realism just blew my mind away . Sega has finally done it and beat ea in a great simulation hockey game . The first thing i noticed was the huge improvement on the goalies ai . . if you can score easily then you are a true hockey player . The clairity on the ice was incrediable you can actually see the players skates leaving marks on the ice with each press of the legs.My favorite item though is the fact you can dress , scratch , and send players to the minors . So if they are n't cutting send them down for about 3 weeks and you will see a huge difference when they come back . Also free agents are n't just out there to be picked up . Every team has i guess what you would call a salary cap . You have so many points and every player demands different amounts of points and years for a contract.If you want to truly be a Gm and Coach and player this has got to be the best game out in years . 5 stars is all it would let me give , but it deserves more
 I 'm addicted to this hockey game . The level of options and choices is amazing . First off you get to choose what time of view you want
 NHL 2K3 is definitely the best hockey game available right now . The gameplay is what sets it apart from all the rest . It is very realistic . There are n't many huge checks that knock the player to the ice unlike NHL where the players fly all over the ice . The scores are also realistic . Each goal is crucial because there wo n't be many by either team if they are fairly matched . This also differs from NHL where the final score is 13-11 . The largest goal differential I have had so far is 4-0 . The AI in this game is well done and really adds to the gameplay . The computer players always go for the loose puck and also do a great job of blocking passing lanes when two of your players are headed to the other teams net . All of this contributes to making every game quite exciting . However , this game is not perfect and NHL does have advantages in certain areas . The graphics are OK , they do n't really add or detract from the game but the graphics in the NHL series are certainly better especially with how accurate the players ' faces look . In 2K3 they are n't as recognizable . The announcing in 2K3 also could have been better . It is somewhat repetitive and boring . They do n't make bad jokes like in NHL . Overall , this game is as fun as they come and if you are searching for a great hockey game look no further than NHL 2K3 from Sega Sports .
 This is the best game yet for Hockey ! I even know WAZ , Hdruery32 , and PenaltyBox , who are listed in the Thanks list in the Manual for the game -LRB- I dont know them personally though -RRB- . WAZ has an amazing site will over 100 screenshots of the game that are just plain amazing , and about 10 movies of the game . He just made one for the PS2 version of this game and it is the best ! The graphics for this game are great . The ESPN Style is really nice , and the board pinning was a great add to the game . All real goal horns except a few ... . Some goal songs ... And everything else is what this game has ! I mean , the last time EA actually made a decent hockey game was in 2000 for NHL 2000 . Then 2001 was ok , and 2002/2003 just blew my EA gaming experience . Treyarch has done a wonderful job on this game , and I am glad ! I have thanked them very much . I even have made custom covers for this game I am so excited ! This game is going to be awesome for the XBOX !! I just know it ! Have any questions about the game ?? I can answer them all . Just ask , and Ill answer !
 I 've spent way too many hours playing most of the PS1 & PS2 hockey titles . I enjoyed all the releases of FaceOff for PS1 , but the PS2 version of FaceOff was the first hockey game I actually returned for a refund . Although I have n't played FaceOff 2003 , everything I 've read suggests that the games is dead in the water . EA Sports NHL Series was , in my opinion , all flash with not much fluid game play or strategy.I bought Sega 's NHL 2K3 and I 've finally found a game that is realistic , hard , yet fun to play . The graphics are n't what you 'll see in EA Sports , but they are nonetheless , excellent .2 K3 plays as a realistic SIM to the point where you may question the enjoyability of the realism . A good example is pinning on the boards . 2K3 allows you to pin opposing players on the board and you elbow , kick & tussle for the puck . It 's very realistic . It 's also pretty boring . Therein lies the real excellence of the game . If you do n't like pinning
 This is the best simulation of a hockey game ever made.It is not perfect but it is 10 times better than EAs NHL 2003 . The gameplay is just incredible.You can now pin or be pinned against the boards and kick the puck to a teammate , or freeze it for a faceoff.There are tons of options to tweak everything you can think of.There is a deep franchise mode as well.As for the camera angles it never seems to get close enough for my liking but the ESPN presentation is done well.The announcers are just OK and there is no online play for the PS2 -LRB- only on Xbox -RRB-
 NHL 2K3 blends the realistic style of hockey with okay graphics , and makes it an enjoyable experience . I will first startwith the faults
 This is a game everyone should play , great storyline , great graphics , and REALLY fun ! I am proud to own the game and I reccommend it to about everyone !
 I Saved 50 bucks for this game , and I guess I got my money 's worth . It 's truly amazing , the Laguz are a nice add on , too . However , it can agrivate you sometimes when you ca n't get past a certain place , or survive for some number , or when you ca n't recruit another charicter for some reason or another . Easy mode is good for noobies , but the final battle just sucks here . The Extras are good though . Sound room , trial maps -LRB- extra battles -RRB- , theater , and art work are the extras . so overall , it 's an ok game , but be sure you have something to punch alot nearby just in case .
 This game is a great game to anyone who likes Role playing games or is a Fire emblem freak . Since there is to many things to write about , I 'll just write my review with pros.Pros - Better fighting animations than the past Fire emblem games - More ranks and more new types of `` laguz '' to use - Shows cut scenes - Ability to create your own weapons or magic - The game is long -LRB- the past games were short -RRB- - Way better graphics - Great story lineSo the game is basicly good but if your a Fire emblem vet you will find it losses its touch on how a fire emblem game is .
 This One of the Best Games ever . It has a great story line , good action , great adventure and just a flat out great game . From the very beginning it catches your intrest . You need strategy and smarts to excell at this . It has innteresting charecters , and good graphics .
 Everything is in very good shape , everything is present , disc runs great , and it 's just as much fun as I remember .
 in this game other than the fighting style the animated cut scenes have the best graphics . If your a fire emblem fan youmust buy this or just trying something new rent the game atblockbuster or at gamefly.com
 This is one of the best games I have ever played . It 's kind of hard but is fun , trust me this is a must have game .
 in this game other than the fighting style the animated cut scenes have the best graphics . If your a fire emblem fan youmust buy this or just trying something new rent the game atblockbuster or at gamefly.com
 ive never played the first Fire Emblem but ive played sacred stones and it is awesome !!! in my opinon this game is better than sacred stones its so awesome !! If u liked sacred stones u will LOVE this game , if u never played sacred stones , u will still LOVE this game , and if u hated sacred stones , u will still LOVE this game !!! BUY IT NOW !!!!!!!!
 i 've played different Fire Emblem games on my Game Boy consoles , but this one tops them all . this game is the epitome of sticking to what works , yet adding great detail and advancements within it at the same time . i 've been playing this game for about a week now , and i 've yet to grow tired of it.i 've read some of the other posts , and i think others have said things like `` it 's dull '' or `` the characters are faceless . '' but i disagree with these other opinions . i 've enjoyed the course taken thus far by Ike and his companions . this story teachers a valuable lesson , as well . any parent ought to be proud that their child is playing this game for the story.other rpgs are just filled with the typical `` well there 's an evil guy out there and i must defeat him . '' although much to the degree that this Fire Emblem is to that concept , it goes much deeper in the retrospect of understanding a community . the relationship between the Laguz and the Beorc is quite similar to that of our own racial relationships . so , assuming you 're an open-minded and thoughtful person who happens to enjoy the course of a Strategy-RPG , you 'll probably have fun with this game .
 I 've always been a big fan of the Fire Emblem series , and this is not a disappointment . I picked out the first Fire Emblem to go english at a local video game place . But that 's besides the point.The point is , this game is INCREDIBLY engaging . And I mean that in the sense that you actually have to think to play it . No offense to people who like games like Final Fantasy Tactics Advance , but in that game someone can lose all their life and it does n't really affect all that much of the game . All you have to say is `` D'oh , Benkman died . I guess I 'll keep playing . '' However , in the Fire Emblem games , if someone dies , they are GONE ! And that means that you can never use that character again on that playthrough , unless you restart the level . Some people think I 'm retarded for liking that , but that element of the game really makes you plan out a strategy instead of just using the full-forward blitzkrieg strategy -LRB- unless you are doing it with Titania in the first few chapters ^_^ -RRB- . Also , another aspect of the game is skills . They can make a severely underleveled specimen of mage - cough-Soren-cough - into your best character -LRB- that 's what happened in my case , anyway -RRB- . Skills ca n't be called on to activate right when you need them to , though . However , a few of them such as vantage and parity activate in every battle.Something else new to the Fire Emblem series is animated cutscenes . I admit that these are n't as good as the rest of the game , considering that a grand total of five people actually appear in them and one of them is actually a whole three seconds long . Other than that , they 're ok.I know I keep going on about new stuff , but the Laguz are AWESOME ! The only downside to them is about two fifths of the time they ca n't fight . Another note on the units , they introduced the first soldiers in an English Fire Emblem , and they are n't horrible like the enemy ones have been in the past two games.The base is one concept you have to enjoy . You get to purchase items , award bonus experience , -LRB- I honestly do n't see how anyone can possibly complain about the bonus exp . because you can hand it to people and give them free levels ! -RRB- assign skills , have support converstions , and get information from several different people . The only downside to information is that it always has to have Ike -LRB- the main character -RRB- somehow involved in it . One star conversations always are desired for solely humorous effect , two star conversations usually have tips for the next battle , and three star conversations always get you something . Also , a new feature is the forging items . You can create more powerful than normal weapons , but it 's incredibly expensive . I like the base more because you can do pretty much what you did in Fire Emblem
 Having just finished this game about 10 minutes ago , and being a big `` Fire Emblem '' fan , I can conclude with absolute certainty that it 's one of the best in the series and will be enjoyed by many for quite a long time to come . `` Path of Radiance '' -LRB- you 'll get over the name soon enough -RRB- is a rich , engaging , downright fun tactical masterpiece.Sure , the overall scenario is nothing terribly different , especially for the `` Fire Emblem '' series of late -- it 's pretty much the usual tale of a mad idiot who throws kingdoms into conflict , prompting a noblewoman and a growing group of warriors to rise up and put a stop to it . However , this particular story -- the saga of Princess Elincia , her level-headed hero Ike , his band of mercenaries and family secrets , and the uneasy relationship between two races of people throughout the world -- is still well told and has many intricacies that keep things entertaining.The gameplay is classic `` Fire Emblem , '' and if you do n't know what that means , it 's time you learned -LRB- you can either just give the game a try or read the rest of this paragraph ; I 'd suggest the former -RRB- . Generally , the player and computer take turns making a series of moves , during which two teams of characters are directed into positions on a playing field . Eventually these individuals come across one another and engage in brief one-on-one battles , each attacker usually -LRB- except when bows are in the equation -RRB- having one of three types of weapons . It 's a paper-rock-scissors kind of thing , and an advantage is often created when one weapon has power over another . Also on the field sometimes are healers and others who help out . This whole process continues until the mission goal -LRB- usually beating the boss -RRB- has been met.If you 're already familiar with the series , then you can rest assured that this entry does n't disappoint ; there are even some things , both on the field and off , that have been nicely streamlined for convenience . Another nice gameplay element are the various personal skills that many characters can acquire , enabling various special abilities in battle , such as always attacking first -LRB- even when an enemy starts the fight -RRB- , having a high chance of performing a critical when one 's hit points are halved , etc.On the aesthetic side of things , `` Fire Emblem '' has made a great transition to polygons , and the 3-D battles are looking great . Of course , the FMV cinema scenes are simply beautiful , and the voice acting is actually pretty good , particularly at the end . About the only glaring weak point overall is the music , though this is easily forgivable . The battle themes for about half the game are rather silly , but get better after a while , and there are indeed a few standout tunes that hold up well . An area in which the `` FE '' games tend to excel is the writing itself -- narrative and especially dialogue -- and while I would n't quite put this one on the same level as the previous game in this regard -LRB- that being number 8 , dubbed `` The Sacred Stones '' in English -RRB- , it still amounts to an up-to-standard , highly respectable script that 's enjoyable to read through.From start to finish , `` Path of Radiance '' is a great game -- a polished , well-presented entry that honors both this series and its fans .
 I have this game and have beaten but boy it was hard . It took me like a month to beat it . What I love about it is it 's on the Gamecube , their are little movie clips , the action and the adventure you take . I do n't like that they took choosing classes away and the plot is later on in the story . BUY THIS GAME NOW !
 What are the negative reviewers talking about ? This game is great ! One of the one star reviewers said that , '' ... you never get to actually attack any of your enemies . '' That 's not true ! All that guy wanted was real time fighting . This is a strategy-RPG game , NOT a fighting game . That reviewer also said that the half the game is watching characters talk . That 's also not true . This game actually most of your time spent fighting . Unless you 're an expert player . Watching the characters talk is actually quite interesting if you like story-lines at all . The story behind the game will overcome the reading involved.Another one star reviewer said , `` Fire Emblem is too hyped ... '' What was that ?! I have heard hardly any hype about this Fire Emblem , or any newer Fire Emblem . That same reviewer said that the game is nothing like any of the other strategy RPGs he had played . Well , it 's not supposed to be the same , right ? This reviewer says also , that the chance to lose a unit forever is not fun . No , it 's not fun . But at least it makes the game challenging ! And besides , you know that you 've done the level correctly if none of your units die ! This guy must have been insane ! This guy said , '' ... if your units do n't level up , tough . They wo n't survive on the battlefield . '' Anyone should be smart enough to know to let weaker characters finish off enemies for more experience , but let the stronger units soften them up.Leveling up
 In the first two Fire Emblem games that came out for GBA I was amazed ! I hated GBA games and never used mine . I would be playing for hours and hours.Then they have came out with it on the big screen !!! For once your lord is amazing and dont have to worry about him dieing . The graphics are the best I have ever seen . Not just the combat graphics , but your palidians and knights look soooo cool.Also you can make up your own move ! You can design the handle and the more money you put in to it , the better it is.I put in 200000 $ and gave it to my worst person.After two lvls I let her kill everybody on.She was on lvl 20 . Another thing is you get to relize how much animals you get . you can get a cat and ivlove to a tiger and so on and so forth . The traing is quite easy and makes it funnier becasue you get A LOT of Master Seals and so on.The game goes up and down in how hard it is.But most of the game is easy.I 'm on chapter 22 . Got to go .
 I love this game . It 's unfortunate that it is so expensive now-a-days because gamecube games disappeared off the face of the earth . But fire emblem was worth the price I had to pay to get it . It is a timeless story . It has exciting and innovative gameplay , and is just all around a game for the age . It has remarkable replay value , and I 'd recommend it to just about anyone who enjoys great RPG and strategy games .
 I have n't played a Fire Emblem game before this one as I was still new to the gaming scene . I choose this game because I love a good story and strategy games.Although the replay value goes down a bit , unless you are willing to uncover the many dialogues between different characters , it 's the same maps , enemies , and of course the ending . There could be slight deviation in terms of what kind of weapons , who dies , levels up , and etc , but in the end it 's the same.Unless you really dig the story first and second time through . The voice acting in cutscenes -LRB- which are ... really , really rare -RRB- feel out of place , and have to say the English dubs are ... bad . But ! the story and gameplay is solid.Just not that much replay value . That 's all . But you should play this game to follow the story of Ike -LRB- the protagonist -RRB- if you plan to or have played it 's sequel
 This is a great game !! There are lots of new units like dragons and the story line is prety good . It has the weapon triangle like the rest of them , but the magic triangle changed which stinks . But , still in this one , you can give your units extra experience , you get to forge your own weapons , and you can change the color which is cool . The graphics are a bit better . But , still the same types of batte maps . Overall , this game is awesome !!!
 I do n't care if you say that you are not a perfectionist , this game will bring out that side of you . It creates the need to have your entire group survive from battle to battle . I have played a battle over and over till I figure out a way to have everyone survive . The story is good but not great . But it is just a lot of fun to play . I am tempted to go back and pick up the GBA versions of the game so that I can keep playing it while I am on the road.The game 's focus is on creating strategy . And once you have a strategy built around you characters , it will get tested over and over again . This testing will cause your characters to gain levels and suddenly you need a new strategy to handle more powerful enemies with characters that gain news skills as you go.I did find the class change to be limiting as you can cap out -LRB- as a class caps at 20 and you have two class levels so in essence you can cap at 40 . -RRB- . But other wise I wise buy .
 This game is awesome I mean it is so cool . II love the Fire Emblem games !!! Oh , and whoever is reading this , rate this review NOT helpfull ... I wan na see how many bad rating for my review I can get ... thanks !!! :P And if you need incentive ... er , you suck .
 Path of Radiance is an incredible game that I 've spent waaayyyy too much time on , simply because there are so many characters to choose from , and thus so many different tactics to use . It 's an excellent turn based strategy game that requires much more planning and attention to enemy movement capabilities than other similar games -LRB- e.g. FF Tactics -RRB- . The only real gripe I have with the game is the fact that you can not revive characters once they die , so you may find yourself in the position of nearly complete with a stage when an enemy gets a lucky critical hit on one of your guys and destroys him , leading to you beating your controller against your head / swearing liberally as you reach for the reset button and prepare yourself for another hour of the same exact stage . Thus , I only gave it 4 `` fun '' stars , because having your characters die is definitely NOT fun . Otherwise , I love this game , and highly reccommend it .
 I wo n't re-hash what others are saying but I 'll weigh in on the perma-death issue.This game is in fact loads of fun if you are a fan of the genre but the perma-death issue can be maddeningly frustrating . To sum it up if your characters run out of HP in battle they are gone for good . You lose them for the rest of the game because there is no way to revive them after the stage is over.While this adds to the tactics and prohibits kamikaze runs it can royally tick you off while playing . To play a single stage for nearly an hour while advancing carefully and thinking tactfully etc only to have a character die because for one turn you made a mistake and left a weak spot in your unit 's formation or some enemy got in a lucky critical that literally drains your characters entire life bar in one hit can drive you mad . I understand realism and all but this is a video game and video games are supposed to be fun and that is NOT fun.Again I did give the game high rankings and this game is a total blast to play but I 'll caution you now . The perma-death feature literally has the potential to have you throwing your controller across the room in anger and frustration .
 The only other game on gamecube with this type of gameplay is Gladius which is also a really great game -LRB- **** -RRB- but this is Fire Emblem -LRB- ***** -RRB- and the best in class.Fire Emblem is the best in its class because it has both the best gameplay -LRB- which is important for turn-based strategy -RRB- and the best story and characters -LRB- which is important for RPG -RRB- . Fire Emblem also provides a good challenge at any difficulty level and is worth playing again at higher difficulty setting . Even though the game is challenging it is not unfair ... you only take loses if you make tactical errors.The goal of this game is ultimately to discover the story of the game as well as optionally develop and discover the inter-personal story between each of the characters . Since you wont use all the possible characters in a single play through of the game this is another reason why replaying on higher difficulty does n't become boring because you can now use different characters that you did your first play through . Also some chapter/mission settings adjust on the higher difficulties like there might be fog of war , or a strong boss character that will move to strike rather than hold his/her position.Fire Emblem games date back to the NES and I believe there are over ten of them so far . Only three have been released in the US . Two on the Gameboy Advance and this one on the Gamecube . This one on the gamecube is the newest and has the best graphics , soundtrack , gameplay , story and characters of any Fire Emblem I have played . Each Fire Emblem game is a stand alone product like most of the Final Fantasy games ... as in it has its own world , story , and characters that are unrelated to past games.I highly recommend this game for anybody with a Gamecube or Wii interested a turn-based strategy RPG . This is the best game of this type that I have played or know about to date so you ca n't go wrong .
 Fire Emblem is a great game on it 's own . It has a good story with interesting characters . It has a fun battle system thats replayable . It even has some nice graphics once they grow on you.I think most of the reviews have done a good job with their descriptions . The only thing I think that takes away from the game is the ability to completely unbalance everything.One of my characters , Boyd , leveled up so fast that he could singe-handedly take any map on his own . All of the enemy units did barely any damage to him , and he would kill everyone in 1 attack . Titania , throughout the entire game , is extremely powerful . She can take any enemy on in 1 attack.Though these characters are very strong , my mages and healers turned out to be useless . They need to be rather close to the enemy to do damage , and , once they do get close , the enemy can kill them in 3 hits or less . My main healer , Rhys , died in one move because , in the first enemy turn , a bird came from across the map and killed him.The only other weak point about the game is the fact that the level caps are n't high enough . Ike , the main character , took maybe 6 battles to get to level 20 . Then I had to wait forever until I could change him into a lord . At that point I leveled him up to 20 again in a matter of 2 or 3 battles . I think that the game does have a good string of ending battles , but they could have been better had my characters were not at their max levels so easily .
 Intelligent Systems -LRB- makers of Fire Emblem and Advance Wars -RRB- is known for making awesome strategy battle games . FEPOR is no different . It is a real brain teaser , and some levels are tough to play and beat . Also , you will permanently lose a character if he or she is killed in the level . Oh , and if you do n't like strategy games or RPGs , then read what the game is about before buying it , and since all Intelligent Systems games are the same idea , would you really expect them to try something different ? All FE games before this were the same way , so for the game to be different would be weird . But anyway , this is perhaps one of the best strategy games ever made , and for anyone who has played previous FE games will be very happy with it . This is my first encounter with Fire Emblem , and I could not have been more satisfied . I would recommend this to anyone who has played FE before , or anyone who likes strategy games , like chess . If you like fighting people your own way , without strategy involved , then go get yourself Call of Duty or Baldur 's Gate . But again , if you 're a fan of strategy , then this is the game for you .
 This game is awesome ! I got it and could n't stop playing ! The graphics are awesome ! I played the two english fire emblems before it , but this one beats them all . The story line is pretty good , the graphics are awesome , cool new ` abilities ' or ` skills ' , and able to choose weapon after class change . The only con for this game is that if you 've ever played Fire Emblem Sacred Stones , you will find out that this game loses the choices of classes to change into . Multiple chapters or ` levels ' to play through , many recruitable characters , new types of magic , and a bunch of new weapons . There are also new classes , including beasts and ravens . I hope you buy this game and that this guide has been helpful to you .
 Not only does this game challenge your brain in the gameplay , but in the story as well . Inbetween strategizing , there is a an awesome story about class and race ; its political and social strife , rife with emotion . While the story is complex and convoluted , it never loses its logical train of thought.I have but one gripe
 Fe : por is the best gamecube game i 've ever played.A very solid stratgey game , here are the goods and badsThe Good * Excellent music , you 'll have some songs stuck in your head for days or even months ! * Amazing writing , really brings the characters to life -LSB- how good you ask ? Nintendo Power gave it the 2005 best story/writing award -RSB- * 3-d cutscenes , a first for the fire emblem series * Tons of unlockables -LSB- A music player , Concpert art from the 3 fe games , and bonus maps -RSB- * Over 40 playable charactersThe bad * the grahpics are not very good * There are only 6 cutscenes , which is one every 4 hours ! * The final boss was wayyyyyyy to easyA very good game , i ca n't wait for the sequal ! -LSB- note : if someone dies in the game , there gone forever unless you restart the chapter.I beat the game with no one dying , so it is kind of easy -RSB- But this game is short , i wish nintendo would bring the other 6 to north america -LSB- there are only 3 in the U.S. -RSB-
 Okay ... to start with , I really do n't feel that it 's necessary to explain the mechanics of Fire Emblem because you wo n't be looking for this game unless you already like games sort of like it -LRB- that would be strategy RPGs , in case you really do n't know -RRB- . That being said , a lot of the complaints people have with the game are just complaints about strategy RPGs in general
 Some people were expecting this game to be a fantastic adventure with amazing battles and great action . As great as that sounds , that is not what makes this game fantastic.Story
 Being as I 've played just about every gamecube game out there since its release , this is by far the best all-around game . The difficulty is at a level that anyone can learn how to play . As you play through easy mode , occasional tutorials will come up that are quite helpful during the time they come up , and present examples that are easy to emulate . Gameplay is pretty straight-forward . Mixing RPG and strategy elements makes this a very enjoyable game . You move your units around each level , fighting other units they encounter and receiving experience as a result . Ways of clearing levels are also pretty simplistic , which include killing all enemies , arriving at a particular location , or surviving for a certain amount of time . Graphics , sound , and the story are all outstanding , and I 'd like to make a side note that even though I do n't like anime , after playing a few levels of this I completely forgot about the animation.The only cons to playing this game are the cinematics and conversations between characters that take place between levels . There is little to no voice acting , which does n't really bother me , but some people might be turned off by the conversations that are very Zelda-like with the once in a great while cinematic . The only other downside to this game is that it is somewhat short , with only about 30 levels . Other than restarting levels due to mistakes , this game takes roughly 24 hours to complete . I wish it was a tad bit longer , but the replay value on different difficulties or forming different strategies each time through has made this game the only one worth playing , for me , for the past 3 weeks.If you 're looking for a game that will provide entertainment for hours on end , and is enjoyable for just about anyone , this is it . Even if you 're not sure about Fire Emblem games but might have heard of them , try this one . I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .
 This game is super fun and keeps you interested at all times . Its exhilerating and challenging . Fire emblem has an excellent storyline . I would recommend this game to any RPG gamer !!
 i 've played almost all the fire emblem games and i have to say i never got along with the main character they give you . until Ike . . i actually found myself likeing Ike and rooting for him to get stronger and he became my best fighter very quickly . in the gba games most of the main characters except lyn needed to be fed kills for a time till they could walk on their own but Ike does pretty well from the word go.this fire emblem has more characters in it who are relevant to the story which means on every play through you will most likley have the same group of fighters unlike others . and the lack of certain character classes hurts the game . you wo n't get a dark mage in this game and when i finally unlocked my assasin he was alot weaker than any other assasins i 've used . but i enjoyed the game alot , it 's a fire emblem and has most of the usual things that go along with that . which is good .
 This game is , in my opinion , the best RPG on the Gamecube . It is a straight-up challenge strategy game with a wide variety of interesting and complex characters , and some really interesting character classes . The game play revolves around complete a series of maps with your band of characters as you progress you are able to recruit new characters if you meet the necessary conditions -LRB- usually talking to them with the right character -RRB- . Fire Emblem can be unforgiving mainly because if a character dies they are gone for good , no life spells or phoenix downs in this one . This means if you want to keep your cast of characters you will need to replay some of the maps a few times . In between battles you buy and and forge equipment , engage in charcater conversations and distribute bonus experience points.This is a superb game which is great for multiple play throughs due to the size of your army every time will be different . I highly recommend this great game .
 This has got be one of the best games out there for the gamecube . The combat is simple and easy to learn , yet later on it soon get , s very complicated and fun at the same time . About 3 % of the story is done through cinematic cutscenes and the voice acting is good . The graphics are beautiful and colerful and look great . everything also sounds good too . The story is showstopping and full of surprises and in terms of epic it can be compared to lord of the rings . Overall 10 out of 10 !
 Ok , I will start by saying this is hard but it rocks ! The good
 Fire Emblem
 I do n't know why this does not have 5 stars as the overal rating ! Path of Radiance is fantastic !!! 1
 This is a great game , a very good mix of turn based strategy and action . You play by moving your team around the grid , choosing what to do and then see the results . -LRB- Turn based strategy -RRB- From there , they give you up front action of the players in combat , etc. . It 's a good fun game . The only down side I see to to it is sometimes you really wan na dive into the game and they make you run through this long history/lore of the game to give you some background . So far , I 've been unable to find a way to skip it aside from just pressing buttons until it goes away and lets you play . That is why I 'm giving it 4/5 stars . Aside from that , great game . I 'm playing it on my Wii with a GameCube controller and memory card . -LRB- Required if you play on the Wii -RRB-
 this fire emblem is one of my favorite games you can get many different things like get new characters for your army you have many different types of warriors which is cool the higher the level warrior the stronger he is this is a good game to think about what you will plan up next make sure your warriors dont die you also have different modes you can play like easy normal and hard the characters you start off is titania ryes soren oscar boyd you will have to find out who the other people you will meet yourself -LRB- smile -RRB- this game gets harder as u go on remember plan your moves carefully
 On the field of battle , there are ultimately two outcomes
 Fire Emblem
 This game rocks !!! There are so many awesome things , but lets start with characters . There are like 30 + different characters you can earn and unlock . One cool thing is that each character joining is different . Some only join if Ike -LRB- the main character -RRB- talks to them , some only join if you have someone of the same type to talk to them -LRB- mage , archer , knight , etc -RRB- , or , some just join you after the chapter -LRB- level -RRB- . Each character is different . Some have really good armor , others have awesome attack power some ca n't be hit , others land critical strikes 70 % of the time , etc. . In `` Fire Emblem
 Fire Emblem
 When the first Fire Emblem game came out in the US , I was thrilled . I loved the characters from Super Smash Brothers Melee and wanted it very bad . I got the game and played it an entire summer non-stop . All the plot twists , the character development , the leveling system , it waqs just all so simple to play and yet complex to win . You actually ha to have a plan going into each level . When The Sacred Stones was announced , I waited until the day it came out and got it . I did the same with Path of Radience.First of all , if you enjoyed the previous titles you will absolutly love this one . It has stunning graphics , hours and hours of gameplay , and cool characters . Finally a lord is cool AND strong !!! While the plot is straight forward as of level 8 , it still makes you want to know what happens next . The game also has several cool anime clips that are very well done.Here are the Pros and Cons : Pros : + Amazing Graphics +50 Hours of Gameplay + A good Lord for once ! + New classes -LRB- Animal races ! -RRB- + Interesting CharactersCons : - They took away choosing classes ! - Plot develops later-Annoying Music while attacking-Missing FE theme
 Pros : + like chess + excellent story + cool weapons + well-designed graphics + 30 + characters + no blood or goreCon : - lots of talkingWould you rather be a General commanding , or a foot soldier fighting ? You must ask yourself this question if you want to buy Fire Emblem . In Fire Emblem , instead of shooting , jumping , or running , you plan strategies . If you like punching you should look elsewhere , but if you like planning you should buy this game . What I like about Fire Emblem is that it has chess-like strategy , cool weapons , and a great story.Fire Emblem is like chess . It involves planning , strategy , and a knowledge of detailed rules . As in chess , once you lose a character it is gone for good . This limit has bothered other reviewers , but I like it because it makes the game more challenging . As in chess , each character moves in his or her own way . At every move , you must predict whether your enemies will be upon you or not . In chess , a pawn can not attack as well as a queen , but a pawn has its uses . Likewise , Nepheri can not attack as well as Trina , but she has her strengths . In Fire Emblem , you have to balance your use of strong and weak characters so you wo n't lose your strongest characters , but you 'll still complete the mission . So if you like strategy games like chess , you will love Fire Emblem , like I do.The many weapons in Fire Emblem give you a good variety when you choose your characters ' weapons . You earn money and buy weapons to keep up with your enemies . Your enemy 's pace forces you to work hard . You can create your own weapons which have unique attack stats . I like that you can change the color as well . After a set number of times the weapon will break . This limit makes the game realistic and challenging.I think Fire Emblem has a great story . The story is not complex , but it is interesting . You want to follow it as the story gets more absorbing . Characters have good back stories for added complexity . Your decisions alter the story . For instance , if Boynd dies maybe Oscar will take his speech . I think that this shows the hard work done by the programmer.In conclusion , this is a great game for people who like strategy and watching fights .
 Path of Radiance marks the ninth Fire Emblem in Japan and the third in the United States , and the series has gone on strong for at least that long in both countries . The last two entries , `` Fire Emblem -LRB- Blazing Sword '' , and `` The Sacred Stones '' , were amazing games , featuring long main stories , deep characterization , and the need for a strategic mind rather than being a shoot-reload-shoot some more game -LRB- * cough * Halo * cough * -RRB- . Path of Radiance succeeds that tradition as the first Fire Emblem in full 3D . Its story starts off a bit lackluster , but becomes more intricate and interesting than either of the previously mentioned games.Path of Radiance , however , suffers one major problem in the transition to 3D - it became annoyingly bland . To provide possibly the most jarring example of this , Joshua , `` The Sacred Stones '' ' Swordmaster , is capable of critical hits - for him , that means fading back into five translucent Swordmaster sprites , weapons drawn , each of which strikes the enemy one time then melds back into the real Joshua , who does the damage . Stefan , this game 's Swordmaster , simply runs forwards and hits five times , lacking the ability to draw excitement that Joshua 's sprite-based assault did . The graphics in the game do n't exactly push the envelope for the Gamecube either . Though they 're certainly bearable as games go , nothing truly made my jaw drop as I played.If you liked one or both of the GBA Fire Emblems , I suggest you rent this one to see if you like the changes before buying it . If you do n't but have a passing interest in strategy games , Advance Wars , Marth , Roy , etc. buy this one and go back to the Gameboy games afterwards .
 This may be one of my favorite games ever . Here are its pros and cons.Pros :1 . It has a good plot .2 . There is also a strong main character that you do n't have to worry about dying .3 . You need to use at least some strategy to win .4 . Pick who you want to fight in each battle from out of a possible 43 characters .5 . Good art and cut scenes .6 . A lot of hours of gameplay .7 . Good replay value . If you 're bored you can make a new game and try using different people and strategies.Cons :1 . Can be confusing at first .2 . A little to much talking between the battles . Sometimes , when I would be in a hurry , I would have to skip the plot in order to save the game.Can go either way : When a character dies in battle you ca n't get him back . Instead you have to restart the level . However it also adds more strategy to the battles .9 / 10I beleive this game is worth buying .
 This is by far , the best game I 've ever played . I could n't stop . I 'd play until 11:00 at night and get up at 4:00 to make up for the lost hours at school . I 've almost beaten twice . I think the second time is even better . You try to upgrade the units you left out during your first run at it.Anyway , it centers around a new mercenary named Ike . His father is the leader of the group . Well , while out on a patrol , they run into their country 's princess and learn their country is being conquered . So they flee to a country called Begnion to look for support to Liberate Crimea . To find out the rest , you 'll have to play it . During the game you can award extra experience points you earned on the battlefield and have support conversations with forty-something characters -LRB- if they do n't die . -RRB- Overall , I loved this game . I hope Nintendo and Intelligent Systems come out with another Fire Emblem game for Gamecube -LRB- Revolution ? -RRB- As soon as possible , or translate all the Japanese versions and bring to the U.S. Until then I 'll play what I got .
 I only got this game today , and I 've only made it to chapter 4 or 5 , but ... I swear I could not stop playing this . One thing that has always irked me about games are the `` lives '' concept . Fire Emblem is truly unique in the concept of `` he 's gone , he 's gone . Forever . '' . For once I have to really think about my actions in a game , and this pleases me since I prefer games where strategy is key . One thing , although this is pretty silly , that I like about this game is the character art . It BUGS ME big time when you have no good graphic pictures of the characters you talk to . I like to know what a person really looks like . Plus the art in this game is just plain amazing . Ever since I 've started drawing anime , I appreciate this kind of thing more.I have not much more to say other than this is a great game and should not be passed by . If you like playing direct combat , however , this is not for you , as -LRB- or as far as I 've gotten -RRB- there 's none of that in here . Otherwise , buy this game !
 It 's a good thing that the actual game is fun , because I would be writing a much less positive review otherwise.Here 's why
 Fire Emblem Path of Radiance was my first Fire Emblem game . I remember how difficult it was to actually get this game compared to the other ones simply because the game is either a. -RRB- overpriced b. -RRB- bought used but not working . So now that I finally got a game that worked , I can say that Tellius series is still my favorite of the franchise . Overall I think Path of Radiance is better than Radiant Dawn and here 's why.While the plot is generic and all Fire Emblem games need a war to start , Ike is the first character to not be royalty an it 's his job to protect the princess of Crimea . The game obviously is sending the message that racism and war is bad but ... yeah.I love how the Greil Mercenaries are in the game . They seem closer than any of the characters that are royalty if you know what I mean . They all have their problems and struggle to work together . I think the downside of the game is that as other characters are introduced , the Greil Mercenaries fall into the background and only if you actually bring everyone who is a Greil Mercenary in battle do you get different scenes . The whole Serenes Forest chapter is a prime example of showing how close the Greil Mercenaries are . Most people do n't bring Mist in that chapter but if you do before a certain scene , she and Boyd actually get into a fight followed by a rather comical scene . Of course , the end of the game shows they 're still together even then.I felt like the support system was weak in the game . It 's nice to have it but it feels like if you were n't a major character , you did n't get that many support systems period and you have to interpret a character 's personality and backstory from the little interactions they had . I personally thought Shinon could have been expanded on more and its mainly based on interpretation on what happened in the time period or why he 's such a jerk.Alas , the graphics are a huge step in the right direction from the GBA games . The cutscenes are a first but I felt like the voice acting could have been better or even longer.This game is needed to get a special scene in Radiant Dawn , but given how fun this game is , who are you to not get this great game in the franchise ? XDOverall , this game is what got me into Fire Emblem and made me appreciate Ike being in Smash Brothers Brawl .
 Been a fan of the series for a long time . Finally got my chance to experience the gamecube 's title . Exceed my expectations .
 In a lot of ways it does show its age , but most everything about the game is still very fun and pretty addicting .
 A lengthy -LRB- my first play-through took me 44 hours -RRB- role-player that makes you think . Path of Radiance will constantly have you on your wits end constructing careful strategies to overcome the game 's challenges , especially because if any of your limited characters are defeated they become UNUSABLE from that point on . Calculations and forethought are what 's needed to win , and I like that in a strategy game . Plus , for a Gamecube game , Fire Emblem is gorgeous . The story is enthralling and the characters -LRB- which are my favorite part of Fire Emblem -RRB- are badasses you want to play as . Path of Radiance is a gem strategy junkies do n't want to miss ! I 'd buy the used game because , unless you 're a collector , $ 47 is worth it and the quality is still mint .
 This has been an amazing experience to play and has a great chance to be one of the best Gamecube games I have played ever . One of the best games ever too . Definitely pick it up as it has lots of everything you can ask for . Definitely up there with FE7 as the best of the series .
 This is a fantastic and near perfect game . The only minor imperfections are lack of some gameplay features that are added in the sequel . The characters are very interesting and unlike most games are not mere cliches to create gameplay . It does not have any fan service at all and is better because of it .
 if your a fan of FE well you will like this shift from portable console to home console . its really great story and characters that are intresting . its easy gameplay and worth beating a few timez to get new characters that you actualg koll during story mode its really good and some intresting twists and plots r hidden . by the way just making this clear this game does NOT star Marth from Super Smash Bros. . Melee .
 When I first got this game I did n't think it would be fun . Boy , I was wrong ! I love this game so much!I am a person who likes reading and this game has so many things to read . If you are a person who does not like reading , please do n't skip the reading part or you wo n't know what is going on . The thing that makes me really happy is that there is no cursing and no blood or gore . Also , it is a pretty long game so you dont ' t take like , 1 day to finish it . Even my mom likes it and that is saying alot!Last , the game has some cool movie scenes with actual voices .
 If you 've played a Fire Emblem game you 'll know what to expect . If you have n't the game is a strategy RPG -LRB- grid based RPG -RRB- . It is a challenging game with many hours of play and replay-ability on harder difficulties . There are beautiful cut scenes , though there are not many of them . The story is insanely in depth and one the best I 've seen in a video game . If you have never played a SRPG then this game can be a bit tough . The game requires thought and it actually feels like you have accomplished something after finishing a mission . I find this game better than the sequel Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn on the Wii . This , in my opinion , is the best gamecube game I have played . Worth the going price .
 This game is so awesome , I got this game on Christmas Day and once I the plastic off , I grabbed my GBA and put it in . There are a huge variety of game modes in this game . Although this game only has 15 characters , this game is very attractive . The characters are very recognizable . And unlike the first Road to Wrestlemania , each character has a unique moveset . For example
 Wow!wow!What a drastic improvement from road to wrestlemania for the gba . The game has got real fighters from wrestlemania 18 . Excellent graphics make this game flow.The sound is okay . But as always the main thing is the gameplay and im pleased to say it is immpressive . The wrestlers finishing moves are very realistic and there are new weapons if you choose hardcore.Something , very different from rtw -LRB- road to wrestlemania -RRB- is instead of playing a long career with passwords , you choose your title and fight just around 7 matches until you play for the title against the holder . There is a shopzone place where you can see your favourite wrestling t-shirts etc. . New wrestlers including RVD -LRB- mr. monday night -RRB- , Hulk Hogan -LRB- Hulkamaniak -RRB- and Booker T -LRB- Can you dig it -RRB- make the game more interesting . The match types include cage , lumberjack and a 6 man tag . King Of the Ring and Royal Rumble are also included . Very good game . I hope you have found my review helpful .
 OK , let 's be real . Of course this game is n't nearly as good as Smackdown Shut Your Mouth or the GameCube version of it . It 's GAMEBOY ADVANCE ! The game is great . . for a GBA game . You get just 15 superstars to choose from but the facial and physical features of each person is very realistic.Their regular moves are accurate to what each person has for the most part and the moves look great when executed . The special moves are accurate ... -LRB- The Rock does the Rock Bottom , Rob Van Dam does the Five Star Frog Splash , Undertaker delivers The Last Ride , etc -RRB- ... and they 're hard to do at first but you get the hang of it . To do the special move you press A+B at EXACTLY the same time in a tie-up . Yes , the game play itself is slow but you can expect slow-paced game play when you play GBA games . The game includes four titles -LRB- Undisputed , Intercontinental , Tag Team , and Hardcore -RRB- that you can wrestle for in championship mode ... no storylines in championship modes . Except for big time superstars like Hogan and Undertaker , you have to earn respect from Vince before you can go for main titles by
 Road to W.M. 18 IS REALLY GREAT FOR A GAMEBOY GAME . The graphics are amazing , and the entrances are pretty good , as well as the all the finishing moves . You can play in Cage , Hardcore , HandicapLumberjack , Fatal Four Way , ironman , and submission , king of the ring and royal rumble . You Can also choose from 5 different pay-per-views to make , including wrestlemania . The only problem with this game is that there 's only 16 superstars and none of them are stone cold . They also Shopzone , where you can get cool stuff by winning things like the hardcore , tag team , intercontinental , and Undisputed titles . -LRB- remeber this , to get a high enough score for pay per views , make all matches long and brutal with tons of moves -RRB- . Overall , this game ROCKS !!!!!!
 I got the game and it number # 1 . I enjoy it a lot.I am on King of the Ring on Pay-Per-Veiw . I love it.That all I have to say.PEACE OUT !
 I still waiting for the game.Even it has 16 superstar I still want the game there are so many matches I want to do badly.If I wait any longer I ` ll go crazy , very , very , very , very crazy.That is all I have to say bye .
 I think it is alot of fun.I do n`t have it but I think it is cool . -LRB- ... -RRB- . People should luv the game alot.I do n`t give it 5,10,100 , ora 1,000,000 stars , I give infinity stars.I would take excellect care of it . I want it no matter what . I like the characters that my friend told me about -LRB- Rock , Hulk , Kane , UnderTaker , Bubba , HHH , Nash , Chrishtain , Chris , Edge , and the rest -RRB- . I wish Goldberg and Stone cold was in it . I want to play Kane vs. UnderTaker -LRB- the Monster vs. the dead man -RRB- badly , so bad.I want to go to ShopZone to make a PPV match -LRB- like the Royal Rumble and the others -RRB- . I do anything to get it . I want to see what it is like . I always ready to play . It should always be fun . -LRB- WTWM -RRB- Road to WrestleMania should be cool game . That all I wanted to say.BUY THE VIDEO GAME .
 this game is so fun baby . i got it last week . it has better graphics than road to wrestlemania . and kane , undertaker , the rock are still on there i git it infinity stars .
 hey amazon costumer who says you wish goldberg and stone cold were on there . in march 2002 when wrestlemania x8 happend goldberg didnt wrestle . goldberg didnt wrestle until april 2003 in the wwe . but stone cold steve austin did wrestle at that time . he wrestled aganst scott hall at wrestlemania x8 . and i wish they put stone cold there too . thats the only thing i agree wish you with .
 I tired of waiting I waiting.I think I ` ll go crazy in 100 more days.I thought I get it on Easter but I was wrong.I never going to get -LRB- WRTW X8 -RRB- . When ever I think about I feel sick.I going to sceam if I do n`t get it ever . I hate feeling like this.I think I ` m going to puke.I hate not having the game.I want to play Kane vs.The UnderTaker , RVD vs.Booker T , Rock vs.HHH , and Bubba vs.Kane , mean I want to play so badly.Do U know how badly I want to play , from a scale to 1 to 10 . I try to get to be bad.It is driving me nuts . I at least want to rent it.I keep acting speacial to get the game.It so many reson why I want it.I keep hurting myself because I want the game badly.I ` ll write later I ` m about to cry because I do n`t have the game.So see U later .
 This basketball game is as close as it gets to the real NBA . The game lets you play through a season or multiple seasons in Franchise mode . You can trade , draft , and sign players just like in the real NBA . For stats fans this game keeps track of team stats , player stats , and many other kinds of information . On the court players play just like in a real NBA game . You can pass , shoot , dunk , and do other basketball moves . They all look realistic and smooth . During the game you hear the announcer and commentators say things just like in a real NBA game on television . If you are looking for a real simulation basketball game , this is the perfect game you are looking for .
 This game is the most realistic basketball game ever made for the GameCube . It plays like a real NBA game . Franchise mode is a blast with great stats and other features to make it as close to a real NBA season as possible . You can trade/sign players . It also has an all-star voting system to determine who 's going to the all-star game . After each season you can do off-season things like rookie scouting , sign free agents and training . The game also has a Street mode that 's highly addictive . This is a classic game that has many special features such as the ability to create a team and play it in Franchise mode . It 's a must-have if you 're a real NBA fan .
 This is the perfect game for hoops fans looking for a sim b-ball game . In this game you have to play like real NBA players in order to win games . You have to pass the ball around to find an open shot opportunity . The realism does n't just stop there as you have playbooks to call plays during games . Every move in this game is realistic . The fans boo and cheer accordingly . With numerous features to keep you entertain such as Street mode this game is a must for real hoops fans !
 This game has many improvements over last year 's game . The high shooting percentages have been toned down to be more realistic . The transition game has been improved so that players do n't stop to catch the ball when running a fast break . The post game now allows players to fight for position on both offense and defense . Goaltending problem has been fixed , as well , and calls occur a lot less in this game . Furthermore , the physics system has been revamped to allow more realistic animations during games . New to this game is the ability to save loose balls going out of bounds , more dribble moves , and mid-air shot adjustment . Also new is the ESPN presentation style that is mimic throughout the game . The graphics is greatly improved with new player models and three-dimensional crowd in the front rows . Players now can sweat if they play for a long time . Other improvements in this game include more street courts , rookie scouting , the ability to hire coaches , and C-Stick passing similar to that found in NBA Courtside 2002 . Overall , this game is better than last year 's edition , NBA 2k2 . Many problems from that version has been fixed in this game . In addition , this game has many welcome new features that adds a lot more depth to it . Basketball fans looking for a true simulation basketball game should definitely get this game for their GameCube .
 This game is by far the most realistic basketball game released for the GameCube . It has awesome gameplay . Players can perform hundreds of realistic animations during games . The graphics in this game is superb . The sound department is very well done , as well . The atmosphere during games is great with basketball sounds , music , fans cheering , and players chatting . The commentary has a variety of lines to say and the announcer calls names of players making baskets during games . The game offers some cool gameplay modes such as Franchise mode and Street mode . Franchise mode gives you the chance to guide a team from the bottom to the top . You can sign , trade , and draft players to help your team win championships . After each season you see many awards given out to the best players . In Street mode you can play games on a variety of street courts across the nation . With almost no rules it allows you to play street-style basketball with killer crossovers and thunderous slam dunks against any opponent you like . If you have n't played this awesome game you must get it because it 's a classic basketball game that ca n't be missed !
 This game is perfect for basketball fans . There are many awesome features in this game such as Create-a-Team and Create-a-Player . There is also a Franchise mode that allows you to take a team through multiple seasons . Concerning gameplay , the game feels very realistic . All the moves that players do during a game look smooth and real . The sound in this game is also very good . The commentary team always has something to say but they rarely repeat a line . This is a very deep basketball game that is almost perfect in every way ! It has excellent graphics and offers many incredible features . Combine that with the ESPN Presentation and you get the most realistic basketball game on the GameCube !
 This awesome basketball game plays almost like the real thing ! It 's so realistic that people who have never played it might think that they are watching a real game ! All the moves that players do from dribbling the ball to throwing an alley-oop look extremely real . The graphics in this game is incredible . Everything look crisp and clean . Players even sweat when they have played for long minutes on the court . The crowd looks lively and they cheer when the home team make a big play and boo when the opposing team make a big play . The crowd 's reaction during the game is very appropriate . The sound in this game is excellent ! The commentary is varied and never grow old . The music in the game is equally good . They are appropriate and very pleasing to the ears . The two main gameplay modes has returned with added features . Franchise mode is now deeper with new features such as rookie scouting and the ability to hire/fire coaches . Street mode now has been improved and includes new street courts with interactive crowds . Overall , this game is a lot better than last year 's edition . It 's the best basketball game I have played because it plays and feel closest to the real NBA games . The ESPN Broadcast Presentation makes it feel like you are watching it live on ESPN ! In addition , it has many great features that gamers will enjoy such as the ability to create teams to play in Franchise mode !
 This game is by far the most realistic basketball game on the GameCube . NBA2k3 is a big improvement over last year 's game . Every aspect of basketball represented in this game have been tweaked to near perfection . The game now boasts some new moves such as the ability to dive for loose ball going out of bounds and C-Stick passing . On top of that , the ESPN Presentation is awesome . It is well implemented and makes the game menus a lot more pleasing to look at . There are even codes to unlock secret teams hidden in the game.GRAPHICS
 This is the most realistic basketball game for the GameCube . It has great graphics . The animations feel realistic and shooting percentages tend to be a little more reasonable compare to other games . This game also has good sound . The music and commentary are quite good . Players , coaches , and fans make appropriate chatters and noises during games . There is also a Street mode where players can pull of awesome moves against opponents . The ESPN Presentation in this game is very cool . It provides detailed observations of teams and players during games . Overall , this game is the best basketball game for the GameCube and can not be missed !
 This is the best basketball game I have played ! It has great graphics and lots of stats . There are awesome gameplay modes such as Street mode and Franchise mode . It 's very fun to play against friends on street courts across the States . Franchise mode is very deep and detailed with things like rookie draft , nightly wrap-up of NBA games , free agency and much more ! This game is way better than NBA Live 07 ! If you do n't mind the outdated rosters then this game is perfect for the 2006-2007 season .
 This game has great graphics . The players faces look incredible . The commentary is very detailed and none-repetitive . I like Franchise mode where you can hire coaches and scout rookies . It 's a very deep mode , and it will keep you playing for hours . There is also a Street mode where you play against any player you want on courts based on real street courts such as Rucker Park . Overall , this game is a must-have even though it 's old because it 's one of the best basketball games ever made !
 This is the best Basketball game money can buy so do n't miss it ! If you have an Xbox with Xbox Live get it on there so you can take the competition online .
 the dreamcast was n't that good of a system . I felt like i had wasted my money . Until the NBA 2K series came about . Ea , which makes Madden , has been making a far superior product wtih Live each year . the 2K series , with some minor problems , has really captured the sense of basketball . The tradition continues on the other platforms . NBA 2K3 rocks , plain and simple . The extended franchise mode is a wet dream for those basketball junkies like me . The graphhics look oh so good . The crowds now look good , the commentary is WAY improved . Some minor problems , like in the other ones , such as some shots that should make it do n't . But it 's no big deal . Only those without game cry about the shot not going in . Buy this game and root for the Clippers to make it in the playoffs .
 I Love The Basketball Games And This Is The Best
 I 've grown up on EA Sports games ... from Lakers vs Celtics & The NBA Playoffs through the NBA Live games -LRB- Madden football , Triple Play baseball -RRB- . They were always far above any of the others ... until I bought a Dreamcast and Sega 's NBA 2K1 ... then a Gamecube and NBA 2K2 . 2K2 is the best basketball game I have ever played !!!!!!! 2K1 is easily in second place . No doubt about it . So naturally I bought 2K3 the day it came out . Much to my suprise it is not nearly as good as 2K2 . I have only played it 2 times ... the first day I bought it . It is slower , the moves are not nearly as fluid/natural as on 2K2 , the graphics , though better , are somewhat annoying at times -LRB- such as glare from the court and cameras in the crowd -RRB- , the dunks do not look nearly as real , posting up is not as fun , getting in the passing lane for steals is more difficult/non-realistic , the menu screens are overdone ... the gameplay is way below the standard set with 2K2 . I am very disappointed ! The only thing that really interests me about this game is that it you will be able to import your college b-ball lineups from the upcoming Sega NCAA Basketball 2K3 game ... not enough for me though . NBA Live 2003 -LRB- though I hated Live 2002 on PS2 for a lot of the same reasons mentioned above -RRB- is in the mail and on it 's way to my house ... hopefully it provides better results . We 'll see which one ends up on Ebay in a week ... or maybe I 'll go back to 2K2 until they work out these problems . I do not care how good a game looks ... ultimately it comes down to how it plays . 2K3 is not worth my playing time .
 Ok , for all those people who are n't good at playing video games and would like to stick to the unrealistic NBA live 2003 where it takes you 3 seconds to get down court , stay off this game . NBA 2k3 is a great game . I could do the franchise mode all day ! There is great graphics , and great gameplay . The ESPN setting makes it even better . For sega sports fans this is a great buy !
 I would like to call a timeout for those who think that 2K2 is better than 2K3 ... I mean COME ON ! Nba 2K3 is by far THE game on the market.Sega has made sooo much improuvment ! the franchise mode is just too deep to not love it . Also , the controls and graphics are perfect . What 's great about it , is that we can really feel that it is a NBA simulation . SHAQ is big and strong inside , Ray Allen will knock the 3 everytime he 's open , and if you play home , the croud will help you a lot . I do n't understand how can last year 's game be better than 2K3 . Anyways , I 'm rating a 5 stars for this great game , period
 Let me just start by saying I 've been playing B-ball video games since atari 2600 and I have owned almost every B-ball game that has come out since then . I have to say after playing the newest version of 2k3 for the first time ... it was absolutely jaw dropping . I 've never seen a simulation this fantastic . The physics are outstanding and the graphics are terrific too . The sound it very good -LRB- except for the announcers ... too repetitive -RRB- and the franchise mode and street ball modes alone make the game worth getting . The dunks , the signature moves , the sounds of the court are all unbelievable . I did a dunk with Michael Jordan that I 've seen him do a thousand times on Come Fly With Me and it was exactly like the real deal with scary precision . The rim breaks away , the net moves in perfect harmony with the ball , the on court collisions are extremely life like . The players faces are virtually dead on and the courts are almost perfect replicas of the real ones . I 've heard a lot of people saying it 's too slow and the passing -LSB- stinks -RSB- compared to NBA Live 2003 , but there are a ton of slider bars to adjust and tailor the game the way you like to play it . Anything from turning off injuries and fatigue to improving the passing to keep the flow of the game going . The gameplay is also outstanding . The only thing I can say bad about this game . . and it 's not really bad it just needs improvement ... is the difficulty of free throws is still set way too easy , and the rebounding still needs a little more realism , but other than that I do n't see how NBA 2k4 could be any better than 2k3 . My personal recommendation get this game , and do n't be fooled into getting NBA Live 2003 because NBA 2k3 is so much better . I say this mainly because it will fit any taste ... if you like hard hitting fatigue , injuries , realistic shooting percentages this game has it , and if you like run and gun never miss a shot dunkathons you can adjust the settings to have that too . Simply put this game has it all ... do n't waste your money on NBA Live 2003 get NBA 2k3 .
 This is the best basketball game made because if has many more features in it than nba live 2003 . This game is also better han any basketball game now because the franchise mode is incredible because you make your own ways through the nba , like you coach your team , play with your team , make your own player , and win titles back to back if you are lucky.It also has street mode where you mix up players from any team and play on some of the geatest courts some nba stars played on when they were young.overall this is a good game when you play it . it might be the best basketball game you played and trust me I have it so go out and buy it I 'm sure you are going to have fun playing it .
 i wrote a review of this game a couple of months ago and after starting to play this game again have changed my mind . i thought before it was slow and the passes were too balloon like . but i have started playing the game on fast mode which i believe brings the game up to regular speed and brings back some of the fast break points . fast mode does n't make it like nba live , it just makes it regular nba speed . this game is very real . just watch the passes and watch how the computer plays at times -LRB- penetrating and dishing out -RRB- . although the computer does n't know how to handle a zone -LRB- jacking up three point shot with whoever is at the top of the key -RRB- . the only thing to watch out for is the game freeze on franchise mode . this will drive you crazy
 HOOP fans all over the globe ditch the stupid nba live to go to a better game I like to call NBA2k3 . Brings realness and dunks that make you want to scream . This game is so good it will make your pants fall off . Good modes . Graphics 8out of 10 . Gameplay 10 out of 10 . Realness 10-10 . Not perfect but as close as its going to get till next year .
 This game is nearly perfect in every aspect of basketball . It has great gameplay , graphics , sound , and control.Gameplay
 If you like basketball then this game is definitely for you . It 's the most realistic basketball game ever made for the GameCube . The players look very much like their real-life counterparts . All the moves that real NBA players do such as crossover dribbles , alley-oops , and 360 dunks can be done in this game . The moves look very real just like you see on television . In this game you can choose to play a season , multiple seasons , or play on street courts . In Season and Franchise modes the game keeps lots of statistics including league leaders , team standings , injuries , and much more . You can trade , sign , draft , and edit players . You can also sign coaches and do rookie scouting . The game even let you create players and teams . I have played many basketball games but this one is by far the best basketball game in terms of gameplay . It 's an awesome game that also has many cool features such as the ESPN style presentation to keep you playing .
 Game is pretty fun for both kids and adults . Upside
 This game is fun , but VERY hard ! I had a very tough time getting all the 10 red gears on the 1st level . However , I got 5 out of the 10 red gears . Not bad , huh ? If you are a hardcore videogame player , buy this , or if you are n't a hardcore videogame player , buy this and just play for fun .
 I know that whenever I read a review for this game somwhere else it 's always by adults who giv it a bad score . If you like hotwheels cars you 'll love this game like me . Adults probably would n't like this game that much but if a kid you 'll love it ! Its so much fun , it has bad physics but thats a good thing because it weould n't be fun if you could n't fly off ramps and do amazing stunts using you controller . It 's adventure mode is fun almost like your favorite saturday morning cartoon and is worth playing . Kinda cartooney caracters and a nice little story . It 's hard to turn until you get the hang of it . The graphics are great and hot wheel cars look awesome but the games graphics probably wo n't be very good for adults . My favorite mode is battl mode where you get a bunch of weapons and beat up your opponets.If there too easy crank up the difficulty level ! Challenge mode helps you unlock weapons to chose from adventure mode and cars . Adventure mode you unlock cars and tracks . There 's joy ride mode where you get to cruise around any unlocked area . The areas/levels are HUGE ! One place called like Crankshaft bay or somethin theres this huge roller coster to cruise on and do loop de loops .
 Okay here 's the deal there 's a one player mode and a multiplayer mode . In one player you can either play Adventure mode which is the story . or you can play Chalenge mode which is simmilar exept no story and you can unlock more . There 's also practice races and battles as well as JoyRide wich is free roming . IN multiplayer you can either battle or race . There 's many cars too . Plus alot of cool weapons , like sonic boom , or ZapperCannon.This is an overall good game , but do n't expect it to blow you away .
 The Graphics are good . A wide selection of cars . Plenty of weapons . This is the number one game to buy !
 This game rocks !!!! The graghics are GREAT !!!!!!!!!! Sound is perfect !! I would HIGHLY reccommend this game !!!
 I just got MX Superfly and their is a preview for this game and it looks pretty fun .
 I 'm not gon na bore you with a long review . Let me just say that it is the most realistic hockey game i 've ever played , and I 'm very judgemental with these games . Blows nhl 2003 out of the water . Sega sports makes the best sport games .
 I have played EA NHL2003 and NHL2k3 is by far more realistic in the game play . The attention to the details of the game are excellent.My favorite features are :1 . You have to actually think were you are passing to and aim the pass accurately .2 . Fighting for the puck on the boards . No hockey game ever did this .3 . Scoring is not ridiculously easy like the EA game . These goalies mean business -LRB- excellent replays and commentary -RRB- Simply put
 I got this game about 8 months ago and I still say it is my favorite title for gamecube . If you want a game with an in depth franchise and unlimeted replay value this is your game . This game is so much fun . You will love it .
 NHL 2K3 Very good game . Graphics are well done the game play seems faster than EA 's NHL 03 . I like the real names of the arenas and the banners as well . The crowds look real and the gameplay is realistic .
 I HAVE PLAYED EVERY HOCKEY GAME OUT THERE ... THIS GAME BY FAR IS THE CLOSEST THING TO REAL HOCKEY YOU CAN FIND ... IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO BUY A HOCKEY GAME FOR ANY SYSTEM , THIS ONE IS IT !!!!
 I picked this up the day of release and it 's the most played game I have right now . Game play is untouchable compared to the other fakes on the market . I 'm an XBOX Beta Tester -LRB- user tag : whoSneXt -RRB- and besides NFL2k3 and MotoGP , this is the only game I play the majority of my time online . No Lagging , smooth gameplay and the best simulation basketball game yet . Abilty to alter shots in mid-air , cross over dribbles are better , pivot moves , fake passes , it 's all here this go round . This is recommended highly to all of those who wasted thier time and money on the arcade style play of NBA Live . Not knocking Live , but 2k3 is more of a `` real '' play action `` sim '' game . Right now my record online is n't too good but it will be even better by the time Nov. 15 comes and the rest of the country gets the chance to experience Xbox Live.Pros : Great Franchise Mode -LRB- even international players in free agent -RRB- 40 post moves200 different dunks110 offensive/defensive playsStreet courts are backOnline roster updatesonline player upgrade -LRB- hair , shoes -RRB- cons : whats up with the pass fumbling ? No more long passes down court to get the shot off quickly . majority of the time they will fumble it around before they get the shot offoNe
 Here it is
 Wow ... . I 've played this entire series from NBA2k to now and this series gets better every season . I used to own dreamcast ... but due to the change of platforms for 2K series I bought an Xbox , and boy was it worth it . This game is mind boggling . The graphics and replay convinced my dad i was watching a 76ers game at 10:30 in the morning . The dribbling moves bring that street feeling everyone loves into the game with many different crossovers and behind the backs . The passing is accurate to the person . While a guy like Shane Battier makes very accurate good passes , a guy like Jason Williams -LRB- grizzlies -RRB- makes very good accurate flashy behind the back no look passes . Also the dunking is amazing , and not over used . You can no longer just drive the lane and do a 360 tomahawk over a guy like Ben Wallace with Vince Carter , or atleast he wo n't complete it . Moving away from gameplay , the options in this game is amazing . Lets break it downFranchise - Lead your own team through as long as you 'd like as the general manager , coach and player . Hire coaches , put players on the trade block and receive offers , full statistics , and the scouting is amazing . You can view the lottery to see what pick you get . Scout players by position with views on their future , strengths and weaknesses , and comparisons to current NBA Players . Very fun stuffStreet - Added some courts , still just a lot of funExtra Teams - YOU CAN PLAY AS JORDAN DURING THE 90 'S !!!!! hes rated like 108 !!! Also the 50 's 60 's allstars , 70 's east and west , 80 's east and west and 90 's east and westBottom Line
 Okay here is my review and 1,000 words is not enough to cover this game . Bottom line here is great game with only a few things stopping it , best basketball sim I have ever played.Pros
 This game is awesome ! It 's the best basketball game I 've ever played . The graphics are excellent , and the ESPN 's commentaries are too cool . If you are looking 4 a game that provides u all u need to play like in real life ... . buy NBA 2K3 . I 'm a BIG NBA FAN , so I got this one . But this is very cool
 If you want a great NBA basketball game for Xbox that 's affordable and fun , then look no further . NBA 2K3 is a full-fledged NBA game and has all the features that you 'd expect in a quality basketball game-great gameplay , nice graphics , and nice sound effects.This game is also a really cool multi-player game . On my XBox I play with my brothers and you can play 4-players . This game is very comprehensize and there are a plethora of options . You can pick any team in the NBA , and play any way you want . You can make up your own players and play streetball . You can play a practice game or practice free throws -LRB- which are kind of hard , you need to press both triggers -RRB- . You can turn off all the rules like backcourt violations and 3-second violations.The graphics in this game are excellent . The use of lighting effects is really nice , and the game movements are very lifelike . This game definitely shows off the power of the Xbox graphics engine.Overall this is a great basketball game for Xbox . It 's a very good choice compared to the other basketball games for Xbox .
 I have played a lot of different basketball games for a number of consoles , all the way back to EAs first foray into basketball games with the Sega Genesis . This game is one of the best ever . One downside is that it takes a while to get used to the game 's game play . I started playing on the `` average '' difficulty setting , and promptly lost 10 in a row playing superior teams vs. inferior ones ! I put it down to `` easy '' and got the hang of the game , and am enjoying the game more and learning its secrets.Some valid complaints
 Unlike the other reviewers , i 'll compare the two best B-ball game on the market for ya . I got BOTH!GRaphic - NBA2003 had better graphics , smoother movement and brighter textures.Sound-NBA2k3 , cuz of ESPN !!! Value-2k3 hands down . I do n't know why ... but it last longer . and Online Play nuff said ... Gameplay - 2003 is more casual friendly , which means even if you 're not into Basketball you could still find some fun here . And with their innovative Freestyle right joystick control , its deffinitly funner.While 2003 could be funner for a shorter amount of time , 2k3 is the real winner if you took your time for Seasons ... . Which one 's better is really a matter of taste .
 I played this game a couple of times . My cousin in one of the producers and he has an early version of this game . The gameplay pretty much is the same as last year , however , the graphics are not . The graphics have been improved in many ways , the faces of the payers , the animations , the commentary , and more ! Unlike NBA Live 2003 , NBA 2K3 has become the best basketball game right now . EA Sports is going down the drain because Sega Sports are listening to their fans and doing what their fans want , which is better gameplay and better graphics . In other words , if you liked NBA 2K2 , you will definitely will like 2K3 . NBA 2K3 is worth buying it , you wo n't be dissapointed , I guarantee it !
 Nba 2k3 is easily the best nba game on the market . It is realistic , fun to play , and a great and easy to enjoy gameplay . The franchise mode is great and the players actually look like the real thing . The two small complaints I have about this game is that Kobe has a 70 3-point shooting rate . But because this game is so awesome you can change that . The other complaint is that every single game no matter who it is Kobe , VC , T-Mac , on J-Rich they miss dunks . One game my friend and I counted that I would have had an extra 28 points if I did n't miss dunks . Over all easily a 5 star game .
 -LRB- I am actually 14 but it only went to twelve -RRB- Outstanding basketball sim.Graphics
 This game is awesome , it has good graphics and other tight things . Like street ball , franchise and dynasty mode . All are awesome no doubt . NBA Live will never be better then this game at all . This is one of the best games that I 've ever played . You can slam and drive and shoot and pass . You can also juke like crazy . The free throw is pretty hard , but that 's only if you have bad players.So basically , this is about the best game anyone could ever want 2 own .
 Nba 2K3 is the best basketball game on X-Box Because its fun , easy to play , and you can play online againdt other gamers . All you need to play online is the X-Box stater kit and a cable . when you play this game you will be amazaed at the graphics and detail of the players . When you play online in ranked game mode it atumatically save your record and soon if your good enough you could have the best record in the country . When you first buy this game you might get a little bit frustreated about shooting but after a few days you will get the hang of it . This game hasit all even reallistic ESPN style , play as legends like larry bird , bob cousy , and many more . Now if you want to play like the super stars get in your game with NBA 2K3 and who knows i might be playing you onlin someday . I would rate the game 5 stars .
 i 've played all the basketball games out there and i only came out with one that is simply the best . nba 2k3 is worth your 50 dollars . The graphics are superb , and the player models are just amazing . the new espn license is amazing to . I like to listen to the commentators . There fun to listen to . it feels like their sitting on your xbox . The mascots and the cheerleaders make the game even more real . also , the crowd does n't look -LSB- substandard -RSB- anymore as it did on the dreamcast version in 2k1 , 2k2 . The crowd really look real and it 's fun to watch them bo me when im playing with kobe and dunking over tracy mcgrady at his homecourt . The only thing that upsets me is yao ming is n't on the game . Hm i wonder why ???? Oh well . You got the new rookies like jason williams , mike dunleavy , kareem rush , etc. . But the create a player mode is cool . you can create a player and begin playing in franchise mode and you can release him as an ncaa player . Or create him and then assign him to a team you want . I am playing franchise mode and its fun and challenging . ive created michael jordan and assigned him to the bulls . of course i created yao ming . I want competition when im playing with shaq . and last i created myself which my overall is 95 . i know ill never be a basketball player but in the game i am . anyway enough already . Oh and last , nba live is n't better then nba 2k3 . if you want a game were you always beat the computer and does n't look realistic then nba live is for you . but if you want a game that feels like the real thing and just makes you say wow this game is for you . period !!!!!
 I do n't have this game but I have played it very many times . It is very realistic and fun . The graphics are spectacular and I personally love the game . Whoever does n't have it Im telling you to get the 2K series . They are all good and fun . Continue to get the whole series until they stop making the series . Im about to pick up 2K3 for Xbox .
 Once again Sega Sports/Visual Concepts delivers with NBA 2K3 ! Graphics are outstanding , the players are so detailed that they even sweat as the game progress , the Gameplay/AI was definetly improved , and with DOLBY 5.1 the sound is very crisp . With XBOX Live , NBA 2K3 slams the competition!SEGA !! = -RRB-
 NBA 2K3 is a very good game . Graphics are awsome . Gameplay is way inproved . The only problem with the game is that the rosters are not very updated . There is no Yao Ming . Ohter than some minor eorss great game .
 This is the same as playstation2 verison i love all ov the 2K 's this has better graphics then playstation2 but this is a good gane overall .
 Best basketball game out there ... most realistic , challenging and fun ... street games are a great addition
 WOW ! This game has great graphics , great sound , and is jampacked with great gameplay ! The franchise mode sticks out to me ... its great and is complete with everything you need . Street is still there , but same the same courts are there . WHen playing street , you choose ur own players from any team ! The weather can be changed and the time of day ! The graphics are crazy nice !!! You can see sweat on them which determines the fatigue for each player . The sound is pretty good , Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound is key for good sound . So I say u get off the computer , run to any place that sells video games , and GET THIS GAME !!
 NBA 2K3 is still the most realistic bball simulation out there . If you like arcade action , get Live , but if you enjoy strategy and actually fighting for a good shot , this is your game.THE GOOD
 this game is excellent , good graphics.Crazy game play . I love it , you should buy it .
 I just read the reviews for this game and I just do n't see the fun in playing it.I will say that the graphics and intros are nice , that 's what the one star is for.I 've given this game many tries to convince me , but it always disappoints.Shooting , passing and driving are just not happening.NBA LIVE 2003 hits the mark for easy gameplay and you ca n't beat the original free style option , but that 's just my opinion.After renting both games , LIVE 2003 came out the winner , so I bought it.The rest is a waste of time and money .
 NBA 2K2 was considered ahead of it 's time . NBA 2K3 is really gon na be awesome , it 's gon na have Xbox LIVE enabled , and it just comes out right before Xbox life is launched in November . I highly recommend this game to NBA fans and every xbox owner as well . It 's also gon na have the ESPN presentation that was tested for NFL 2K3 -LRB- it 's really awesome too , you need to get it , IT 'S OUT NOW !!! -RRB- . It also have an advanced animation systemAdvanced Animation System -- Players move naturally and appear more dynamic with increased facial detail and lifelike expressions . Visit the Sega sports website to see their review .
 If you 're sick of the arcade-style hockey that EA Sports has been putting out over the last few years , do yourself a favor and get NHL 2K3 . I 've been playing video game hockey since 1992 's `` NHL Hockey '' for sega genesis , and this is what we 've all been waiting for ! In this game you have to use strategy to even start a rush into the opposition 's zone , and the goalies will stone-wall you the same as their NHL counterparts will . This game is hockey in it 's truest form ever on video game ! All the arena 's have been perfectly depected , as well as each team 's actual goal horn ! This combined with an ESPN National Hockey night interface , and you 've got the perfect game to keep every hockey fan busy until NHL 2K4 comes out !
 I have been playing hockey games on the PC and on consoles since NHL95 . Until now I have not found a console game I could tolerate . I have now found it ! NHL 2k3 is the closest to real hockey I have ever played . What makes a game good is flexibility . The sliders in this game make it fun for anyone . The designers have given us the ability to modify the AI even after starting a season , franchise , or even in the middle of a game . You can tweek this baby until you find the right skill level for you . The controls are more like that of the PC . I can chose the setup that lets me use the right trigger for speed burst , to me that 's the only way it can be done comfortably . There are just too many good things to mention about this game so I will just finish by saying ... EA Sports has just fallen way behind . This game sets the standard for video hockey games .
 I was a longtime fan of the EA NHL series ever since the Sega Genesis days.Well , ever since NHL 2000 , the EA series has definately taken a turn for the worse . With Sega NHL 2K series on the Sega Dreamcast , I saw major potential for greatness . The greatness has finally arrived in the form of Sega NHL 2K3 . Treyarch has delivered the defining experience of the game of hockey right down to the little details . Player movement is as it should be , every pass is n't perfect as in the EA series . . it 's all based on your speed and timing . Board pinning gives the game a whole new experience to hockey gaming in corner fights for the puck . The game handles very fluid and will keep you in amazement for hours at all the detail that was put into this game.Couple this game with X-Box Live and you have the best sports game to date . Pick this up if you 're remotely into sports or are a huge hockey fan in general . You wo n't be sorry !
 Best hockey game out there ... most realistic , challenging and fun
 This is the best game yet for Hockey ! I even know WAZ , Hdruery32 , and PenaltyBox , who are listed in the Thanks list in the Manual for the game -LRB- I dont know them personally though -RRB- . WAZ has an amazing site will over 100 screenshots of the game that are just plain amazing , and about 10 movies of the game . He just made one for the PS2 version of this game and it is the best ! The graphics for this game are great . The ESPN Style is really nice , and the board pinning was a great add to the game . All real goal horns except a few ... . Some goal songs ... And everything else is what this game has ! I mean , the last time EA actually made a decent hockey game was in 2000 for NHL 2000 . Then 2001 was ok , and 2002/2003 just blew my EA gaming experience . Treyarch has done a wonderful job on this game , and I am glad ! I have thanked them very much . I even have made custom covers for this game I am so excited ! This game is going to be awesome for the XBOX !! I just know it ! Have any questions about the game ?? I can answer them all . Just ask , and Ill answer ! The online play for this game is amazing also . Check out www.thunderpuck.com for more info on this game , and to see WAZ 's site !
 I can not tell you how happy I am that SEGA has brought back their NHL2K franchise . I enjoyed NHL2K and NHL2K1 immensely on my old Dreamcast . Last year however , as an XBOX owner I only had one option . That option being EA Sports ' NHL2002 . Now , I will hand it to EA for their presentation ; it is unmatched . The players on the EA game actually look like who they 're supposed to be . It looks like Steve Yzerman , or Mario LeMieux , or whoever , and the animations are great . However , I have always been letdown by the gameplay on EA sports games -LRB- Madden included -RRB- . While the SEGA game has the old generic polygon looking face that could be anybody and is not as flashy with the animations , etc , it is instantly forgiven because they got the most important thing right
 I brought this for my hubby , although I have had my share of enjoyment with it . I find it to be one of the better Live enabled sports games . Highly recommend . One of the games that the `` boys '' frequent when they are here .
 Hossman 's Scale
 I have been an NHL 2003 fan but this years version offered very little over last years . Some of the movement and puck characteristics were better but the player control is awful , especially when using the speed burst.NHL 2K3 is the best hockey game out there.SEGAs NHL 2K3 kills EASPORTS NHL 2003 . If you already have NHL 2003 , rent 2K3 -LRB- up the game speed a tiny bit from the default -RRB- and you 'll see the difference . The game play is a lot better in 2K3 , including real play along the boards -LRB- pinning players , kicking the puck with your skates , throwing elbows to knock the guy pinning you off -RRB- .
 I recently purchased NHL2K3 and I must say I am impressed . Being a loyal follower of the EA NHL franchise I was a slightly apprehensive . But after two games were under my belt I quickly came to the conclusion that this is the best console hockey game to date . The game play is far more realistic than the EA version . That combined with the fact that the game is supported by X-BOX live make this game a must have for any sports console game enthusiast . The live interface does leave a little to be desired when choosing opponents , but the online game play is smooth . Go out and get this game you wo n't be disappointed .
 Sega 's NHL 2K3 has by far the most realistic hockey gameplay of any video game ever . The player and goalie movement is phenomenal , and you can get very in-depth with the strategizing with your offensive , defensive , power play , and penalty killing . There are multiple levels of controller function , depending on how precisely you want to control your players , and you can switch the button configurations easily . But there are a few drawbacks that keep this from being a five-star game . First of all , there seems to be some bug that occasionally calls a stoppage in play when a player is just skating up the ice with the puck . It 's not a penalty , it 's not offsides , just a nebulous `` PUCK FROZEN '' message beneath the little ESPN score box thing . But that only seems to happen about once every four or five games , so I can deal . Another thing
 Following up to the excellent 2K2 on the dying Dreamcast , this release will finally allow all the hockey fans out there to play online with XBox Live ! This will be the only hockey title to have this feature . I ca n't wait to play against my brother in Toronto and not have to wait for him or I to visit !
 Pinball Dreams is another fun example of why pinball games on Super Nintendo rule . You get to choose from four stages
 Bought this game when I 'm not riding my real Harley . Fun , love the ' 80 's music they use ! Good graphics.For the money -LRB- I paid $ 6 including shipping -RRB- you ca n't beat it !!!
 I found this game to be a great distraction on those cold , rainy days when I am unable to ride . The game loads easily and is a breeze to set up . If I had any negative things to say about it I suppose that it was n't compatible with my current desktop controller and I had to use the cusor and keyboard to control my `` rider . '' Other than that , this game most certainly works for me .
 Not a bad game , it 's old and hard to find now . The graphics and game play do n't compare to my xbox but hey where else can you find a Harley based game . If your a Harley fan you 'll get get a kick out of this game .
 This is definitely an arcade-type game . It has simple left-right steering controls , accelerate , brake , etc. . It is shameless Harley Davidson promotion with H-D road signs showing up every mile or so , and cheesy 80 's rock -LRB- Poison , I think -RRB- , but is a LOT OF FUN.You can ride up to your opponents , kick them off their bikes , hit turbo boost to go really fast , and you gain points to buy better bikes and equipment.After playing so many `` simulators '' out there which just succeed in making me more tired after a long work day , this is simple , relaxing fun . Rock on !
 I knew my brother Ron would love this the minute I saw it . What an AWESOME present for his birthday
 I got this for Valentine 's gift for my husband , which loves harleys and he is having a blast with the game .
 My 5 year old and I play this game . Its really cute , and theres a ton of stuff to do . 15 different levels and good graphics . my son loves the sound of taz burping an extra big burp but thats about as icky as it gets . All in all a good game .
 Taz wanted is a really cool game , because it has a lot of things that have to be done . You can unlock mini games and see many levels . You also get to fight bosses like tweety , sam , daffy duck and a huge elefant . The sound is great because it gives life to the game . The game is filled with secreat passways and catchers who will try to catch Taz . The only bad thing about this game is that the colors are so bright that they could give you a headache and taz MOVES SO MUCH that you could get dizzy . Also at first , the posters will not be so eassy to find and destroy , but you must keep trying . -LRB- ... -RRB- P > Good Luck !!!
 I bought this game like 2 years ago.It 's easy when you go against the bosses except for the last one.The last boss was tweety.He was hard to beat the game but i beaten it.Still the game is AWESOME !
 This game looks really cool . Sam has kidnapped she devil . Now taz-mania must save her . this has Daffy duck , selvester , tweety and more . I know Taz-Mania was a badguy alot .
 I 've played Monster Rancher 3 -LRB- for Ps2 -RRB- , and I think this game is better because 1 . Regenerating monsters is easier , 2 . You can go exploring , 3 . It 's easier to earn sertain monsters -LRB- Dragon , Durahan , etc. -RRB- , and 4 . Monsters do n't die , they can retire or turn into coaches , so you can train your other monsters more effectively.On the other hand , on Monster Rancher 3 1 . food is cheaper , 2 . You can battle your rivals more often , and 3 . you can train in different places.They 're both good games , but you do n't need to use other games to regenerate monsters on MRA 2 , and you can take it anywhere . That 's good enough for me .
 This game is fun , exciting , and easy to learn how to play . I got this for Christmas last year , and I still love to play . Trust me , I have a very short attention span and a complex mind and found this game great.Pros : * cool monsters to raise * tournaments to win * many secret breeds to unlock * many tasks to accomplish * lots of monsters to pick from * challenging for pro gamers * enjoyable for untalented gamers * rules are n't confusing * good graphicsCons : * people talk a lot * monsters only have 4-5 year life spansThis game is varied so that a variety of people can enjoy . At first it is Ahhh , uhhh , okay . Then once you understand , it becomes great fun.I had this game in fifth grade and my friend and I shared so much laughter and good memories . This is a good game for anyone , so try it .
 This game is fun , exciting , and easy to learn how to play . I got this for Christmas last year , and I still love to play . Trust me , I have a very short attention span and a complex mind and found this game great.Pros : * cool monsters to raise * tournaments to win * many secret breeds to unlock * many tasks to accomplish * lots of monsters to pick from * challenging for pro gamers * enjoyable for untalented gamers * rules are n't confusing * good graphicsCons : * people talk a lot * monsters only have 4-5 year life spansThis game is varied so that a variety of people can enjoy . At first it is Ahhh , uhhh , okay . Then once you understand , it becomes great fun.I had this game in fifth grade and my friend and I shared so much laughter and good memories . This is a good game for anyone , so try it .
 This is a pretty good game , it has a decent storyline and it kept my interest . I also really liked the new way -LRB- compared to ps cd thing -RRB- of getting new monsters by typing words on tablets in the shrine . Definatly reccomend it .
 The over all game is good . It does n't end until you decide to not play it anymore . It gives you a chance to try a lot of new monters , or whichever one is your favorite .
 The agme starts out with good game play , but after a while you lose the needed story line .
 I played the first game and it was easy but I wonder how this one will end Iwill be the first one to get Monster Rancher Advance 2
 My son 's new interest in aquatic life , particularly sharks , is what led us to this software program . He 's four years old and very used to working on the computer so we have quite a collection of software . Well , this has become one of his favorite programs for many reasons but mainly because it is FUN . The key character , Stanley , is very likable , smart , and determined to get his school project finished . His British/Australian -LRB- ? -RRB- sounding fish friend sounds nice to listen to and is a good `` thinking '' companion to Stanley throughout the program . The graphics and music are also very colorful and upbeat . Apart from just playing , I see that my son is also learning bits of information on ocean animals by referencing the `` Great Big Book of Everything '' during the game . The only frustration is that he wants to start every game from the beginning and if you click on a previously entered name the game picks up where you left off . Other software programs let you choose to start a new game each time . Nonetheless , we both like this program so much that I 'm going to explore other Stanley software . By the way , we do n't watch the TV program so it 's not necessary to know the characters in advance of playing . Just have fun !
 Not only has `` Stanley '' become our 3 year-old son 's favorite program on TV , it 's also the one my wife and I admire the most . The creative team behind `` Stanley '' does a remarkable job of making the show educational AND fun . However , we had modest hopes for this software , because other educational software titles we 've bought based on TV or movies have proven to span the quality spectrum from merely okay to downright lame.Wow , were we ever pleasantly surprised . `` Stanley
 My child is 4yrs old and is REALLY into video games . With pure triumph to win a game . Alot of games are not made for the youngins . He is able mess with this game longer than five or more minutes . I as an adult do n't enjoy it but he gets hours of pleasure .
 This game is soooooooo stupid . Seriously it is . The graphics are terrible , the gameplay is monotonous , the sound is repetitive and annoying . I mean , how dumb can you be to make a game off of a Dr. Seuss book ? Look at the cat in the hat movie !!!! It was a load of trash with just a hint of commercialism . What an insult to Dr. Seuss . Some good things are just better off left alone . Do n't buy it people , it is stupid . Seriously . I mean it .
 This game is incredibly AWSOME ! The graphics it has to offer are mind blowing ! And the storyline , as well as the gameplay , is brilliant ! I highly recommend you buy Vexx for the PlayStation2 .
 Vexx is an awsome game with stunning graphics , great gameplay , and a unique storyline . The PS2 version of Vexx is WAY better than the GameCube and XBox versions . Vexx is a very fun game that I highly recommend you buy .
 To your world of fantasy , a world that is filled with darkness and enemies lurk at every corner . Allow me to guide you towards your main goal ... REVENGE !!!!!!!!!!! This game is going to be awesome . From the previews at E3 and all I 've read , the trailers etc , this game will rule . In my book , it will put Acclaim , makers of Turok & the Original Mortal Combat , back on the map.Vexx is Mario with an attitude , and a serious mission . His weapons are awesome , his look is Fierce , he has no fear or problems of dispensing with the evil that surrounds him . Vexx should be a movie or series , the story will captivate you and keep you glued to your screen.Pre Order this baby , wait on line , look for it , sense it , dream about it , for soon , Vexx will be playing on your TV , and you 'll be hooked .
 Revenge is the name of the game.The point of Vexx is to crack the skull of the ultimate evil Yabu . He thinks its so cool to kill your grandfather , but he has another thing coming . It all starts when sneek on the enemies wind ship , you find these battle gloves named the astara war talons . They leap from the chest to Vexxes hands and painfully bound to his hands forever.When I first heard of this game I thought it would be a Spyro kind of game , boy I was wrong . Everything looks so real , the enviorment , and the chacters . I cant find anything wrong with this game , I rate this game 5 stars .
 From what I have seen and heard this game is going to rule the PS2 . The whole point of this game is to crack the skull of an a whole who killed your grandfather and went on his way feeling so good about himself that he killed him , well he killed the wrong grandfather , at the wrong time . i think this game is to going to kick ... . When I first saw this game I thought it would be a spyro kind of game , but boy I was wrong . I cant find anything wrong with this game , I give it 5 stars .
 If you are looking for a good , and fun , game to play over the weekend then buy Vexx . It is a very good game for the PS2 with unique gameplay , a great storyline , and good graphics . Vexx is highly recommended by me .
 Vexx is a very fun game to play ! It has hours of good gameplay , great graphics , and a wonderful storyline . Vexx is one of my most favorite games for the PS2 . The price for it is very good so do n't miss out on buying Vexx for the PS2 !
 I rented this game the first week it came out and I was hooked . I spent more hours playing this game than I expected because I just could n't get enough of it!THE GOOD :1 . Graphics2 . Challenging and addictive game play3 . Mammoth worlds with seemingly endless places to explore4 . Great character maneuverability and attack moves -LRB- with the exception of swimming ! -RRB- THE NOT SO GOOD :1 . Story line - They could have done a bit more to develop the story and getting me connected with my mission and my progress of my mission . Perhaps after collecting certain wraithearts , the game would take a new twist . There could have been more cinematic moments throughout the game .2 . Character development - They could have done a bit more to develop Vexx , the character . Such as , upgrading weapons , learning new moves , and perhaps seeing his personality -LRB- besides his vowed revenge for his loved one 's death . -RRB- 3 . Camera angles - At first , the camera angles were good , but as I progressed , the angles could have been better . I found it frustrating when the game would unexpectedly move my center axis slightly and would make complex jumping a bit too challenging .4 . More variety with bad guys - I think the artists could have designed more minions that roam each world . It seemed like I was fighting the same old bad guys each level.FINAL THOUGHT : A great first swing at a new franchise for Acclaim ! They have gotten past the initial development costs and I 'm sure they 'll be able to better develop the characters and story line in future sequels.For those looking for a new platform game , this one holds it 's own !
 We rented this game from the local video store . The environement you get to play in is beautiful . The colors are vivid but at times the it can get quite dark and hard to see . A cool aspect of the game is you are able to change the time of day while you are playing in an environment - that is unique ! There are many different options for game play , climbing , jumping , blasting , sliding , shimmying , etc. . Lots of ways to move and attack.Drawbacks : I have noticed some bugs with the camera view getting stuck behind the environment or in front of , so you can not see where you are going . The character is hard to control , especially while swimming underwater . That is very tiresome . Also , a REAL drawback -LRB- to me at least -RRB- is when you have captured a `` wraithheart '' , you are sent back to the portal hub to channel the power of the `` wraithheart '' into the portal . Now , if you are like me , you 'd rather accrue the hearts , then head back to the hub to unload what you 've collected , when YOU want to . . you have to start from the portal hub EVERY TIME you get a heart . You have to begin at the start of the level each time afer you 've unloaded the power . ??!! = 0 -LRB- I like to scour levels and really enjoy the hunt , but if you are like me , trying to keep track of where you 've been already gets a little hard if you have to start over again and again . Maybe this changes later in the game ? Lets hope . The load times are bit long too . Overall , I give this one a B.I think that it is a good game for those like myself who like the `` Spyro '' series . . but for now I would n't purchase it , I can wait untill it gets discounted . Same thing happened to me on Jak and Daxter , LOVED the game , VERY fun , but the bugs were bad so I waited till it was discounted so that I knew I was n't paying full price for a game I knew had issues.My advice is always
 How can some people actually say that a fun game like Vexx fails ?! Vexx is not only a fun game to play but its also very addictive . And this game has great graphics , sound , gameplay , and a wonderful storyline . Vexx is a very cool game title for the Sony PlayStation2 .
 Vexx , very similar to Spyro , is actually a pretty good game . I was entised to buy it because of the graphics and it has held up to the $ $ $ worth . Here is the game broken down from a 1-10 scale , 10 being the best , 1 being really , really bad : Graphics :9 Like I stated earlier , this game has no problems with the graphics that a re stunning and are basically eye-candy . Story :7 This is where Vexx started to struggle in my opinion . The stroyline was simply just not there and the character developments were actually pretty close to awful , but it still did keep me envolved , so I got ta give it some credit.Characters :7 This like I said above , along with the storyline , is where Vexx falls by the wayside . This has completely no character development , and Vexx never learns new moves or gets new abilities.Gameplay :9 This one was the major one that everyone analyzes completely . I did to , and I like what I saw . The graphics and emense scenery helped greatly as this game kept me playing for hours with the moderatley difficult play that while does not frusterate you too much keeps the right balance of difficulty.Overall :8 Game has downfalls , but lives up to $ $ $ , maybe more .
 This game is great . The gameplay is slick , the visuals are over the top and the user-interface is effortless . You can pick this game up and pop it in the console ... no reading of the instruction book required . Plug-and-play at its finest . I will not delve into plot details here , you can glean those from the editoral reviews and synopsis placed on the site , but I will say that this game is awesome!I like platform games , and I am particularly taken by those games that give me my money 's worth . I want something that wont take me 8 hours to finish . I want something that gives me 100 dollars worth of effort ... based upon the 50 dollars that I shelled out for it on release day.This game does all that and more . As mentioned earlier , this game is easy to play and requires no learning curve to be mastered . As far as presentation is concerned , we are given a deep and immersive enviornment fulled with lush visuals and some great effects . The lighting and changing of daylight vs nighttime cycles are great . The enemies become more challenging and agressive as the day wanes and night takes hold , so keep looking for those handy sundials to help tame the nasty beasts!The camera can be frustrating at times , by using the right analog stick however , you can alleviate this problem and most often place it in an optimal position . Filled with hidden secrets and riddles to decipher , this game will keep you occupied for quite some time . I know that it will be in my PS2 for the next few months and I strive for 100 % comletion and the unlocking of all its secrets . Fans of platforming ... get this game !
 He 's short , slightly furry and shifts fluidly from kinda cute to downright gnarly . No , not Danny Devito . That 's Vexx , the titular character in Acclaim 's new platform adventure game . The opening narration tells the story of Vexx 's people being enslaved by the Shadow Wraiths . When forced to work in the mines , Vexx lashes out at his captor . His grandfather dies in the ensuing fight , so Vexx escapes and stumbles upon the legendary Astani War Talons which fuse themselves to his arms . Armed to the armpits in gauntlets that owe at least some design elements to those seen in Battlechaser 's -LRB- a comic , for those not so inclined -RRB- , Vexx sets out to destroy the Shadow Wraiths that have enslaved his people . Whatever Vexx is , inviting he is not . He 's sort of a cross between a hobbit and a rat . From some angles and in some light he 's almost cuddly , but not quite . He 's got a disturbing , adolescent monster quality to him that keeps him from being cute even in his best moods . His pointy ears , odd facial hair and usually crossed eyes do n't come together well . From the cut scenes it 's clear not everyone of his race has this problem , so it 's all the more bothersome that the lead character is n't more loveable . The opening scene offers most of the needed exposition before sending you off on your quest . All that remains is a brief introduction to a character that will be helping you on your journey and some welcome , if laborious tutorials on the basic mechanics of the game . Most of your time will be spent searching out wraith hearts , which hold the power to open up more parts of the world . Substitute `` wraith hearts '' for some of the more ubiquitous platform game collectibles , like stars and coins , and you 've got a good idea of how you 'll be spending most of your time . Vexx 's world is a 3-D one full of platforms , strange , mostly harmless enemies , floating meteors and many , many levels of uninspired visuals . The levels are , for the most part , diverse . But they are n't always challenging and very rarely are they a sight to behold . While other platformers choose to be bright and shiny , post-modern , or even industrial , Vexx seems to be treading a line between all imaginable styles without accomplishing anything original or attention grabbing . The colors and styles switch a bit from level to level , but none create a lasting impression . The mechanics offer a little more variety than other 3-D platformers , and for that Vexx is to be commended . Combat in this type of game has , historically , been limited to the throwing of giant vegetables hitting one 's opponents with one 's ass . While these methods no doubt have their place and can be quite charming , there 's something to be said for Vexx 's ability to slice down foes with claws or juggle them in the air with repeated uppercuts and kicks . It 's not a deep combat system by any stretch , and the villains do n't usually pose much of a challenge , but it 's still combat and that has to count for something . The mechanics of playing the game are a bit rough . There 's a slight pause before any movement and navigating the landscape is sometimes clunky . The usual jumping from place to place flows well enough , and the game keeps moving at a constant speed . There 's also the issue of the camera , but to be fair it 's no worse than any other 3-D adventure game . None of these issues make playing Vexx unpleasant , but they are noticeable . One area where Vexx excels is sound . There is n't too much of it , which means there 's no constant , annoying musical presence throughout the game . The score chimes in with a moody string on occasion and an uplifting melody when you reach a goal . Vexx hardly makes a peep outside the occasional grunt of effort , and the same could be said of the bad guys . One could call it minimalist or just minimal . The bottom line is that it adds enough to the experience without trying to create an experience of its own , an accomplishment many games should envy . Had Vexx come out a year or two ago , it would have been at the top of many a gamer 's wish list . As it stands , there are several other platform games available that go above and beyond what 's offered here . While Vexx builds adequately on the 3-D trail blazed by Super Mario 64 , there are others who have taken the next few steps . If you 've played all the others and still have a jones for jumping and gathering , Vexx will take the edge off . Otherwise , wait for the next Mario , Ratchet and Clank , Sly Cooper , etc. .
 I am so tired of people talking about bad camera angles . There is n't a game that does n't have them so get over it . This game is one of the best platform games I have seen . I played all the way through JAK & DAXTER and SLY COOPER without hardly thinking . Both are great games but way to easy . Vexx not only is a great game but it is actually somewhat challenging . Not to say it does n't have it 's easy parts too . I hope to see a sequal . If you like PLATFORMERS you got ta play this .
 This is a very cool , very fun game - much in the vein of Ratchet & Clank and Jak and Daxter . The only problems were the maddening camera angles -LRB- tough to control -RRB- and the feshman swimming controls . And do n't bother with the Prima Strategy Guide . It 's very basic , dose n't cover the controls , and just skims over the walk throughs . It seems as if it was just slapped together to meet a deadline .
 VEXX is a great a game . It rivals any of the action/adventure platform mascots to Jak/Sly / & Mario . Unfortunately this 4 year old game that came out back in 2002 did n't seem to receive the attention it deserved . No game is ever perfect and this game has its minor flaws . It 's also beautifully constructed & there are other games that came out the same year & their visuals never looked as beautiful as this game . Give it a try . At this point it 's most likely under 20 bucks and a few retailers still carry this title . It 's such a shame and most likely Akklaim Studios wo n't be making a sequel to this game . Give it a try & you will love it as much as I do .
 Ok , 3 months before this game came out I saw a playable demo of it . The sales person told me I had to check this out it was Mario meets Maximo but only darker . Of course , after seeing the demo I bought the game when it came out . Vexx is going to be a classic on the same level as the Crash Bandicoot series . Vexx actually looks a little like Sonic the HedgeHog but with razor sharp claws that makes him good for climbing walls.The graphics are outstanding and you are in a true 3D environment . There is concern over the camera angles and movement but once you get use to the feel of it then it is really no big deal at all ! There are about 10 level to the game but you have to collect all of the missing hearts to advance . There are about 10 + to each level . The really cool and helpful thing about this game is that it points you in the direction you need to go to collect the next heart you need . The one thing I cant stand is when a game just leaves you hanging in a 3D world and you have no clue which direction to head next . Vexx helps you out with signs and a little hint as to what is coming up next!This game is really addicting and is good for kids , teens , and adults who love the platform genre of video games . I will continue to try and conquer this addition and wait for Vexx 2 to appear . As good as this first one is , there is no way they wo n't come back with a sequel !
 Vexx the game for PS2 is way underrated . I think that Vexx is a very good game because of the great action and adventure it has to offer . The gameplay lasts for hours and is spectacular , the graphics may not be the best I 've seen for the PS2 but they are very good and detailed , and the storyline is great because it is easy to understand and makes a lot of sense . Vexx is one of the best games for the PS2 in my opinion .
 THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE ! I THINK THAT VEXX SHOULD HAVE A SEQUEL BECAUSE OF IT 'S BRILLIANCY ! VEXX IS JUST A VERY FUN , AND ADDICTIVE , GAME TO PLAY . IT HAS HOURS OF GREAT GAMEPLAY , A WONDERFUL STORYLINE , AND SPECTACULAR GRAPHICS !
 Vexx is a very good game ! I love playing it for my PlayStation2 . It is very addictive and fun ! Vexx is a good buy . The price for it is very good too .
 Wow , It 's unfortunate to see people not able to get this game to run , because it is the best , most entertaining kids game my kids have played yet!After buying and finding all the other Monsters Inc garbage -LRB- the Scream Arena , and other games so convoluted and terrible that we took all of them back -RRB- , this one is pure gold . My kids play it every day , and because of the different ways to get kids to laugh in the bedroom portion , it 's never the same game twice.Stylistically , the game fits standard Freddi Fish kind of adventure gaming . Finding pieces , talking to various people , and clicking on everything to see the little animations.Amazing stuff , i wish every kids game I bought was this good .
 Just played the demo for about 3 hours . This game is incredible.The physics are awesome , the graphics cool , the soundtrack amazing , and the overall effect just crazy-cool . I 'm ordering this game now.The sundial effect is amazingly cool . I love my life .
 This game rocks ! The controls are simple along with the game play ! It is very addictive , and the plot is awesome ! It runs along the lines of Donkey Kong 64 and Banjo Kazzooe , but much better ! Graphics are simply one of the best . I highly recommend it . BUY IT RIGHT NOW ! I MEAN COME ON , YOUR ON AMAZON.COM ! BUY IT
 Vexx comes in at an odd time . After Super Mario 64 , and when ` attitude ' and games were trying to mix . It plays well enough , looks fine , but it just has a been-there-done-that feel to it.The models and textures look good for the time , but appear dated by today 's standards , games keep evolving.It plays great on XBOX 360 , and upscales very well.Not a lot more to Vexx , it is fun , but never quite lives up to it 's own potential .
 The video game `` Vexx '' has received many mixed reviews . For the most part people who did n't enjoy the game was because they found some levels too difficult . They also compared the main character Vexx to an alternate version of Mario , as in their moves and ledge jumping are quite similar . I do admit the game should be redone , it has so much more potential.As a hardcore gamer for over 13 years , I enjoyed this game to its core . A wonderous world with amazing creativity . A surprise around every corner . The portals that are gateways to different planets , lets you see all terrains . You can even control night or day . -LRB- Watch out for those worlds in the Tapestry , they trick the eye . -RRB- The music was amazing and the character Vexx was quite the `` Bad boy . '' Many think he is ugly as sin , but I find him adorable ... in a weird demon child kind of way . Full of angst . -LRB- I named my shiba Vexx ! -RRB- All and All , I wanted to state that everyone who is curious , to pick the game up and give it a try . You may enjoy it , you may not . I do n't think this game is for younger children since its more of a mastermind/puzzle game than just hack-n-slash . -LRB- Bit of both which makes it great . -RRB- Good luck ! - Roxxanne
 OK , I admit it - Vexx is a severely ugly character , and the box art is some of the worst I 've ever seen . However , beyond that , the game itself is the best next-gen platformer I 've played yet . The combination of incredible levels , skill-based exploration and platforming , enjoyable combat , and addictive riddles are unmatched so far . And all this from Acclaim ? Great job!Vexx himself is an awful-looking character -LRB- although he is wonderfully animated -RRB- , and the plot is disposable but the game itself is actually quite impressive . Combat does n't get old , and is rarely required , but it can give you advantages . Vexx has a variety of moves that power up his Talons . The analog control is responsive and accurate , whether Vexx is jumping , climbing , or swimming . The levels themselves are probably the best thing about the game
 I 've played Jak and Daxter , Sly Cooper , and Ratchet and Clank . I really love all of those games , but I think I like Vexx the best . There 's just something about it . The controls are very easy as far as his basic moves . I admit the camera angle is a bit troublesome at times but you do get used to it and can compensate for that usually . I 'm about half way through it now and look forward to working at it each day . It 's a really fun game . Worth every penny !
 Vexx is an incredible game , I 'm going out to buy it in a day . Everythings perfect , just like I thought . This is a must buy for platform gamer -LRB- which I 'm NOT -RRB- Amazing .
 Xbox finally has another good title besides Halo!move over mario , Vexx is taking over ; fantastic game play , awesome graphics ...
 If you want a challenging game where you get stuck all the time , being bored of a game because you ca n't find the hearts , and a game that goes absoulutely nowhere , then this will be the game for you . It has a bad story line , and it 's just a plain bad game , so if you like bad games buy this !!!!!
 If you do not have a Gamecube and love games like Mario , then Vexx is an awesome and possibly better alternative . I liked Vexx better than the new mario Sunshine . It is much harder than Mario at times , but after you have completed something , you feel like you have accomplished much more than you would with Mario.First of all , one of the above reviews said that there are 10 objectives in each world . That is not true . There are anywhere from 8 to 10 in each world . Each world is also massive and the graphics are awesome . One of the best things about this game though is the sound . the sound will never get old and is way better than other games like this . It does not support the custom soundtrack but once you hear the music on this game you will realize why.The controls on this game are also great . Combination attacks are way more fun than squirting water in Mario Sunshine . The enemies are also cool and about the right difficulty level . Most of the game you will be trying to get from one place to another by dodging things , jumping over stuf , climbing or any other way possible . This is one of the best things about this game . this is also the most aggrivating thing about the game though because a lot of times if you make a wrong move you will have to start completely over again.It takes forever to get some of the Wraithhearts . -LRB- which are what you are getting the whole game -RRB- So far every single objective that I have played has been enjoyable with the exception of the ones where you have to find 100 shards . Those get old fast . There are only about 5 of those in the whole game though and you dont have to get any to beat the game . You need 60 Wraithhearts to go to the final stage and there are at least 70 total Wraithhearts so you will not need to get every one . I have 43 Wraithhearts right now and am still addicted to this game , which has taken me at least 20 hours so far . This game is well worth your money and will keep you entertained for a long time.Well , as you can tell I highly recommend this game and so far I have enjoyed this as much as Halo and probably a little bit more . The only game that is better in my opinion is Splinter Cell but that is a totally different type of game .
 I bought this one with my girlfriend in mind , but now I 'm the one who 's addicted ! This game is so effective at creating an atmosphere all its own , and so open-ended in which objectives you try to achieve , it 's practically an RPG with a pre-made character . Explore every corner of every world and you wo n't go unrewarded.I love the combination of action and puzzle-solving ; the rhyming clues get stuck in my head all day long as I try to decipher what each task requires . I 'm amazed at the variety of tasks ; there 's a couple of basic ones that repeat themselves in each world , but as for the rest there 's always something new to try . I 'm trying to accomplish every objective in every world , and it 's going to take a loooong time.One of the few excellent platformers for xbox , far superior to Pac-Man World 2 . NOTE
 I have just taken my first peak into the second `` world , '' and have had the game a few days now . The game is an excellent value . The first world is enormous , the graphics are very nice , the tasks are challenging and keep you coming back to try again when you fail but not to the point where they are frustrating . This game offers so much , and is so cool , I do n't know where to begin . The controls are easy to pick up , and VEXX has a lot of interesting attack combos that he can perform . Swimming underwater takes some practice , but it 's pretty cool , his gloves act like underwater jet packs and propel him through the water really nice.Personally , and I have n't played all the other platform games out there , but I think VEXX is hands down the best platform game ever made , primarily because the worlds are non-linear . . VEXX roams free in each world ... in other platform games you more or less progress in a straight line from one way-point to the next and complete tasks along the way ... but in VEXX you just go where you want to go , like in a `` MYST '' type situation ... if you are familiar with MYST . The other thing that is really awesome about VEXX is the music and sound effects . In most games the music is more of a nuisance that detracts from the game , but in VEXX , well , it 's hard to do it justice , but in VEXX the music is so appropriate , so intertwined with the game , so EPIC in sound , and the horns blare and the music changes when you accomplish a task , sounding more triumphant as you complete it , it seriously gives me chills up and down my spine sometimes.Of course I dont know what the game is going to look like farther down the road , but from what I have seen thus far the TEEN rating is a little much , the game in my opinion is easily suitable for much younger than teens.One more thing about the game , and that is that it is a very fun game to watch other people play , almost like watching a movie . Really , if you are n't sure about this game , then by all means go rent it first ... but if there is even a tiny bit of a platform fan in you , then you will be buying this game afer you rent it . It is an exceptional game and an exceptional valueBest of Luck
 I bought this game based off other reviews here and found it at a used game place -LRB- ... -RRB- . Like many of the reviews have already mentioned , this game is excellent ! Movement , jumping , fighting , flying , etc is very well done . The variety of worlds and skills required to complete the tasks is daunting , yet fun . Some of the goals can be very difficult to figure out , let alone complete , so I would see younger children having a hard time figuring out more than about half of this game . My favorite thing about the game is the variety of each world . My least favorite thing is the occasional camera problem where it wo n't allow to look where you want look , but that is a minor nuisance and should n't discourage anyone from purchasing this game . Overall , this is one my top 5 Xbox games . It 's fun , it 's challenging , and it takes a long time to complete .
 if you havent played this game get your hands on it . rent it if you have to . It is fun . unusual story , great graphics and music . He is really a cool little character , that acclaim developed . you can go anywhere do anything unlike other games where you follow the story through phase after phase . its total freedom to roam as you please and Conquer worlds that have been infested with creatures . I was surprised . I thought it sounded stupid until i got my hands on a demo . I bought the game and it is by far my favorite game to date . We need more games like this!Rent it , buy it , enjoy it !
 I think this is enough to tell you that the game is great . This game resembles Mario64 and Banjo-Kazooie , but has the better graphics and more mature gameplay that you would expect from XBOX . The graphics are amazing , and the controls are easy to use . The characters in this game are amazing , each with their own unique traits . There are several levels in which the game takes you to places far and wide . From a Snowy Winter Wonderlad to a Firery Desert , you get the feeling of visiting places all around the world just by a move of the joystick . With a resemblance to the old and happy Mario64 and Banjo-Kazooie , this is a must buy game .
 Ok . Let 's start with the `` official '' game reviewers shall we ? One reviewer said that Vexx aside from modest cresendo 's has very little music in it . Ok , that is a laugh . The soundtrack alone is almost worth the price of admission -LRB- if you love enchanting flowing musical opus 's that is -RRB- . Graphics . One reviewer said the graphics were about a 6/10 and are `` fair '' . Ok , that 's a laugh , at least on the Xbox . This game is just as incredible as any I 've seen . Yes , I had Halo and got rid of it . Was it amazing ? At times . Was it fun ? No . Vexx is the most fun I have had this year , even more fun than Panzer Dragoon Orta which is also an amazing game.Control . Ok , here they got it right . The control varies . The control is only as good as the camera lets it be , which is n't always everything you 'd hoped it WOULD be . Big problem on narrow ledges . Be patient and you will be rewarded . You can work with the camera and I swear it does take some tweaking but you can almost always find the sweet spot . Trouble is YOU have to find it yourself , which is time consuming at times.Character . Here 's another area that is hit or miss . Vexx is cool , but does n't say much ... or anything , so far . The story is `` there '' if you look , but since when do perilous platformers need to win Oscars ? Not in my lifetime.Summary . This game is fun , has a touch of humor , it is HUGE , and is worth every last nickel I paid for it . And those are the highest marks any game can achieve . Just rememeber , this platformer will give you a new reason to yell out a four letter word , just make sure when the camera fails you in your moment of need , that the four letter word is VEXX ! : -RRB-
 VEXX is a great a game . It rivals any of the action/adventure platform mascots to Jak/Sly / & Mario . Unfortunately this 4 year old game that came out back in 2002 did n't seem to receive the attention it deserved . No game is ever perfect and this game has its minor flaws . It 's also beautifully constructed & there are other games that came out the same year & their visuals never looked as beautiful as this game . Give it a try . At this point it 's most likely under 20 bucks and a few retailers still carry this title . It 's such a shame and most likely Akklaim Studios wo n't be making a sequel to this game . Give it a try & you will love it as much as I do .
 This game would get 5 * s if it was n't so ... hard ! You see , there are 10 goals that need completed in each level , in any order , but they are by no means easy in any way . You can just do the easy ones at first , to get to the first couple boards . But then the goals just get difficult to the point where playing any longer becomes a horror . Plus , you have to start over from the very beginning every time you complete a goal . It is also tough to figure out what the goals actually ARE . They are stated in the form of 4-line `` poems '' that can be accessed at any time by pressing the BACK button.This game is not racy in-and-of itself , but is rated `` T '' because of the extreme plot line . You are a young bat -LRB- stay with me -RRB- whose parents were killed by a king , so now you vow deadly revenge on the ruler , and I 'm guessing that your quest is to kill him and take over as king.It 's a fun time , and a recommended title ; if you are willing to devote a WHOLE lotta hours on it .
 I just played the demo on the XBOX Magazine disk -LRB- feb -RRB- . The controls are easy to use , right from the start . Yes , the game reminds me alot of Mario64 , but with much better environments , and wall climbing , and that day/night thing is really cool ! Its not as cute-sy as Mario , but it has more humor . My only complaint is the camera controls/angles . its taking a little to get used to . Otherwise fantastic . 9 out of 10 .
 Attention everyone ! If you havent bought this do not hesitate ! the earlier ones are buggy . the newer shipments are great ! Plus ! Use these tips and dont suffer like me!u will find willow withies in hobbiton ! keep 'em till the old forest to free merry and pippin . and keep lots of mushrooms for after the old forest !
 I ca n't tell you as to who much I love this game ! I am such a huge fan of the books that it is based on that I had to buy this game the first day it came out almost , or already , a year ago . Now I am finally reviewing it with no cons what-so-ever . GRAPHICS
 This game is really fun ! The graphics are wonderful , and the buildings and landforms are outstanding looking!But there are some badpoints.When you move your chracter He moves like a slug.The battle system is turn based.Its not melee like the two towers.If you liked the battle system in pokemon then you might like this battle system though.And this game freezes a lot.You could have goten very far and it would just stop!But the fact that you can play as all nine members in the fellowship is REALLY cool!So : Buy it if you like : Puzzels and Organized battles.Don ' t buy it if : You hate doing missions and thinking .
 i should have listened ... my game froze i the mines of moria and i lost my whole file . BahJ.R.R . Tolkein
 Well , the game is ok , as long as you do n't want to finish it . Most of the game is just wandering around pointlessly to find things and getting lost a lot . The major problem is that at one point Gimli is invisible when you need to talk to him and the fact that every single game freezes up when you try to leave Moria . Other than that it 's well ... . ok for being Lord of the Rings merchandise .
 Being an avid video gamer and Lord of the Rings fan , I was excited when this game finally came to GBA as an RPG . But I was extremely dissapointed when I bought it . First of all , my first game froze every single time I got to a certain point in the Mines of Moria . So I returned it and got another . This game froze too , but at an earlier point . I avoided the place where it froze on me and kept going , but then I got stuck in Rivendell , and the elves did n't give me the right item I needed . I have restarted this game and tried to beat it 6 times now . It is not worth the time or frustration . The battles are sickening and mundane , and your characters only hit your enemy 20 % of the time , which means the entire fellowship occasionally loses a fight to a band of two or three orcs . You are better off to read the books and imagine yourself in them than buy this game . It could make even J.R.R. Tolkien himself clench his teeth in frustration .
 This game is great ! I could not stop playing it even when it was time for bed . I snuck played it under my covers . Only one problem . It takes forever to get through the dwarf chamber . Other than that , it is a great game and I recomend it .
 This game is excellent by having wonderful game-play and a magnificent story-line ! The graphics and sound in Lord of the Rings
 1 . It has great graphics and good sound-quality .2 . The game-play is unique .3 . And This game is packed with loads of fun because of all the adventure and action it has in it . `` The Lord of the Rings
 There are lots of things to do in this game such as
 I like this game ! Though the fighting-system is slow , it is still a fun and very adventurous game ! You should buy this game because it is very addictive and , hey , it 's Lord of the Rings ! Whats there not to like .
 I HAPPEN TO LIKE THIS GAME . THERE ARE SOME BAD GLITCHES IN THE LORD OF THE RINGS
 I am such a huge fan of author J.R.R. Tolkien 's wonderful Lord of the Rings book trilogy and I must say that Fellowship of the Ring for the Game Boy Advance is a remarkable adaptation to Tolkien 's book trilogy ! But , beware of the glitches in this game ! I got past them , but it was n't easy . The game crashes in the Old Forest and the Mines of Moria levels . Other than that , this is a stunning game !
 This is not a bad game ! It is very easy to get past the glitches -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I love playing Lord of the Rings
 I am going to try to give you the most spectacular review u have read on this game ... During this game u get 2 play as ... any member of the fellowship . The cool thing about this game is that it is not divided into levels ! You go on and on and on wich allows u to change players at any time ! For instacnce ... when the cave troll comes u do NOT wan na be pipin ! not that u EVER would , though pipin is cool , but wimpy ... the strongest person u can play as is gimli ... but its kinda funny watching him waddle around ! The fastest person is without a doubt ... Legolas ! It is kinda frustrating though ... how it seems in skimrishes yer pple always miss ... but u can fix that by boosting up your players!Heres some info : GRAPHICS 20/20SOUND 20/20FUN 20/20BATTLE 18/20MOVEMENT 20/20OVERALL 98/100This game is sure to please any action/RPG/LOTR fan !!!
 This is by far the best game I have ever played . You may get stuck in the Mines Of Moria , but this game you wo n't be able put down ! The frist time I played it I played for 7 hours strait !
 This game is full of action . The graphics are really cool ! Through out the game you will meet enemies . When you find them you will have to fight them . You can choose to be any of these characters
 The Lord Of The Rings
 The Lord Of The Rings
 This game rocks ! battle is not too slow ! whoever wrote theose other reviews must be sickos ! The lord of the rings is not about violince ! if u r a serious lotr fan like me , you will love this game ! Plus , unlike the towers , this game follows the book ! Ha ! The book ! not the movie ! the book ! and in this game u get to play as every member of the fellowship ! in the 2 towers its either legolas gimli aragorn or frodo . and excuse me but who wants to go around slaughtering things ? BUY IT ! IF U R A TRUE LOTR FAN U WILL BUY IT AND ENJOY IT!P.S . this one is better than the two towers yet i am content with playing the two towers because i can be Legolas !
 this game is hard and I still hav n't beaten it , and I have had it for two mothes . I reconmend for only skilled players play.DELTA 904thanks for youre time and patience
 This game is definetly fun but make sure you rent it before you buy it ! There are a couple of glitches but it can be fixed . If you like LOTR then look into this game . If you do n't like LOTR you will think this game is a total mess ! I love this game but see for yourself .
 So far this game has n't received any credit , well not much.To start off the graphics are good , and the sound is good too.I have n't seen one glitch yet , I 'm sorry . The battles are some what slow , but you have to admit that it is cool to have an invitory and equipping items . If you find glitches , return your game ! My game is fine , and I 'm past Moria . You can switch your characters , that is a really cool option . But the osund goes away in battles sometimes , thats not so fun . I like to have energy in my battles , but the battles are slow . That 's why this game got a 7 out of 10 . O ' and I 'm 14 years old , I 'm just not signed up with Amazon . Fun game for younger kids.GRAPHICS
 even this one is not so attached to the details of the movie , as is the 2nd part of this videogame , the two towers , juswt reviewed , it is a nice role playing game , i liked it a lot . i am happy with my purchase .
 Look , the game its amazing.In the old forest you must go always right to go to the tree , always left to go to a secret place , always down to go to a man , and always up to go to a house.But i 'm in the mines of moria now and i need some help.I was in a door but i cant move and push start neither.If someone who did pass the mines of moria is reeding this , i need you to tell me how to pass the mines , please .
 Hey people . Its me . Im not dead . Anyway the way this game follows my book makes me happy ! I enjoyed it ad found it fun and challenging . I think it is lots of fun so buy it !
 Guess what ? I finnaly got to open the game and play it ! It ; s cool ! It is fun but sometimes frustrating ... it took me an hour ` to find Pipin ... But other than that it 's great ! you get to play as every member of the fellowship except Boromir ... but who cares about Boromir ? My favorite character is Legolas ! Its kinda dumb though ... how yer people always miss the nmes . Well not alway ... but at least 40 % of the time ... But do n't get me wrong ! Buy it!Even though this game is great ... the Two Towers for GBA is a tad bit better !
 Ths is a great game ! The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it is slow and has a major glitch that wastes time trying to press start at just the right time . But the game rocks the battle system could be more fun by speeding it up though . Get this game it IS worth your time !
 Man this game is horrible ! I mean , the graphics are pretty good , but the fighting mode is terrible . First Frodo attacks and most likely misses ! And in the Mines of Moria , there is a huge glitch . I got past it , but there is another one ! This game stinks !!
 There are glitches in this game that make it crash -LRB- literally freeze -RRB- . I knew about the glitches right before I bought the game . But , with the help of a friend who played LOTR
 This game is pretty fun , but it has quite a few problems also . The directions are really hard to understand . You do a whole lot of message taking and little favors for your Hobbit-freinds in the game . The battles are very tedious-even if your guys can hit thier target . There are about three guys on the game that can hit a target consistently . You ca n't use the Bows in batlle mode.The game glitches up in the Old Forest when you try to help a lady with spiders in her house . The game also glitches up in Moria quite a few times , but you can go to the game 's website and it 'll tell you how to get around the glitches.But , the game follows the books very well . It skips some of the more monotonous areas of the book , but then it makes the areas you play VERY TEDIOUS!I liked the game a lot though . The plot is engaging , and I found it very hard to put the game down . It is definitly a strategy game . I liked the fact that there is always some kind of mission you 're on . The ending SUCKS!Even after all of the bad things , it is a fun game . One strategy I use is to save very often , since it gets boring when you get stuck and have to beat it again from where you saved an hour ago .
 I think that Vivendi Universal 's LOTR
 They have n't made a game this good in years ! LOTR
 I just ca n't stop playing this game ! It is so addictive , fun , and adventurous . Now that I know how to get past the glitches I 'll probably never stop playing ` The Lord of the Rings
 1 . Graphics
 This video game is so awesome ! I highly recommend it to those of you who are hard-core `` Lord of the Rings '' book-trilogy fans ! `` The Fellowship of the Ring '' for the GBA is very addictive and fun . There is only one thing that bothers me about this game
 This game is good if you are lucky enough to find a newer copy . I have twice bought the game , several months apart , and both times got games with glitches . I read the strategy guide to see what I was missing , and am dissapointed that I never got to see Lorien -- or even get out of the Mines of Moria . If you are lucky to get one of the newer games , count your lucky stars , and enjoy it !
 I once owned ` Lord of the Rings
 I am going to get this game as a Christmas present . Do n't worry ! I already know about the glitches in this game that make it freeze up . Thankfully , I got some information off of the internet telling how to avoid the glitches that are in the game . I am so excited about owning The Lord of the Rings
 Here is a little tip for when your game freezes , simply switch characters ! It happened to me once and I had this game for a day . It happened when I first met an elf . Otherwise it 's a great game ! The graphics are stunnung , and it is very addicting .
 This game was very fun , but it had some flaws . For instance , when in the Mines of Moria , the game will freeze at a certain point . It was very frustrating , but it is a common problem and can be worked around by going to the customer service website.The game ends suddenly when Boromir tries to take the ring from Frodo . It is very annoying having to wait for the next game before you can continue the quest!Other than that , the game is very fun & challenging . It is especially good for long car trips !
 I was really looking forward to an RPG for the Lord of the Rings , and , well , this is n't it . It 's really dissappointing -- the story is killed with absolutely NO drama , the music is skimpy and barely playing , and there are almsot no fights . Not that it should be a problem because it 's a bare-bones system , with extreme difficulty , slow moving enemies , and confusing mechanics . To make the game even worse , you wander aimlessly through repeating areas to look for an `` item '' that helps you progress through . Although that 's not a bad thing for many GBA games such as Castlevania , you 'll spend pointless hours searching for an item so you could pass to the next area with the same system . It 's gotten old , and this game does it poorly . So get the Two Towers game from EA Games -LRB- for PS2 , GC , and XBox -RRB- and get a much , much better game with an excellent amount of action .
 I do n't get what everybdy is talking about . I have n't had any glitches and I 'm in Troll cCountry . This game has great graphics and sound . Well , sure , it 's hard . But that 's the point . You would n't want to by a thirty dollar game that lasted two hours . ...
 I do n't get what everybdy is talking about . I have n't had any glitches and I 'm in Troll cCountry . This game has great graphics and sound . Well , sure , it 's hard . But that 's the point . You would n't want to by a thirty dollar game that lasted two hours . ...
 I do n't get what everybdy is talking about . I have n't had any glitches and I 'm in Troll cCountry . This game has great graphics and sound . Well , sure , it 's hard . But that 's the point . You would n't want to by a thirty dollar game that lasted two hours . That would -LSB- bad -RSB- !
 I just bought myself The Fellowship of the Ring for GBA . The battle system is turn based making it more fun and easier for beginner RPG ` ers -LRB- role playing games -RRB- . The graphics are the best I 've seen for GBA but what really makes this game great is the music , I really like the music . The one thing I did n't like is the storage space there just is n't enough storage space to hold items .
 It 's an amazing game !!! But the gameplay tends to be a bit fixed ... oh well . The graphics are wonderful , and the game is based on the book , not the movie . If you are a fan of the book you will love this game !!! And Christina , thanks for telling me how to get out of the mines !!! I was really stuck there ...
 All the negative talk about the camera in this game is over-blown ! There is a minor glitch here and there , as the camera adjusts . But I will tell you that this camera works just like Mario and Zelda games . 360 viewing ! But I would say the camera is a tad closer to Mario games . Exploration , fighting , and gameplay , I would say are closer to the Zelda games.If you are a Zelda and Mario fan like I am . YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME ! This game has a little of both . As far as story line ? Well the game lacks there.It 's just simply an addicting game ! And the graphics are great too.As far as gameplay . This game has it all over Mario.And in my book much more challenging than Wind Waker .
 Vexx is the type of game that you can not fully appreciate until you get into some of the later levels . I for one think this games ' graphics are great , especially through progressive scan . Awesome character designs and very unique textures . Where this game really shines are the awesome , huge worlds you traverse through . I found myself not being able to wait to see what new world i was going to unlock . Each level has 8-10 goals that you can tackle in any order , making it an extremely non-linear game . One area that this game really shines in is the PUZZLE DESIGN ! Some of the puzzles in these levels are INGENIOUS ! This game is truly for hardcore platforming fans only , if you ca n't handle your analog stick to perform precise jumping , crawling or maneuvering , you need to stick to your first person shooters .
 While many people look at Vexx in wonder saying to themselves , `` Why did I buy this game ? The storyline makes no sense ... '' they ultimately miss out on an adventure that may even change the way you see video games today ! Vexx is by far one of the best games ever to hit stores.Reasons :1 -RRB- Vexx is a fantasy game in which you collect energy rich wraith hearts to help abolish the `` evil that is a king '' who enslaved all of Vexx 's people . This game is full of fun right to the very end with a storyline that carries throughout the whole story ! 2 -RRB- The scenery in this game is magnificent , filled with monsters that actually react to what you do , and bosses that get angrier as the game progresses . Every bit of this game -LRB- walls , ground , extras , spells , and even you ! -RRB- have the utmost detail available for a gamecube game . Trust me when I say , you 'll be amazed ! 3 -RRB- The bosses in Vexx grow exponentially harder as the game goes on , so even long time gamers and Vexx fans will have a hard time re-beating the same one ! The levels are large enough where you can discover things you did n't notice before ! 4 -RRB- Levels in Vexx vary greatly from a tall mountainous region to hidden mayan pyramids ! You 'll find your self facing giant man-eating dogs in a house bigger than you can imagine , and climbing remains of something that once lived . After all is said and done , you 'll be thrilled to find out that ea . level has newer , stronger monsters with double the entertainment as the last ones ! Ea . Level has an obstacle course in which takes a long time and will challenge any gamer , best I 've seen in any game .5 -RRB- Finally , this games controls are perfect , its easy to maneuver Vexx through the many obstacles that block your path ! The fighting moves can be made into many different combos and ea . are different according to the enemy ! The camera angle works perfectly fine . As for me , I 've had only a few hassles with the camera before , which only act up once you reach the last level . Trust me you wo n't get overly angered by it as others say they do.Now , does n't this make this game sound fantastic ? I did n't lie a bit . I recommend Vexx to anyone anywhere as a rental or as a buy . You wo n't be disappointed!Bad Things :1 - last Boss in Nearly Impossible2 - Camera -LRB- not bad really -RRB- you decide on this .3 - Only two `` upgrades '' so vexx never changes really . But I do n't mind .
 VEXX is a great a game . It rivals any of the action/adventure platform mascots to Jak/Sly / & Mario . Unfortunately this 4 year old game that came out back in 2002 did n't seem to receive the attention it deserved . No game is ever perfect and this game has its minor flaws . It 's also beautifully constructed & there are other games that came out the same year & their visuals never looked as beautiful as this game . Give it a try . At this point it 's most likely under 20 bucks and a few retailers still carry this title . It 's such a shame and most likely Akklaim Studios wo n't be making a sequel to this game . Give it a try & you will love it as much as I do .
 Vexx is bad to the bone ! And those claws are pimpin ' ! The game may be a little tough , but when you beat it you know you 're an awesome gamer . And fighting a gigantic , fat sumo wrestler , how awesome is that . Vexx 's moves are totally sweet ! If you think it 's too tough , whine to yourself ! Do n't scare off serious platform gamers .
 I just rented this game to try it out ... I was amazed at how challenging it was right in the very beginning . It has many levels and keeps you interested . I am still working on beating it , but I am tempted to run out and just buy it . It is very fun and a game with a new kind of twist to it ... I DEFINATELY reccommend it
 This game is not out yet , but I 've been finding information on it for a long time . This game sounds like it is going to be must buy.Intead of having magic , swords or guns you get to have a pair of battle gauntlets as a weapon.There are 18 different levels , and hidden multi player games.there are day and night cycles , at night the enemies get harder so watch out!there are very responsive controls so you can stop in the middle of combo attacks.Best of all a very flexible camera so you can always see Vexx.As far as I 'm concerned you should buy this game !
 `` Vexx '' is an extremely underrated game , and it 's a shame so few people have played it . Let 's start off with the story , the majority of which takes place in the beginning cut scene . Centuries ago , the Astani managed to open a rift , but this allowed the Shadowwraiths to come through , led by the evil Dark Yabu . Most of the Astani people were killed , while Vexx 's people are imprisoned centuries later and forced to work in the mines . Eventually , Vexx attempts to kill Yabu , who in turn almost kills the boy when Vargus , Vexx 's grandfather , intervenes . Vargus is killed instead and Vexx escapes . Luckily , Vexx finds the powerful Astani War Talons , which fuse to his hands . And thus the game begins , and Vexx begins his quest to get revenge on Yabu.The game is a platformer and has nine worlds . You explore these worlds and collect Wraithhearts to power the rift so that Vexx can get to Yabu and get his revenge . Each heart has a clue associated with it that gives you a hint as to how to get it , which I think is really fun . This game can really make you think because you not only have to figure out the clue , but you must then figure out how to do what the clue says . This game has quite a variety of things to do , like solving puzzles , crossing dangerous platforms , and collecting objects . And Vexx himself has a variety of moves , such as a variety of attacks , climbing , jumps , etc , which makes him a fun character to control . Plus , he has attitude.This game is pretty unique , from the strange characters and enemies , to the locations , such as a world where you cross the bones of a long-dead dragon or explore the large , abandoned mansion of a giant while avoiding the starving pet that stalks you from the floor . The Wraithhearts are even some of the most unique items I 've ever gotten to collect . They are still beating , and you can feel the beating in the controller when you get close enough . The music is usually pretty good and pretty unique , as well.My only complaints
 The Story : Dark Yabu , the leader of bad guys , has been given 700 years of darkness and misery . After killing Vexx 's grandfather , Vexx is determined to give revenge . As a slave , he ca n't do no harm . Until he wakes up an ancient power he will be able to rise up and become the new hero . This ancient power is a pair of metal claws that are going to be the only hope for the world ... With 18 huge levels , a hidden multiplayer mode , a climbing free mode , an excellent camera system , a day and night cycle system -LRB- at night , enemies become more aggresive -RRB- , and with an ultra-responsive player control , Vexx definately delivers for the platforming fans ... With an awesome imaginary world you will find canopy villages , mysterious caves , desert temples , underwater cities , deadly volcanoes , and much more to explore and enjoy ... The game is filled with so much action and platforming adventure that you ca n't miss it . The world and characters will make you want to come back . Plus the secret multiplayer mode might keep your hands busy with some pals . IN MY OPINION , IT LOOKS LIKE IT WILL BE A DEFINATE MUST BUY !
 I read alot on this game and think it sounds great . I will be buying this if I get good grades on my report card .
 I FEEL SO SORRY FOR THOSE THAT RATE TOP NOTCH GAMES WITH ONE OR TWO STARS AS SOME HAVE DONE IN THIS CASE = THE GRAPHICS IN THIS GAME IS WORTH THE COST OF THE GAME ALONE = IT IS CLEVER AND TOUGH TO GET TO THE HEARTS AND IF YOU GET BORED PLAYING THIS GAME YOU NEED TO GO GET A LIFE = THIS IS A BREATH-TAKING GAME AND VERY VERY CLEVERLY DONE = TONS OF RE-PLAY VALUE !!!
 OK people , you may think this game sucks , but it doesnt , i have made a lot of research on it and i cant wait till it comes out.It is raw , the levels are so cool theyr huge , the controller is easy to use and this game is an absolute must-have .
 This game is very cool except the background info in the game does n't really tell you were you are and what happened . it just hits you in the face . The controls are like any other game like banjo kazooie or mario as Game Informer Magazine said `` Mario with power mitts . '' You go around collecting weird hearts in different worlds and that is pretty much it . The graphics are pretty good , but do n't expect them to take your breath away . All in all this is a good game when your bored of fighting or tired of racing with your other games , but if you want a really great game get The Legend of Zelda The Windwaker or Metroid Prime . It 's fun so get it if your into those action adventure games .
 Vexx is a great new platforming game . Its kind of like mario but with an edge . So if your tired of saving that same old princess over and over , take your gaming up a notch and help Vexx avenge his grandfather 's murder . ...
 This is a good game ... . good world design , good graffics , but best of all is the aggressive undertones ... Vexx is like Mario meets Wolverine ... I love the claws , the look and the attitude.All things concidered though ... Amazon is asking $ 60 Canadian and I got this game at Zellers for $ 20 Canadian plus tax .
 This game is great ! The second I heard of it , I wanted it because it sounded cool ... but this game is better than it could be explained . U should buy it here , too , at Amazon because I was searching for almost 2 days trying to find a better price than here , and I could n't ! This game also has great graphics and plot . The game starts where your grandpa was killed by evil invaders of your planet , then u find out that u can gain power to destroy them so that u can hav your peaceful planet back . Like most games under the same genre , u r supposed to collect something that progresses u thru the game in order to beat it . In this case , they are `` wraith hearts '' . If u have played `` Jak and Daxtar '' for PS2 & liked it , you will like this game . They are similair in the aspect that u r a made up creature trying to save your land by going to other strange and mysterious areas and that there are multiple attack types , such as slashing , shooting , smashing , etc. . It is a good game because it can occupy time for u vey well . I also think it is a challenging game , though I am not an `` expert gamer '' . The reason why I think it is challenging is because for each level there are seven hearts to obtain , each having a riddle to solve in the start menu before u can get them . And do n't think u can just get them without the riddles and that they are dumb , because sometimes u would have no clue where the hearts could possibly be hidden , or u see it hovering somewhere but u ca n't get it the way u think u can . Again I just want to say that this game is fun all the way thru and that if your looking for a challenge , this is it . Oh , and if u are wondering why I took a star off , its because some parts of the game take too long and are boring . The rest is fun though .
 I learned about this game from my cousins , they couldnt stop talking about it and I didnt really follow . So I got online and looked it up -LRB- I then new why they liked it so much . -RRB- It looked so cool and i learned a ton about it -LRB- I orderd it off the internet the first day -RRB- its gon na be a tight game I now it . I HIGHLY recomend the game vexx !
 GREAT GAME DIDNT EVEN KNOW IT WAS OUT IN STORES > > >
 GREAT GAME DIDNT EVEN KNOW IT WAS OUT IN STORES >> >
 This game totally rocks . It 's really fun to squirt enemies.I beat the game and I ca n't wait for the next one .
 Best game ever buy it fun caracter switch select button item select R button Password mondo mountain XGVXHQWS . If you want to win consantraitI have 10 passwords the mondo mountain password is above.The best game ever $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! buy it now worth the $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ buy it when you can !!!
 very fun worth alot of money Buy It Now on eBay . $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ best game ever
 THIS GAME IS SO BORING . THE GRAPHICS STUNK . SO WHAT EVER YOU DO DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !!!!!
 This collection is pretty much identical to the Namco arcade collection that I 've seen in several video arcades , except that it replaces Rally-X -LRB- a real dog -RRB- with Pole Position I/II . Frankly , for the price they 're selling it for these days , you ca n't go wrong.You get : Pac-ManMs . Pac-ManPac-Man Arrangement -LRB- a modern version with more ghosts , more mazes , and new items -RRB- GalagaGalaxianGalaga Arrangement -LRB- again , a modern version with better graphics and more powerups -RRB- Pole PositionPole Position IIDig-DugDig-Dug Arrangement -LRB- better graphics , more enemies , a few new features -RRB- And there are two hidden games you can unlock by getting decent scores in Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man : Pac-Attack -LRB- Pac-man tetris ? Weird ... -RRB- Pac-World -LRB- a 3-D pacman where you can jump -- kinda strange , but seen it in arcades before -RRB- That 's 12 games for $ 20 . Do the math.The only thing I wish is that they provided you with more information on the games ' history -LRB- it is called Namco * Museum * , after all -RRB- ; however , the emulation is perfect , and they even included the original arcade cabinet artwork around the game screens . I ca n't complain . I grew up playing games like these on the Atari and in the arcades -LRB- my father actually owned a Dig-Dug upright cabinet -RRB- , and this is a great compilation . Heartily recommended for any video game collector or fan .
 I was n't alive in the 80 's , so I still get to play Pac-Man ! My mom is a Pac-Man expert , and I love Pac-Man , and I bet that you have already guessed that this game has Pac-Man ! -LRB- I like Ms.Pac-Man better if you ask me and so does my mom -RRB- My mom 's wrist on the joystick is faster than ... well ... something REALY fast !! This game also has Pole Position , -LRB- which my dad is good at -RRB- Dig Dug , -LRB- which I do n't know anything about exept that you are supposed to dig -RRB- and Galaga . -LRB- which is a space game that I like -RRB- and much , much more ! -LRB- that I forgot about -RRB- And the good thing is , I have a GameCube ! I 've only rented this , but I want it for Christmas . My mom always complained about having to be lucky to find a Pac-Man or Ms.Pac-Man machine . Not anymore !
 I remember when Galaga came out in the arcades . There were lines of people waiting to play it including me . This Namco collection is arcade perfect . I also LOVE the revamped versions of Pacman and Galaga . They are incredibly good in my opinion and highly addictive . This was the best $ 20 for the Cube that I have spent . Some people complain that the screen is small , but hey ! The original Galaga was on a small horizontal screen as well , and the 25 '' monitors of today were unheard of . To me it just makes the game that much more perfect . I had a 10 yr old recommend this game to me ! I could n't believe it , he was not even alive when it originally came out and he said next to Smash Bro 's , this was his second favorite game . 20 yrs and still kicking . GO AND BYE IT . Ca n't beat it for $ 20 .
 * Memories ? What memories ? I 'm a kid ! ^_^ * Yes , my friends , at last Namco releases a compilation that 's worth it ... maybe . It depends on how you look at it-does it seem fair for Namco to re-release only 12 games ? Ones that have already been in other compilations ? For younger players , yes . For people who have played other Namco Museums ... not so much.Anyway , this collection features Namco 's greatest hits , including the original Pac-Man , Ms. Pac-Man , Galaga , Galaxian , Dig Dug , and Pole Position . Also included are revamped versions of Pac-Man , Galaga , Dig Dug , and Pole Position , including MUCH better graphics , more power-ups , and more variety . And , there are 2 unlockable games , the unfamiliar Pac-Attack and Pac-Mania ... you need 20,000 points from Ms. Pac-Man to unlock Pac-Mania , while 40,000 points in Pac-Man unlocks Pac-Attack . What ? You have n't heard of half these games ? I 'll explain each game now.Pac-Man 8/10All right , there is a small maze-like place that you can see . There are dots -LRB- called Pac-dots -RRB- scattered around the maze . There is a yellow ball that starts out near the middle called Pac-Man . You need to move him around , and have him collide with the dots to eat them . Eat all the dots to advance to the next round . Easy , right ? No , because there are ghosts to stop Pac-Man ! In the middle is a box where 4 ghosts are , and they come out in the beginning and chase Pac-Man around . If you touch a ghost , you lose a life . There are power pellets in each of the four corners of the maze , though . If you eat one , the ghosts turn blue and run away . You can eat them , and the more you eat with one pellet the more points you will get . The ghosts go back to the box to be regenerated . Eventually the power pellet will fade , and the ghosts will be chasing you again . Each round is the exact same maze . Hey , it 's the 80 's right?Pac - Man Arrangement 9/10This game has much better graphics . It 's pretty much 3-D sprites , what you 'd expect from a GBA . There are some differences , however . This game is really fast , so you 'll end up bumping into lots of walls , and even ghosts . There are 22 action packed variety levels , with a mischievous boss at the end ! Sometimes where Pac-Man starts out , power-ups await him . They can do lots , such as make Pac-Man faster -LRB- yeesh ! -RRB- , give an extra power pellet , and even have him split in two for easier dot collecting . But he 's not the only one-ghosts can fuse together with a fifth one ! They will have abnormal powers , such as ramming into you , being able to hop across the maze , and even being able to make huge pellets to slow down Pac-Man . Galaga 8/10This is just a basic shooter . Enemies are at the top of the screen . You are at the bottom , and with your ship , you can blast enemies . Every second an enemy or two will come down , shooting bullets at you . It will disappear at the bottom of the screen and reappear at the top . Kill all the enemies in the formation to advance to the next level . At the very top of each formation there are formation leaders . They can suck up your ship as a new enemy , so you might want to avoid this . You can actually get a double space fighter like this , but I 'm not going to tell you how . Every 3 levels , you will come to a bonus round , where you can kill enemies for loads of points . Each one equals 100 points in it.Galaga Arrangement 9/10As always , this revamped thing has plenty better graphics , as well as a 3-D ship that really looks like it 's moving , since it tilts side to side . The backrounds are colorful , and are really fit for the spacy atmosphere . There are different formation leaders now , so you can make cool combos with the ship instead of a space fighter ! The bonus stages are much harder , since the screen tilts around a lot , making it hard to shoot enemies . But the most dramatic change is that in each level way before the formation starts , the enemies will be in a weird shape , and they 'll start dancing around really fast , making a real cool affect . They could go outward in a circle then inward with agility , like an illusion . You might see 4 wavy lines of enemies , and two will be on one side of a dot it 's attached to , and 2 will be on the other . As if a spider it will move the `` leg enemies '' up and down , having them cross their paths . You could even have both for a rad sight , and about 100 more patterns ! One other notable difference
 We have an 8 year old boy who we originally purchased the Game Cube for last year but we also have a 3 and 4 year old boys who wanted in on the action . This is the first Game Cube game that my 3 and 4 year old can actually play all by themselves with NO HELP or COACHING from mom or dad . They are capable of playing every game offered on the Namco Museum disc and they do n't get frustrated easily as they do with Mickey 's Magical Mirror , Scooby-Doo or Sponge Bob and the Flying Dutchman . The Namco Musuem disc is so basic that my 3 and 4 year old understand the concept ... munch as many dots , shoot as many space ships , etc. . Unlike other games , you do n't have to problem solve , it is all based on your skill with the wavebird . My 8 year old really enjoys the Namco disc as well . Granted the spectacular graphics of the games mentioned vs. Namco Museum do n't compare , but having a young child enjoy a game without getting frustrated for a solid 1/2 hour is priceless . Parents who have been there will understand what I mean . It is a great classic disc to have for the little ones to play what big brother is playing and feel they are doing it well .
 Okay , so not ALL of them are rare , but they are all arcade classics . This offering of Namco 's long-running arcade compilation series has a really special variety of games here . While there are games like Ms. and regular Pac-Men , Dig Dug , Galaga , etc , Namco has decided to give us some of the ARRANGEMENT GAMES AND POLE POSITION II !!! Do n't know what the Arrangment games are ? Well , in general , they are beyond remakes of the original games and they all include co-op multiplayer.Pac-Man Arrangement -LRB- HIGHLIGHT -RRB-
 Talk about nostalgia ! This game has it all ! The old versions of our favorites , plus new arrangements that are also fun to play ! I highly recommend this game to parents who want to get in on the video game action with some old school fun ! I can actually PLAY these games ... they are a reminder of simpler times .
 This collection consisits of some of my most favorite games of all time . When I was a kid , I used to love Ms. Pac-Man with a passion . Those vibrant colors of the mazes in its attract mode used to dazzle me . These games retain the child in me and I 'm almost 27.Pac-Man is 99 % perfect and is great for long-term play , though I 've always considered the old ` Return of Arcade ' version my most favorite because of its massive reconfiguration options . Ms. Pac-Man falls short when it comes to its sound effects because the sound ` stutters ' every half-second , though the play has nothing to do with it.The Pole-Position games are not even close to the original arcade ports . They have been tinkered with exclusively for the Namco Museum collection . The tone of the traffic lights changing from red to red and finally to green has definetely changed to a more modern one which sounds kind of like a bell in contrast to other ports . A downer , but the games are still worth playing.Galaxian is near arcade port , except the score is on the right side of the screen . I never really liked the game anyway . Galaga has been ` stretched ' partially to fit the screen . Dig dug may not really be letterboxed wholly to fit the screen so it may scroll as you approach the bottom , but there 's nothing wrong with that.Overall this is a great collection for me . I 'd choose this over the 50th Anniversary collection for the computer because that 's not much better , if at all . But still may not be as good as the PSP version because I do n't even have one ! But I can do without one . Oh well.After all , these are the same emulations used since Namco first started their collection on the original Playstation .
 If youve always had an interest in the history of arcade games then you must get this.Several old Namco titles are all emulated onto one disc in all their glory.Its best used with the wireless Wave Bird.There are titles on here like Pac Man Assortment and Dig Dug . Its a great deal cause its not just 1 game its actually several -LRB- ! -RRB- . Anyways , there is a new Ninja Turtle game?Awesome.I just hope it will be awesome and not a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- . You never know it could go either way.Rent it first .
 Dont be CONFUSED by this game many more SUPRISES INSIDETHIS GAME HAS SUPRISES FEATURING THE NEw ninja turtles game coming out and has everyones FAVORITE GAME GRAN THEFT AUTO 4 with teh first ahlf of the GAME DEMO after u beat pacman u get all of this !
 I 've neveer actually played this , heck I 've never even heard of it before now , but it deserves 5 stars , maybe even 6 or 7 stars as well . Yippeeeee !
 I 've been searching for a gamecube game that is like the old style Atari-Like video games I grew up with and here it is ! Plus , when you succeed with a pac-man game -LRB- not sure how many levels -RRB- , you are given a bonus game of Pac Man to try which was a wonderful surprise . The galaxia games are pretty much like I remember . Pole Position is still hard for me to maneuver . Also no directions onscreen so plan on figuring out the game for yourself . I love it because it 's simple w / no frills !
 This game is simply amazing and flawless ! There are some unlockables , and all the games have multi-player action ! It 's seriouly like a classic arcade , rooled into a updated game system . Before I go on with the posative , I have one just one , the entire reveiw , I promis this is the only negative ... In some of the pac-man games , if you play on a small TV -LRB- like me -RRB- then it 's hard to see everything in general . * gasping for air * I 'm so glad that negative part is over ! Back to the posative!With three totally new games
 This is a great game , I never knew how much fun arcade games were until now !!!! My mom loves it , and it was her X-mas present . It 's awesome to have the original games , plus a bunch of new , improved-graphics ones . My sister likes playing Galaga and my brother loves Pac-Man . The only con is you can only have two players .
 Blast from the past ! Greta deal ! Brought me back to my 80 's childhood ! Great passing on these classic games to my children now .
 I really liked the game . It was great . The game i ordered had all of my favorite games on it .
 Great item , and I 'm enjoying it , thanks ! Great sale too ! Item came to me very quickly ! I 'm very happy with my order !
 I like it but my kids and dad love this game . I bought this for my dad when he got out of the hospital and he enjoys playing . My kids wo n't stop playing it and I have to limit them because I get sick of watching this one .
 Did n't realize what games I would be getting with Namco other than ms.pac man , I was hoping there would be mappy lol but game came as expected .
 This product is an excellent reproduction of the orginal arcade games , but with the convenience of an in-home video format . This is old school fun . It is simple and my kids loved it based upon that simplicity . Some of the game instructions need clearer language and greater detail .
 The game had a small scratch on it but you ca n't even tell . The game works great , it arrived in a timely mannor . Overall it is excellent!Thanks !
 This is a great mix of games and especially great for those who grew up playing the games on the Atari platform .
 I used to play these games when I was a kid and they 're still fun today . However , if you 've never played these , you 'll probably find them cheesy and the graphics poor .
 WE are competing as i type in pac attack my g/f is in first but not for long my friend and i love battling in galaga and pac man all the games make this arcade classic game a blast HIGHLY RECCOMENDED TO ALL GAMERS >
 If you have a GBA and a Gamecube , get the Gamecube version . It has more games . Anyway , this game is so cool . It trasports you back to the good ol' days when Namco was a hotshot . The collection starts you off with these games : Pac ManGalagaDig DugPole PostionGalaxianMs . Pac ManThat right there is worth your money . But Namco also put in updated versions of Pac Man , Galaga , Dig Dug and Pole Postion !! That 's right , if you get bored with the oldies , try out the newies . They show better power-ups and graphics.The collection does n't stop there . If you are a Pac Attack fan -LRB- which I am -RRB- , then you will play Pac Man for a while . You have to score a whopping 20,000 points to unlock Pac Attack . But wait , there is even a secret for Ms. Pac Man ! Score 15,000 points and get Pac Mania , one of the best games in the series . So here 's the entire collection with brief decriptions : Pac Man -LRB- Eat ghosts , chomp dots -RRB- Pac Man ArrangementGalaga -LRB- Shoot the Galagas -RRB- Galaga ArrangementDig Dug -LRB- Pump the enemies along the way as you dig through dirt -RRB- Dig Dug ArrangementPole Postion -LRB- Qualify for a main race and finish laps -RRB- Pole Postion 2Galaxian -LRB- Just like Galaga , shoot Galaxians -RRB- Ms. Pac Man -LRB- Same as Pac Man -RRB- Pac Attack -LRB- Locked , is sort of like Tetris -RRB- Pac Mania -LRB- Locked , Pac Man only 3D , and he can jump ! -RRB- There you go , 12 unforgettable classics packed into one disc !
 Maybe the best $ 20 i 've spent in my life . I love retro arcade games , and game i found sitting in the kohl 's department store and i immediatley bought it . The graphics are low -LRB- duh -RRB- but it is still great . There are so many good games ; my favorite is Galaga Arrangement , a new version of Galaga with better graphics and more power-ups . BUY IT !!!
 My 9 year old son received a GameCube for Christmas and the 2 games he received were WaveRunner and Luigi 's Mansion . Both of those games he liked , however I have motion sickness bad and can not play alot of the games they have out now because of all the movement . I specifically bought this Namco Museum for me and guess what everybody loves it ! It is great to be able to show my son some of the older games we used to play as kids . I just wish it had Centipede on it . . That would be great . Enjoy all you Pacman and Galaga fans ...
 I got this 2 months ago the object is to save the animals from the poachers you need to play 12 levels of action kinda neat in it you need to save animals the main menu is neat it has these 3 choices they are Game Settings Options
 This is a fun game full of addicting mini games . You can play on easy , medium , or hard mode . There are action games , puzzles , mazes , and games that require strategy . Instead of saving your game , you can simply use a code given each time you beat a game to get back to where you were . Most of the time , you play as Eliza ; but you also get to play as Debbie , and Darwin , and even drive the comvee!I would recommend this game .
 This game is so cool . I have only played it once , and already I would like to purchase it . It has coloring , puzzling , and even adventures . The only time that I ave played was when I was going to a DNA lab , and I had my GBA , with a not-so-fun game , so somebody let me play The Wild Thornberry 's Movie Game , and now I would like to purchase it , once again to say that .
 I move my xbox back and forth from my room to the big screen in the family room ! I helps to have the cables already waiting at each tv ! It is like new , working perfect ! Good seller . Thanks !
 For just 20 bucks this is a steal . There are over 100 different personalities to play against . You can play rated games against the computer and even play in mock tournaments with the computer . When you beat a player it recommends one more toward your strength . But It wasnt a good judge , because I was ripping through the 700 players and it kept saying I should play one just slightly stronger . When in reality I wasnt beaten by the program until I got into the 1400 players category . Then I started getting slapped up.The strong points in this program is the tutorials . 24 annotated games by Josh Waitzkin and alot of tutorials . And some good games annotated by Larry Christianson . The tutor aspect of this game is its strong suit . The Chess Academy is worth the money for the game , for the price of one chess book you can have alot of drills and puzzles . Also has 800 games annotated by Larry Evans.Im really impressed with this program . The 3-D boards are hard to see whats going on . I just use the 2-D board . One of the things I like about playing the 2-D board is playing on a tv you get to see the board real well . I prefer the TV to a computer monitor , because its so much bigger.Cons to this game is if you play the Chessmaster with unlimited time he will not move when its his turn . I would have liked to have the option to make the 2-D board full screen without the clocks . I would have liked the annontated games to play through the whole game without making me push a button to keep it talking . But overall this is a great value and chess resource . Im happy with it . You can also play this on XBox Live online , but I dont have Xbox live so I cant comment on how good it is.Also would like to say that you can practice openings with this game which I find helpful .
 Simply put , this game is absolutely amazing on the Xbox . The graphics are stunning . With the right options chosen for chess set and board options , you will see your pieces reflection on the board.There is so much more here than just a simple chess game . You can be taught from the beginning through to Master . You can just plunge right in and starting mowing the AI down . You can even hop online and see how you stack up against other players.Now for 2 really annoying problems.Number one
 The problem I see with people debating the merits of this game generally revolve around motivation . If your sole motive is to use this game just to play chess , you will only get a fraction of the value out of it and might even be disappointed with it . The multiplayer function , offline , requires two people to pass the controller back and forth . While this is not a problem with me , some tend to consider it a hindrance . There are not many people that play online , so the `` live '' feature lacks attractiveness . This leaves you basically with just a chess game that you are able to play on the xbox , but not much else . If you play the game in this fashion , you are really only getting a superficial taste of what this game really has to offer.If you , on the other hand , are a player that would like to develop his/her game significantly , then you will marvel at the extensive , nay , nearly overwhelming , tutorial features Chessmaster has to offer . This tutorial section , I believe , is the heart of the Chessmaster game . There is an `` academy '' taught by Josh Waitzkin himself . It is broken into sections covering the basics of movement , strategy , tactics , psychology , and endgame strategy . To show examples of each section , he annotates an incredible amount of games he played that reinforce the principles he is teaching . I have had this game for a week going through the academy and have not gotten through half of it . This academy is only a fraction of the tutorial section though . There are also the tutorials from previous Chessmaster installments , drills , and an infinite number -LRB- literally -RRB- of one move puzzles.There is so much depth to this Chessmaster game that I feel I have not really done it justice in the review . The Josh Waitzkin academy is worth the $ 20 dollars alone . If you are striving to become a better chess player and looking for some direction , I could n't give this game a higher recommendation .
 I 've owned this game for a couple of months now , and I enjoy it very much . Tutorials are great , there are tons of games in the library , you can participate in rated games and tournaments and you have a wide selection of 3D and 2D boards . Handicap games are easy to create by simply entering the setup mode , you can even play masters such as Capablanca , Fischer and Judith Polgar with whatever odds you desire . But I think I should say the only downfalls about this game , which may be piffling to some . For all those complaining about having to pass the controller back and forth for a multiplayer game with a friend , wow , why not just announce your move to whoever has the controller ? Does n't take a genuis to figure that out . Some of the other things
 First , it 's important to outline a context for my positive review of this game . I run a chess club in an elementary school and have been doing so for nearly five years . I have taught students how to play and given them basic strategy . However , I am only an average player myself.This title was tremendously suited to my purpose . For one , it has allowed me to sharpen my game . The academy and tutorials are not only helpful , but provide me with information that I can bring back to my chess club . It also has enhanced my understanding of tournament play . Given the Live feature , students who wish to play each other who have this can do so as well -LRB- parents likely will not object given its low cost and nonviolent gameplay . -RRB- Most of the criticism stems from the two play and having to pass the controller back and forth . Indeed I have also found this frustrating . I have also found frustrating that the computer takes no time off their clock or that the computer will take forever -LRB- when playing on an advanced mode . -RRB- Clearly those who excel at chess might not find this best suited to their needs . However , the graphics , loyalty to tournament style , and tutorials -LRB- including blunder alerts -RRB- make this an excellent game for those whose rankings might not be as high.The biographies of the characters you play with is an added bonus . You feel as though you 're playing a real person . This is a highly recommended game if your purpose in any way mirrors the context as I have outlined .
 I have n't played chess in years . That is until I purchased `` Chessmaster '' on XBOX . I was a lil ' rusty at first , but like riding a bike I picked it back up . Even my roommate whom has never played chess in his life has learned how to play . The game teaches you how to play . If you are not familiar with the piece movements , just move a piece . If you make a mistake the announcer will quickly tell you what is not allowed . For example
 This game is perfect for anyone that wants to play chess . Even if you have never played before the lessons on this game are perfect for teaching you the basics . But not only that it has some advance skills that it starts teaching right from the beginning . Then you can test those skills against computer players of different skill levels and hone in your skills against master players . This game is recommended for anyone that has any interest in playing Chess .
 I have to say , this is an awesome chess game . What really caught my attention was the vast amount of tutorials . They are voice narrated and very detailed . You will learn a lot from playing this game , and enjoy it while doing so . Also , there are over 800 recorded games dating back to the 1600 's that you can watch being played out with commentary ! This game is a must have for any chess enthusiast or anyone looking to better their game .
 - The ability to play your own xbox hard drive music over the games - Improved graphics , in a stop-motion animated sequence of photos of real pieces moving over a top-view board - Less words cluttering the playing screen - Live-action pre and post-game cinematics and animated attack moves by genuine animators . Let 's say a short opening scene depicting Chess pieces moving into Italy from the Italian Alps ! - A sense of the global cultures and the exotic playing areas - A focus on ` star players ' like Kasparov and even Deep Blue as characters ! Not so many average people . - Different voices to proclaim ` Check ' , ` Checkmate ' or whatever in various instances . - Sound effects , like a horse braying when it takes an opposing piece , a proud King saying ` You 'll never take me alive ' or an icey Queen - the voice accent of these pieces would change by selecting which country your side is from . For instance , if you chose France , the pieces would have a French accent . Like the ` Worms ' games . - Stylized culture-based gamepieces for major countries , Russia , Germany , France , America , Africa , Britain , Canada ... etc. - For God 's sake , support for two players on separate controllersAll in all , this is a good game with inventive elements , detailing 500 years worth of games with narration , and it demonstrates in a very immediate way , how to improve your game . However , it could have animated and enlivened the game of Chess in a modern , but deeply cultural and historical way , and it has n't done that . The best chess game out there , but hopefully not for long !
 Being an old-school gamer who grew up playing these games in the 80 's , I was excited when Namco announced they were releasing Namco Museum for the XBOX ! And for only -LSB- price -RSB- , this is one of the best gaming deals you can find ! The arranged Pac-Man mode is worth the cost of the game itself!You get emulated versions of Pac-Man , Ms. Pac-Man , Galaga , Pole Position 1 and 2 , Galaxian , and Dig Dug . Having just these classic titles on one disc is worth the cost of the disc , but Namco also included modernized `` arranged '' versions of Pac-Man , Galaga and Dig Dug which have modern graphics and even boss battles as well as two player simultaneous play ! These arranged versions were originally released in the arcades back in the mid-90 's and they are translated PERFECTLY here!Guess what ? Namco also included Pacmania AND Pac-Attack as unlockable titles ! That 's 12 games one one disc ! Whether your a longtime gamer like myself or a l337 newbie who cut his teeth on nothing but modern consoles , you 'll find yourself playing these games for hours ! SO much variety and one final option that Namco saw fit to include ... YOUR HIGH SCORES ARE RETAINED ! This may not sound like a big thing , but believe me , it 's a much-needed feature and something that has been left out in past versions!Any problems ? Strictly minor ... sometimes the screens look small , some sound glitches -LRB- sometimes the music seems out of tempo on some of the high score entry screens -RRB- , and you may want to invest in a Controller S or joystick since these games demand some precise joypad movement . I bought this on launch day and it will forever remain a part of my XBOX library . It 's truly that good !!
 Wow ! 12 games on one disk ! This is probably the best bargain for X-Box . It includes Pac-Man , Ms. Pac-Man , Galaga , Pole Position 1 and 2 , Galaxian , and Dig Dug . Additionally , Namco Museum comes with modernized `` arranged '' versions of Pac-Man , Galaga and Dig Dug which have sharper graphics , good sound effects , and , best of all , two player simultaneous play ! I love this two player feature ! Playing Pac-Man simultaneously with someone else is a lot of fun ! Good teamwork is definitely needed ! One important feature
 I bought the X-Box for my husband -LRB- 34 -RRB- at the end oflast year . He received several games for his X-Box atChristmas -LRB- sports , racing , action/adventure etc. -RRB- Iselfishly bought Namco Museum for him because I thoughtI would actually like it.Of all the games he 's got , this one has been played themost !! Yeah , the graphics are n't as fabulous as the newgames , but nothing beats a night of fun with a game thatanyone can pick up and play without having to read a manualto figure it out . Men , if your spouses or significant othersare always onto you about the time you spend playing X-Box , Buythis game . After I realized how fun it was , I never complainedagain .
 These games play EXACTLY like the original versions I used to play in the old arcade days.Same graphics , sound effects , strategy , etc.Exact ports of the originals .
 These are the same games you remember from the eighties ... of course they seem basic by today 's standards , but if you loved them like I did you will be very happy with this game . No duh pac man and ms. pacman are the same game ... we knew that in 1983 . The point is , you will likely buy this game out of nostalgia , not because you are looking for the next huge special effects dynamo p.c. game . If you loved these games 20 years ago , you 'll enjoy the heck out of this game because they are the exact same games simply made playable on the Xbox .
 This game is alot of fun just like the old games back in the day
 I did some tests of 'em ulation accuracy ' with this title , and was quite impressed.On Ms. Pac-man for instance , two ` glitches ' were exactly reproduced . The first is when you eat a power pellet , and then eat no ghosts , and eat the next power pellet , and eat no ghosts-etc . etc. . Eventually the sound glitches out -LRB- this is the same as the exact arcade code -RRB- . The other in-tact glitch is on the Strawberry stage of Ms. Pac-Man ... there is a simple route you can follow at the beginning of the stage to go through the blue ghost -LRB- inky -RRB- , without dying . This is also exactly from arcade code.Some cons ... playstation 1 had a mode where you could actually play the game on its side -LRB- where you also had to perhaps rotate your tv monitor on its side also -RRB- . This is one of the only ways to emulate a vertically oriented game such as this.The sound effects are a couple ` half steps ' higher in pitch than the arcade counterpart , but I 'd say the emulation is at least 99 % perfect.Make sure you play this title on a crt monitor or tv , or you will experience ` video lag ' , where sometimes the game play can stutter , or your movements wo n't be picked up quickly enough.That is all , I find this title good enough to buy , and I play LOTS of emulators on my xbox.-Andrew
 this has all the games i grew up with on it takes me back to my childhood days great game for a great price just love it
 Fun set of games . This is not a HD games set . Made for the Xbox -LRB- not Xbox 360 -RRB- .
 What more could you possibly want in hard hitting arcade action ? Forget Mortal Kombat and Grand Theft Auto , these are the games that separate the men from the boys ... Galaga - As far as I know I am the world 's Galaga champ . I can not walk past an arcade machine no matter where I am or what I 'm doing . I just know that as soon as I put that quarter into the machine , I know where I 'll be spending the next hour and a half . This is an incredible game , perhaps the greatest ever made . Go for 40 on the challange stage every time or you 'll never catch me . And always double up your ships every chance you get . Shoot the aliens while they are forming up . By the time they start coming down , you should only have two or three left.Dig Dug - The Holy Grail of 80 's arcades . This is the game that predated Mr. Do , yet will never be forgotten . Always drop rocks , drop as many rocks as youcan . It makes the vegetables appear , you get tremendous points for kills , and they get you out of tight fixes . At the arcade when you see 999,999 on the Dig Dug machine , you know it was me.Pac-Man - Hail the highest grossing game of all time . Though Ms. Pac-Man was the best version , Pac Man will bring you hours of enjoyment everyday . When you get the chance , purchase or download the song ` Pac Man Fever ' . You can play it at your next Pac-Man elimination party.Pole Position - I spent a fortune on this game as a kid at the Circle K . Now from the comfort of my own living room , and without bullies and hangers-on over my shoulder , I can run the gauntlet of this superior driving game . Go into low around those curves bud , and never ever tailgate .
 I love all the old games and this has lots of them . My husband laughed at it since he is into COD2 , Halo , etc and thought it was not up to par since he had never played atari when he was young ... but when the kids saw it they loved it . So we play this and he plays his games :--RRB- Our daughter even requested a version for her nintendo ds
 I like the game generally . It 's nice to have a relaxing playable game like this in your collection.that said Pac-Man is just like Ms. Pac-Man , Galaga , is just like Galaxian . Pole Position 1 and 2 BOTH `` are bad '' . P > The best one here is Dig Dug and its `` arranged '' version.But why the heck did they have to make the screen so small?Tom AndersonAnderson Analytics , LLC -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My seven-year-old son just got this video game and loves it . The goal is to help Tommy find all the Rugrats ; with each one you find , a new mini-game opens up . It was easy enough for my son to find the individual Rugrats , yet the mini-games are challening enough for him to want to do over and over . This game is good for kids ' self-esteem and fun for them to play .
 I was looking for a game for my 4 1/2 year old . He is pretty good with the games since he has 2 older brothers but this one was still a bit challenging for him . He could n't `` beat '' hardly any of the levels to advance the game . I helped him do it so he can now go into free play and play the individual mini games , which he enjoys . Very short story mode .
 The game look cool.Now I want the game.I ` ll go crazy for the game.I want to go crazy.See U later but not that late .
 This game is truly the best racinng game for the GBA . It has great grafics and awsom 2 player mades . I woul hily recomend this game to anyone weather they like racing or not .
 yeah , you might wan na take a refresher course yourself there genius...r-e-v-i-e-w .
 RELLY QUICK action you can play tag here is how to play tag youhave to tag all the othere cars wethowt being tagd in retern.batell is a chalinging game you fite . you can race to .
 I bought this game at Best Buy and am glad I did ! This game has good levels which are FUN games ! I do think they need to add a couple more ! Although it may look as though there is only multiplayer , there is a single game . One game which you squirt other players is REALLY hard to control ! I do n't think you are supposed to control the people ! The level is really fun though . When you choose a player -LRB- s -RRB- the game chooses the other people you are playing against . The sound is really hard to hear but not bad if you turn up the volume . The graphics are okay . All and all I think this is a pretty good game !
 I loved the game.it is so cool.I love spongebob and jimmy.I love the basketball games , I beat them all.well that is all-OVER AND OUT
 One of the biggest problems with the XBox platform is the almost-total lack of games for younger kids . My 5 - and 7-year-olds do n't care for sports simulations -LRB- they 'd rather just go out and play , thank goodness -RRB- , and the rest of the XBox titles are very specifically geared to teens and adults . Even the Shrek title is surprisingly nasty and unsuitable for the under-12 set -LRB- it 's rated Teen -RRB- . So when I saw a preview of this game at CES , I was delighted . It includes the full cast of all of Nick 's hit shows and the gaming looked like it would be easy for kids to master and enjoy for a long time . I think this will be a serious hit for XBox !
 This is an awesome game for youger children . My biggest problem with XBox was the limited number of games geared toward pre-teens . This is a major hit and my 9 year old loves this game .
 This game is fun and easy !! If you played Mario Party 4 for Gamecube and loved it , you 'll like this game too . There are alot of short and easy mini-games to play in it . So , it may be too easy for kids older than 7 . I love the basketball and the squirting mini-games the most . I 've only had the game for a week now but I play it every day when I get home from school .
 this a great game . you have so much levels and so many characters to choose from . overall this is a great game to pass time by or just brighen your day if your bored .
 This has to be one of the best games available today for younger children that enjoy playing on the Gamecube platform . This game offers more levels that most adult oriented games but the challenge is set at a level in which younger hands can prevail.My daughter simply loves this game ! There are so many things to do that she never runs out of enjoyment or challenges . The best part of the whole game is that the violence is non existant compared to some games available.Worth the money and your child will enjoy it for hours and hours.Bottom Line
 RUGRATS
 This was the first game I ever bought for my sons 's Gamecube . I bought it before I realized that most `` tie-in '' type games are no good -- just brought out to make money . But somehow I lucked out wtih this one ! It 's been one of our most played games . The premise is that the babies have to climb up Angelica 's playhouse and defeat her . On the way , they go to all kinds of levels and do all kinds of activities -- races , collecting things levels , snowball fights , driving around the moon in low gravities -- quite a lot of different types of fun ! You have to collect batteries on each playfield to unlock more playfields , and you also collect cash as you go along to `` buy '' mini-games at an ATM . I admit I wasted some hours collecting money as I wanted to see what the minigames were like ! My younger son adored the snowball battles , as he could play it with his father -- my husband likes simple games to learn and play ! We all completed the game eventually , but it has a lot of replay value , without being frustrating . The only complaint I really have is the annoying voices -- the kids say the same things OVER AND OVER AND OVER until you feel like you will go insane just from that . Turn the sound down and this problem might go away !
 Loved this game , so much fun my 4 year old brother loved it , with its many levels and characters . So much fun , and awesome i could find it at this price .
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult gamer.This is my review on Rugrat 's Royal Ransom - GameCube game.I love this game I have both version 's too . PS2 Format & now GameCube format & I can honestly say there the same game but for some reason the GameCube version seem 's tiny bit easier either that or it 's because I have the game in easy mode but it does n't matter to me I love this game the graphic 's are awesome . I love playing this on my Wii I beat level 's in the GameCube version that I could never beat in the PS2 version over all good game . I highly recommend this game for any age . Get this game you 'll love it I know I do.Oh by the way beware the GameCube version is extremely hard to find game . PS2 version I ca n't say the same about sorry ... Happy Gaming everyone !
 I wanted to say that I just bought the Rugrats game for PlayStation 2 for my 10 yr old son . Although I have not played it , he enjoys it if I sit in the family room and watch him play . I must say , every time I glance at the TV he is playing some new adventure . He is hooked to say the least ! He likes it because it has the real Rugrats Nickelodeon characters and I like it because it is not obnoxiously violent like some other games . Two thumbs up from a parent !
 Rugrats are back so pull up your dipers for a game that you 'll love.And fun to the top level .
 I played Cabela 's Big game hunter ultimate challenge , and enjoyed it very much . I immediately bought this as soon as it came out . The graphics are even better than Big game hunter , there are tracks behind the vehicles , everything has shadows , and the hunter even leaves footprints behind . The new ` deer finder ' arrow is a very cool new feature and gives the game a more arcadey feel . The mission based play of this game is very cool , and the range of levels and deer are just right . The models for the hunters are improved also . Lots of great gadgets and hunting gear are available to the player including a ` predator ' style heat vision and a night vision scope ! All in all a lot of fun . A little easiser than BGH but BGH was kinda hard . You can change the difficulty to suit yourself . I am so glad that activision are supporting the genre on consoles !
 the thrill of the hunt brouht to you ' r playstation game consol!great fun to shoot deer ! if ya shoot em a couple a times you can run em over ! includes the elegle ta shoot seeka deer ! it 's worth the bling !
 This game is simple and fun as you beat different levels you unlock new animals and tools of the trade . For a more exciting hunt .
 Actually I have a question and do not know where to go to reach those of you out there that do play this game . It seems when I get through with the 2nd level and click okay to move on to the next level ... the game freezes up . Is there something I can do to stop this , is there a need to upgrade , or download something from the internet that will help ? When it does freeze up I have to reboot -LRB- which ca n't be good for my computer -RRB- and then I always have to start from the beginning because it does n't save from where I left off . I certainly welcome any suggestions . The operating system I use is Office XP and my video card is approximately 300mb . Thank you in advance for your assistance in this matter .
 I bought this for my son for Xmas and he loves the game . It 's one of the few games that he has had for over a week and has yet to beat it . My son says that the dinosaurs and monsters are fantastic . He gets so engrossed in it that I actually have some quiet time for myself . This game was the best buy !
 Originally , A Sound of Thunder was for the ps2 , xbox , gamecube , and gba . But it got cancelled and it is only for the gameboy , and it is a great game . It is about a tourist on a time travel safari to hunt dinosaurs in the jurassic age and accidently changes the course of evolution that affects the future in drastic ways . The graphics are good for a gba , and the sound is ok . In the game you get to solve many puzzles , use different items , drive vehicles and shoot mutant creatures and plants while trying to stay alive in the game . Some guns you will get is an assault rifle , shotgun , grenade launcher , and stun prod . The monsters you will face are spider-cats , wolf-crocs , rhino-bulls , stag-dragons , and many hybrid animals and ferocious bosses . This is a good game to have on your gameboy advance with its great graphics and it excellent story line .
 It is a very nice controller at a very reasonable price . Kids love the Minnesota Twins and love using controller .
 This Brawler game is amazing . Arcade Brawlers like TMNT and Bucky O'hare and Double Dragon have n't seen much love , but Advance Guardian Heroes progresses the malnourished game genre with its intense gameplay and innovative counter system.The story is great ; you are this rampaging hero that has been resurrected in an effort to stop the evil forces of some Magic and Machinery Empire that is threatening the world . Every stage introduces new environments and a special character boss with a uniquely strong attribute whom you must fight and then absorb their powers . This all leads up to a fight with the biggest Blackest Boss Ever.It has simple controls for Combat , Melee or Magic . Diving toward enemies is loads of fun . You will find yourself pummeling a ton of foes against overwhelming odds while in a dog pile within each stage . Beat the game on Harder difficulties to unlock other Modes like `` ENDLESS ; '' in which an endless supply of bad guys will poor into an arena while you play exterminator . When you collect enough crystals and donate them for research , the game unlocks all 20 characters.After I unlocked everything , beating it on the Hardest mode , I focus all my attention on TRAINING mode where you can play as any Character , set the 3 CPU opponents on Random Characters , set your own rules -LRB- Teams or no Teams -RRB- in any stage , for a crazy free-for-all fight-fest . It 's just so cool.Don ' t see how anyone who enjoys brawlers could n't enjoy this one . Perhaps it is because this brawler turns Brawling games into a sort of puzzle challenge , balancing Blocking Countering Magic spells and Attacks . You ca n't just Mash the buttons and expect to win , this game requires skills and will teach you skills.Also if you have a child who wants a game they can beat easily , in training mode you can adjust the player 's handicap to 50 + and make the 3 opponents low like a Handicap level of 3 + . It will make that 3 or 4 year old feel like a master ! LOL!Me ? I set my guy -LRB- Gingiro -RRB- and everyone else -LRB- random foes and colors -RRB- at Level 10 + and Play one Training round after the next -LRB- Elevator stage -RRB- for hours on end.Enjoy ! and great game TREASURE ! -LRB- the game developers -RRB-
 All in all this game is amazing !!! I 'm sure all yuo old school sega fans out there know what I 'm talking about . The ground breaking genre defining Guardian Heroes!orgionally , the first Guardian Hero game came out on the legendary sega saturn and there was and still is nothing like it . If you have n't played the first one then your out of luck because it 's sold out -LRB- lucky me , I have a copy ^_^ -RRB- The story may be confusing if you missed out on the first GH because the people who are being assimilated into the main character are actually from the first game ! It was a bit sad to know that they 've all died , but it was absolutely a must for the developing storyline.If you 've played the first one I 'm sure you 'll agree the way the story goes is PERFECT ! I wish I could give this game 10 stars ... Long Live Prince Valgar !!!
 This game is fast paced and action packed . All the moves are easy , the versus mode is fun , controls are tight . 2 minor complaints
 Read Part 1 first on the Saturn Gardian Heroes . I put on the 1st part there are several diffrent endings adding replay value this game this game alone should warrant a purchase of a Sega Saturn I purchased the Sega Saturn Gardian Heroes for $ 113 but do n't spend over $ 100 like I did . IMO best game on the Saturn . Never played this sequel is it any good cause I might check this game out . Like I put on the 1st part of the review I ca n't do this game justice .
 Either if you are an old pacman fan -LRB- remember Atari 2600 ? -LSB- yes , the console -RSB- -RRB- or you are just intrigued on how this game got its own arcade game , you may be looking at the right xbox title . This is a SINGLE player game -LSB- for all the 3D games , but i 'll explain this later on -RSB- , and it 's basically a crusade to find the stolen golden fruits from PacMan 's village . There are way more enemies other than the old ` Spooky ' and friends and many levels.pros : + immediate hands on experience + 2 gaming modes
 My kids ages 5 -LRB- boy -RRB- and 8 -LRB- girl -RRB- love this game ! They are obsessed ... It is the one that has been able to keep their attention more than any other so far .
 Finally an XBOX game I can play when my mother comes to visit !!! This game is a breath of fresh air . The 3D action is a neat twist to the 2D graffics of the older versions . As you advance levels you un-lock the older games and can play them !!! The only down side is the fact that it is only a single player game . But hey , who cares it is a lot of fun !!!
 It was a very good value for the money and the sevice and response time was excellent . I would not hesitate to buy here again !
 This game is so good i play it all day long and my kids ask me can they play i keep telling them later and it been two days and i still have it ... hahahaha fun
 I have n't played this game myself yet but I will . I 've been watching it being played by the person I bought it for and it looks like an absolute blast . I 'm looking forward to playing it just as soon as I get past some other games I 'm in the middle of right now .
 I absolutely love this game and I would recommend it to all ages . It 's the original Pac Man with a twist and so is a great game for kids . On the other hand , it 's an extremely challenging game in certain levels and can manage to frustrate even the most veteran of gamers . Nonetheless , with persistance you can make it through and it keeps the game from getting too easy . Finally , there 's the fact that you can unlock some of the older Pac Man games that have always had Pac Man fanatics begging for more .
 Pac-Man World showed that while people are now looking out for games with guns , explosions , and those other kind of things , there can still be a good game that does n't need any of that . The sequel has shown the same thing.PMW2 plays a bit like the first game , but with several improvements . For instance , there 's a fair difficulty now , and the camera angles are like how it usually would be in an average 3D game.The gameplay is really fun . You have what you had in the first PMW
 My 8 year old is pretty much engaged with this game . The graphics are very well done . It is in 3D style and has a lot of levels for one to play . I downgrade it a little bit because it takes a lot of tokens to play the old school games in order to unlock them in the arcade room . The one game that has been unlocked is much harder to play than the original . Overall 4 out of 5 stars .
 This game is fun for all ages although my daughter is much better at it than I am !
 Real fun and a good challenge . I got my moneys worth in this game !
 I bought this game for my kids . They all like it and are able to play it easily . Their ages are 3,5,8 and 10 and they all are able to play it and enjoy it . I recomend this game for young kids and beginning gamers .
 again , the kids love to be able to play on dad 's xbox , and this one 's kid friendly . and fun .
 Hi , Pac-man world 2 is VERY fun to play . I am on the 9th level and it is very hard , challenging , and surprising . U never know what is gon na happen next . That 's why i would reccomend this game to other people .
 Ok the first thing you need to know before purchasing this item is that it is just the two CSI computer games CSI and CSI Dark Motives put into one Xbox game with no improvements or additions to the game . This being said - why would someone buy this game ? I honestly bought it not knowing this , but to tell you the truth I was happy I did anyways . The game translates well to the Xbox , and gameplay is instinctive and easy to learn . The best thing is , all the bugs that were in the Dark Motives CSI game are gone , which makes the game much better . Another bonus for having the game on the Xbox , is how much free space you 'll gain once you uninstall the CSI games from your PC . -LRB- I gained several GB myself . -RRB- Now I 'm aware I 've been writing this review from the viewpoint of someone who already owns these games for the PC . Now if you 've never played these computer games , you 're in for an excellent treat on the XBOX . The game is excellent with the real voices of the cast putting the icing on the cake as far as reality of it . If you 're a CSI nut like myself , this is the game for you . Even if you 're a casual CSI fan , but just enjoy the crime solving aspect of the game - this would be an excellent pickup for you.The best part is how it sucks you into the game . This game will easily take over 20 hours of your time . A deal at the price , as the computer games alone would cost about 40 combined . My final word - pick it up !!
 Right off the bat I 'll confess that I am a fan of point and click games AND I 'm a fan of crime solving games . So , from that , you can tell that this game was right up my alley.The graphics are a bit bland , and you WILL get stuck . You WILL end up talking to each person about each scrap of paper in your inventory . You WILL drag the cursor over each minute pixel looking for that one smear of oil or dried blood stain you need . But when that final cinematic plays and justice is wrought at your judicial hands , dang , it is all worth it.Also , the writing is actually really good . There 's a lot of twists to the cases and I was intrigued by how they would turn out.If you have the patience , or if you 're looking for some murders -LRB- and an arson or two -RRB- to solve , this is you cup of tea .
 I like a lot this game , because you can become an investigator , its very interesting how to find the hidden clues . It has nice graphic too its very fun for play .
 it was fun as a game that your looking for forensic clues about murders and interviewing suspects and people that may have clues . finding evidence in rooms like hairs and fluids and what not that you need to look for and then properly put away and then test later in the lab . theres different tools you use for different procedures . all in all a descent game and then towards the end there is a twist in the plot too which is interesting .
 I had this csi game before and I liked it . I bought it again and loved it !!
 I loved this game and have played it quite a few times now . The first five cases are really easy but the last five can be a bit frustrating at times because they 're longer and more is involved . The graphics are pretty good . I think the cast looks better in the first five cases compared to the last five . My favorite cases are case 7 with Warrick and 8 with Sara .
 FYIWith Windows XP you can run programs in what is called ` compatibility mode ' , and one of the compatibility modes you can choose is Windows 95 . To do this , install the program , then find a shortcut to the program -LRB- in the program 's start menu folder , on the desktop ... -RRB- . Then right-click on the shortcut and select `` Properties '' from the popup menu . In the Properties dialog , select the `` Compatibility '' tab . In that tab , check the box labeled `` Run this program in compatibility mode for : '' and select the appropriate Windows version from the dropdown list -LRB- in this case , Windows 95 -RRB- . Click `` OK '' until all the dialog boxes are gone . The program should now work just fine . I run several older programs on Windows XP , and I use this for all of them .
 I personally had no problems getting this game to run . I got it up and running within minutes , and was golfing soon after . I think this game is a joy to play . It gave me the impression of really being able to adjust my body position to hit the ball properly . To ready your swing , you have to set how your feet are positioned and how you angle the golf club , and I thought it was fun being able to do all those things to get the ball to curve just right onto the green , or at the right angle down the fairway . I have n't played many golf games out there , and this particular swing setup was new to me , but I enjoyed it . If you play golf leisurely like I do -LRB- but maybe golf video games more frequently -RRB- , and like to learn about how your body affects your shot , I think you 'll enjoy this game as I did .
 As a person who frequents the golf course on a weekly basis , I can confidently say that this game may give real golf a run for its money . This game is a wonderful simulation of real life golf . The graphics and control settings are by far more realistic than any other simulated golf game out there . Unlike many other virtual golf game , Prostroke provides players with the ability to simulate the skills needed when playing a real golf game . I found myself angling my body as well as the club . I was even perfecting my footwork for the perfect shot . The game was great . I would recommend it for anyone who does n't always have time to run down to the golf course or just simply feels like hitting a few rounds from the comfort of their own home .
 In response to the previous review , buyers should beware of their own systems and the requirements for games . Ultimately , the lack of response by Oxygen is probably frustrating , but potential buyers should look at system requirements before purchasing a game.I suggest those who have the proper systems and are interested in this game give it a shot .
 Having stated that this is my kind of game with such enthusiasm , I must go on to state that it might not appeal to everyone . It may move a bit too slowly for the twitch-shooter crowd , but then again , I 'm currently playing it on ` easy ' setting , so bumping that up to ` normal ' or ` hard ' may fix that if you think it needs fixing . This is a first-person shooter of the highest magnitude . First though , let me tell you what I look for in an FPS game , and you can keep that in mind while you read my review . My priorities are primarily atmosphere and exploration . Run and gun action comes pretty low on my list . For instance , I loved ` Doom ' because of its immersive atmosphere and sense of place . Not because of all the action . ` Revolution ' is a very unique game , primarily because of its totally stupendous level design . At the time of this writing I was unable to find any information on this game , so I took a chance based on the screenshots on the box cover . And let me tell you , those shots do not do the game justice ! I wandered around within the game for a good hour with my jaw hanging open at how drop-dead beautiful this game is . It is a futuristic city and it is huge ; a far cry from the claustrophobic settings that I 've been accustomed to in most shooters . ` Jedi Knight ' had the same effect on me when I first played that game back in ' 97 , but ` Jedi Knight ' has nothing on the vast and absolutely stunning architectural grandeur of ` Revolution ' . Having not been able to find info on this game at the time of this writing , I 'm going to go out on a limb and guess that it uses the Quake 3 engine , but it looks nothing like Quake 3 . I was awed by the vastness of the areas . It is really an experience you wo n't forget.The first several hours and several levels I did n't run into a single opponent , and I thought there was something wrong with the game . Turns out I was in the tutorial . But it 's the most gorgeous and non-intrusive tutorial I 've ever seen , and you do n't even know it 's the tutorial . Just seeing a large part of the city this way was a pleasure to me . More tutorials should be this good!This game graphically has no peer at this time . Excellent use of lighting , colors , and architecture . I felt like I was really in an actual place . Hell , even if there were no guns or enemies , just seeing this place is easily worth the price of admission . The artists and designers clearly spent a great deal of time on this , and I thank them . Ambient sound -LRB- such as wind , machinery , and the cool flying cars passing by overhead -RRB- is also well-done . The gameplay is really nothing new however . The puzzle solving is pretty easy and you basically just have to accomplish some fairly straightforward missions . You get a few decent weapons and they work just fine . If you 're like me and appreciate atmosphere over action , you 'll love this game too . My review system is a self-built Athlon 1.2 ghz . with 512 mb ram and a geForce 4 Ti4200 128 mb video card . The game is stable on this system and I have experienced no crashes , however I have found myself stuck on two levels -LRB- ` Confluence Point ' and ` Biodome Pt .2 ' -RRB- for several hours due to apparent bugs in the game that would n't allow my exit doors to open . I solved ` Confluence Point ' by pure good luck -- instead of riding the platform through the door , I stood in front of the door while the platform approached and when the platform hit me , the door opened . The other one I solved by reloading the game twice and the door finally opened . This is a fairly linear game , but sometimes your goals are kind of unclear , partly due to the fact that this game was developed in Romania and the English translation in your mission objectives is pretty bad . I 'm still a bit uncertain as to what I actually did to finish certain levels . This game has some minor flaws , but it 's still a must-have in my opinion.Edit -- I added this last paragraph 2-4-03 . Previously -LRB- the first part of this review was submitted 10-26-02 -RRB- , I had given this 5 stars . After having made it through about half the game , I find myself hopelessly stuck . After some searching on the web , I find that I have wasted several hours looking for an impossible answer as to how to continue . Apparently , the final version of this game was never play-tested . The company has released a huge patch to correct this , but these kinds of game-killing bugs should never have shipped in the first place . And while I can understand a few bugs in a game , what really ticks me off about this is that these bugs would have been incredibly easy to fix had someone just taken the time to play through the entire finished version just once before release to make sure a player could at least finish the game without having to download a 21 meg patch and start all over . I still score it high for its atmosphere and sense of wonder . And at least they did release a patch -- some companies would n't have bothered . A great deal of work went into creating this game , and I recommend it to people who are willing to download the patch . If however you do n't want to bother with the patch , you will become incredible frustrated wondering if you are n't able to continue playing because you missed something , or because of design flaws . Purchase ONLY if you are willing to patch before starting . So my final score would be as follows
 I set this game up . I played it . I found it very satisfying . I did not see any problems outside of the normal ` once-in-a-while ' clipping deal . I had no lagging during play or anything . I found the save system liberal . The settings -LRB- from easy to hard -RRB- were distinctly different . Easy was very much so . Hard was VERY much so.The graphics were smooth , the play areas were HUGE . The AI was only decent . But , most games fall short of good AI.It installed easily and played well on a moderate system . 900 MHZ ATHLON . 1 GB RAM , 64 MB DDR GEFORCE 4 4200 , SOUNDBLASTER AUDIGY GAMER . Do n't let anybody turn you away from this one . If you enjoy strategy , and a good shooter combined , this game does a fine job of delivering with less bugs than most high profile games that are released . Note
 This is an excellent product . Very easy to use and loads of information ! Worth of money !
 I got to the first levels easily by following Donald 's Instructions . Wow is it fun when the higher -LRB- hidden -RRB- level appears . I was unprepared for it . Much more fun than the earlier levels - but you have to achieve results to get to the higher level.Only problem at the higher level -LRB- hence 4 stars not 5 above -RRB- is that Donald really plays hard ball.You are battling against Donald and no matter how much you paint him into a corner the man will not lie down.I for once would like to beat Donald at this game and so far when i am battling him i have not . It is so tough to beat him.Fair is fair Donald . I have had 120 more properties than you . Income of more than 300 million than you . Assets far exceeding yours . In fact i have even bought up all your property and you have been left with zero income . And still you end the game with ` time 's up ' just when i have your back to the wall.So that is my only criticism - Donald refuses to concede defeat and hides behind the ` time 's up ' rule when it is clear he is being beaten completely.Just once Donald i would like you to come on with the voice you use earlier -LRB- when one passes through the first levels - and then hears your voice -RRB- - and for you to then say `` boy you really beat me this time ''
 Just occasionally you can earn extra for a property - but only occasionally . I still have to work out WHY it happens - but just occasionally i get the property set for a particular rent and it doubles the rent i receive for that property . I love it when it happens - perhaps it is an attempt to show that some suckers will pay more to rent a property than it is really worth . But it does assist your income stats when this glitch occurs .
 Hey not many people I know watch the apprentice but pretty soon everybody I know will play the computer game of it ! It totally rocks ! You have to try it . Donald Trump is amazing . I love the game . And I got it from amazon for a really cheap price . Amazon has the cheapest prices you could imagine .
 I am a huge fan of The Apprentice and of The Donald -LCB- Donny I 'll refer to him as I review this game -RCB- And so when I first heard about this game I just had to have it and so when my mom first installed the game and when I played it for the first time Donny 's soothing voice just sent me to heaven and just playing the instructions over and over made me almost wet myself just to hear his soothing voice . What I loved about this game is that whenever you buy your property building in your empty lot it automatically builds it for you . Just makes me wish The Sims had this option too LOL . The only things I wish the game had is an option to take out a loan for more money rather than just wasting the money you have and to have Donny offer you hints to help you out . If you have the chance Please Elise do yourself a favor by buying this game and support The Donald , Thanks so much for creating this game and helping your fans like your game as much as your show Mr Trump , Your fan and biggest crush Dasani
 i took me 6 days about four hours of hard work to give you a heads-up on this case , first of all the case henges are not long enough to trip the cd-rom motor on , thier is a tiny switch under one henge the v13 playstation 2 i have has a longer henge , i used a folded piece of paper to put over the tiny switch soo that when you close the lid the cd-rom will turn on and spin.also i would like to add that the screw holes in the blue clear case are not deep enough to accomadate the old screws you will have to find shorter ones , because i learned the hard way i tried to force them in and all the screw heads rounded off because thier made of cheap china metalmake sure that you wear gloves when taking out your ps2 from you old original case your oil from you fingers will show up on it crome finish and be thier for ever i tried to clean off do n't work.i looks osome when your done , no instuctions in box beware !!! i had to go online to find them .
 This is fun in every way and lets you have control of the dimension of play . I 'm glad i bought it .
 Great game and lots of fun . I was impressed with graphics and game play . It is well worth the price .
 Well , what can I say . This is a superb racing game , where you have the freedom to buy your own car , fix it up , change out motors and more . That is , if you have survived the bug issues that have plagued the game since it 's inception in October 2002 . Once you obtain 3 patches Activision will provide , then , things seem to run great . The only exceptions are -LRB- Sometimes slow frames -RRB- . -LRB- Sometimes the game just turns off , with no explanation -RRB- . Then , you loose all of your memory . I have played this game for 6 months . I have learned a ton of tricks and things that have enabled me to finally become a millionaire in the game . Once you get past the 1st level , that is when you can get to the top fast . There are so many secrets and hidden places in the game , that I still find new things about every week . The inventors of this game must have taken it from the movie , The Fast and the Furious . Even Vin Diesels car is in the game . Of course they call it something else . I Wo n't say . But you will find out . When this game works well , it is a rush it seems from hell ! but when the game crashes from time to time , Oh , this is not pretty . Now I am addicted to this game having learned so many short cuts . If you love cars , and street racers , you have to get this game . Mine is PC Version.Good Luck and Have Fun !!! Dirk David Todd
 this game is out of this world !!!!!! it works great , you can do anything you whant and how you whant , its the way any racing game should be ps . you got to get this !!!!!!!!!! and more games shall be made !!!
 This is the best racing game ever it does not work on my though it works on my friends computer so good it like me and him are really driving we got so many customized cars one of them is a huge engine in a civic like vehicle so u that said it ... your wrong this the best game ever , rock on people so bye .
 Those who know the ` Harpoon ' series of naval wargames will , most likely , know the original Harpoon II game , which was a vastly improved version of the original PC game . I guess the original Harpoon PC game has been around since the early nineties , a DOS version of the board game around for some twenty years at that time.There were some limitations to the original Harpoon - for instance that the game engine did n't take into account land - and seascape height and depth profiles . Despite its shortcomings there were enough fans to produce some five or six ` battle sets ' in quick succession , but the publishers very soon felt the urge to add a second , more advanced , more realistic product line , which became ` Harpoon II ' . The UI was updated , videos were added , full sound support introduced , and there were three Battle Sets with some thirty or so new scenarios . Unfortunately , that was about it for very long , Threesixty going out of business and the rights to the game changing hands quite often , and with a Windows '98 version produced only for Harpoon I -LRB- dubbed ` Harpoon Classic ' -RRB- . I never got Harpoon II to work properly under Windows 98 and I did n't even try with XP so I was very happy when I learned that Harpoon 3 was around.I was not disappointed - ` Harpoon 3 - Advanced Naval Warfare ' presents itself as not much more than an XP-version of my favourite naval wargame , updated with some scenarios and now including a platform and scenario editor , rexpectively , like they had done before for Harpoon Classic.I would have liked a bit more video support ... the brute inside me would love to see those Russian men-of-war actually sinking ;--RRB- but then , this is a war game played within the confines of a modern combat information center where you rarely see daylight , let alone notice the actions your orders cause . So to me the game is fun , but those of you who look for 3D-graphics , fast aircraft actions or your own look through a periscope while following the bubbled lines your torpedos trail when running towards your opponent on the screen , will be disappointed . This game definitely is not for you.Recommended , however , for all those armchair admirals -LRB- and other simulated flag officers -RRB- out there who want to get the real feeling of a CIC .
 Our family loves the whole line of computer games . We were happy to find a new title we did n't have . Works great , came in on time and was a great price ! This one is for older kids with a longer attention span .
 I kind of missed out on this game . I played every RE games well except for the outbreaks and the gameboy version . I didnt have a dreamcase so i could n't really get this game . Though i did have a PS2 , i really did n't pay attention to this game , rather from 1-5 . This game is amazing , the graphics is stunning and the hazy structure adds a scary visual to the game . Lots of gameplay hours and fun . Claire is too legit of a character , much like RE2 . Claire should make an appearance in the newest RE .
 I admit ... it was the ColecoVision version of this game that I have . That 's right , I still have it . This is an old game from the early 80 's out on the Atari 2600 and ColecoVision . It was a terrific game at the time - I had fun playing it , even though I was maybe 3 or 4 years old.The best way I can describe this game is that it was like Pac-Man . Basically , you 're a mouse running around getting little bits of -LRB- I think it was cheese -RRB- , and once you cleared the board of the cheese , while avoiding the mean cats , of course , you made it to another level where the cats were just a bit faster until finally , they were so fast you could n't win the game , as most of these games tended to be . But you did have a way to fight back - if you got a big block of cheese , you would turn into a dog , and then you could ` eat ' the cats , which I thought was absolutely hysterical -LRB- remember , I was maybe 3 or 4 -RRB- . By today 's standards , this game is a dinosaur . The graphics were very basic and it 's from the era when very few games had actual endings . But when this game came out , it was amazing and I 'll always remember it and ColecoVision as the systems that introduced me to video-games ... I remember how ` amazing ' Super Mario Brothers looked with the NES first came out . lol
 My best friend had the ColecoVision system and this is one of the games we played the most . I was never too good at Pac-Man but this game was very similar , though it was much easier to beat and outrun the cat . You could even trick the cat and trap it in a cube -LRB- with the doors that open/close -RRB- indefinitely so you could get the board cleared at your own pace . We 'd trap the cat anytime we needed a break in play ... not many games can do that ! I also remember that the ColecoVision version had custom keypad inserts that slide into the control pad , that way you always knew which buttons did what at a glance , very good idea .
 Resident evil
 I have every RE game and if you ask me I think all RE games are great even this one I dont get why people gave this game a bad review.Its a improvement from resident evil outbreak 1 . You get to pick your own partners and every person comes with a new second personal item and this time if you dont want it you can actually get rid of it and use the space for something else.The items include luck charms , bandages that stop you from bleeding.There are new levels such as the zoo , police department , subway , a wierd level where you go to this castle type thing that has vines hanging from the ceiling and stuck on the walls . Oh and if you 've never played the game before when you enter the hall there will be a guy with an axe he does ` nt die but if you shoot him enough he will run off but find you again later . ANYWAYS!Some problems with the game are it takes awhile to load in between rooms and if your not playing on the internet its hard to get your partners to do what you think they should be doing oh and theres always one partner that insists on going on there own so use the right analog stick to talk to them and they might not leave .
 If you are a fan of Resident Evil , then I would definitely recommend this game . It has some of the most unique levels and enemies in RE history , and it 's challenging yet fun to play.Here are some things I love about this game : - There are different kinds of enemies you encounter and different places to explore . There 's an entire zoo level available from the start , where you 'll fight many different zombie animals . There 's also a subway , an abandoned hospital in the middle of a the Arklay mountains , and you also get to revisit the RPD police station from RE2 and RE3 . All of these are separate scenarios ; there is no clear connection between one scenario and the others.-You can play as 8 different characters , all with different levels of vitality , speed , and very different personalities . If you want to power through the stages , then chose Kevin , the RPD rookie or Mark , the security guard . Both starts a stage with weapons in their inventory . If you 're looking to run away from most enemies , you can select Cindy , who has an herb case to store and mix herbs for extra capacity , or Yoko , who can hold up to eight items at once and has an handy dodge action . Not only do the different characters have different endings , they also make every run through of a scenario different from the last . It 's fun trying to figure out how to use a character best , and also to see which one is more suitable for a scenario.-There 's plenty of unlockable characters , pictures , soundtracks , and playing modes unlockable to keep you coming back for more . There 's 4 difficulty settings that allow you to get used to the control scheme and to give yourself a challenge.Now for the bad parts.-The loading times can get irritating if you are impatient . It can take about 7 seconds going from one door to the next.-Your AI partners tend to just run around getting themselves in danger often . They wo n't always listen to you , and they rarely help you attack enemies . There is no more online for this game , so you can either play solo or try to deal with your partners.-The control scheme can be a bit difficult to master.I can honestly say this is one of my favorite Resident Evil to date despite these flaws . It is one of the more realistic ones , as you get to play as everyday people living in Raccoon City , and it is challenging . The characters and locations are charming , and its got a lot of replay value if you can get past these flaws.I bought this game not too long ago for 17 dollars off amazon . Now it can be found for as cheap as 10 dollars ! If you like Resident Evil but have n't played the Outbreak series , you should definitely give this one a try , or even try the first one since it is even cheaper .
 Something to always look foward to in a Sequal is the gameplay you loved from the first . That 's the Great thing about OUtbreak 2 , it has the same controls , but this time you can CHOOSE who you want to play with you . for instance , If David does not work well with Kevin , but works well with Jim , then you can choose Jim as your partner . Plus you can walk as you shoot ! The only downside is that theres not going to be a Outbreak file 3 : -LRB-
 This game is definetly not for the people who play Resident Evil 4 ; it 's just for the people who are Raccoon City fans.File 2 is better than the first in some ways . You get to choose your partners ; that does n't always have a good effect in the game , but it 's still cool.A big thing in this game was the ability to aim and walk ; the big problem was I kept forgeting I could do that because I am adapted to the other Resident Evils.It looks like the load time from room to room is a little less , but it still gets on your nerves.The costumes are a little better ; they at least look cooler.The elimination and showdown rounds are pretty cool as well . -LRB- I ca n't remember if there were any in file 1 . -RRB- The levels -LSB- I think -RSB- are the best part about file 2 . The police station , the zoo , and the hospital were all really fun . The subway and the lab are kind of boring , but improvements from the last boring levels like below freezing and hellfire.It 's also kind of fun to look for the special items and events when you are replaying the levels.You should probably just rent the game before you buy it , unless you liked file 1 .
 This is a great Resident Evil game . I have been playing Resident Evil games since 1996 . Yes , the storyline is cheesey , but overall it is a great game . I hope Capcom is through makeing stories about Racoon City . I would like more Resident Evil games like Resident Evil 4 . `` Resident Evil forever ! ''
 Very challenging game with great graphic details . I recommend the game and have several in the series .
 Okay , I kinda did n't like the first game too much -LRB- slow gameplay and all -RRB- but this one looked more interesting from the cover and description . So , does this game reek like the reanimated corpses ? NO !! Capcom actually did a very good job putting this game together , fixing a lot of bugs from the other games . Like for instance the annoying Ad-libs no longer have the VO 's and are replced by silence -LRB- my ears stopped bleeding ;-RRB- -RRB- Another cool feature is the ability to shoot and walk at the same time , a first for the series . While it may not be revolutionary , it is quite useful especially against Hunters and these new bug creatures called Mega-Bites -LRB- real original , huh ? -RRB- . Capcom knows that the undead are pretty lame and we need a replacement -LRB- hint
 this product came in on time if not earlier . item was descibed exactly as it was in the description . thanks .
 I hesitated ordering File 2 but could n't resist having another Resident Evil game for just $ 20 . Over all it 's a fun game to play . It 's just that the dumb A.I. characters are a pain to deal with . Most of the time just keeping them alive is a full time job . With friends like that who needs enemies ? However coming down the home stretch and completing the game is a good feeling .
 I mainly bought this game so I can complete my Resident Evil collection , but you only get the actual game disc and not the game case . So I ca n't display it or place it on the shelf ... wonder if i can buy just the case somewhere lol .
 RE fans will love this game . New game play features , like strafe , set this game apart from File 1 . This is an action packed Horror Survival Game ; Besides where else are you going to fight a Zombie Elephant ?
 I 'm a Resident Evil Game Lover and This was a must have for me , It 's a good game I would recommend for anyone that likes this kind of stuff.to buy this .
 This game simply , put is the last resident evil game to ever come out that sticks to the original formula that made the series what it is today . Before the now all to common mindless third person shooter without any puzzles came out , there was resident evil . Resident evil franchise now consists of mindless shooting -LRB- third person and first person -RRB- and big explosions . The great part about this game is its a survival horror game , with good graphics , relatively qiuck load times -LRB- abou 6 seconds -RRB- , challenging puzzles , fun bosses/monsters , intense weapons , and a quick engaging storyline . this game has all the great aspects of past resident evil games plus the edition of hundreds of collectables will keep you playing for weeks.sadly online is no longer supported so you will be all by your self but no worries , you have two optional ai partners by your side . there are 8 characters to choose from plus an addition 40 more to be unlocked . you get a doctor mechanic reporter waitress a cop etc etc ... . buy and enjoy
 Let 's admit it , the first Resident Evil Outbreak had the BEST levels , but it was kinda blah after that . Outbreak File
 When I went to my local game store to pick up the next two installments of the RE series , I was told to skip these two -LRB- Outbreaks -RRB- because the AI sucked.But I 'm glad I did n't because even though the AI was at times irritating , I `` turned it around '' and merely viewed it as a challenge.In fact , I actually felt like it added to the atmosphere of the game by adding a psychologically maddening feel . I mean really , if you were in a situation with zombies crawling all over the place , I 'd think you 'd have a bunch of idiots around you , some of them rambling incoherently , backstabbing you by taking items that you need , etc. etc.So , it made the zombie experience more authentic for me . Since I played them all in chronological order of release date , the much improved graphics enhanced the experience even further.I would likely go back and play RE : OB 1 & 2 again .
 Oh , my real name is Jordan R.Brown and yeah , I 'm using my mom 's account.Just letting you know.I 'm a huge fan of Resident Evil movies and games.But , when I first played this game , it was good and then I got it.I 'm not even afriad of Resident Evil monsters but , I like Resident Evil Outbreak better but , there are some things missing in file # 2 but , i 'm not sure but , overall it 's good but , it 's just missing some things and parts that are making any sence but , yeah i agree with with all of you.The puzzles are complicated but , I think `` UnderBelly and `` Despert Times '' are one of the most puzzles one because , it seems very frustrating and confusing and plus , they are some characters that you need for those chapters.But , I still think it 's a good game but , I still like Resident Evil Outbreak better.Resident Evil is one of the best horror games I ever played.Resident Evil Rules !!
 Had so much fun with this game . Never did play it online . The only frustrating thing was that you are infected to begin with and you might get close to the end and die from infection .
 The controls are a lot easier , and the ad-libs are improved . The game has a `` Training Ground '' scenario , which is actually the outbreak scenario from the first game , abbreviated , so that you can learn the controls.The first real scenario is `` Wild Things , '' which takes place in a zoo . It 's a lot of fun , except it 's very annoying to have the elephant chase you around . But the mutant tigers and heyenas are pretty cool . The second scenario , `` Underbelly , '' takes place in a subway . It has tick-like monsters that grow when fired upon , which is very interesting . The third scenario is my favorite , called , `` Flashback . '' It takes place in an abandoned hospital in the middle of a forest . It 's very ominous , and a masked man chases you with a hammer ! It involves plant monsters , and has awesome zombies with flowers growing out of their heads!The fourth scenario , `` Desperate Times , '' takes place in the police department of Resident Evil 2 and 3 fame . It 's cool to see an upgraded , PS2 version of the station . There are intriguing puzzles that do n't interfere with the continuity of the other games , and actually help to enhance it . The annoying thing is that rooms are pumped full of gas at random that will harm you , and you must use special canisters to counteract the affects of the gas . The fifth and final scenario , `` End of the Road , '' moves from a secret lab , to the sewers , to the streets of Raccoon City , from the `` Outbreak '' scenario in the first game . It 's great to see the Tyrant protecting you for a change , and it also features the return of the hunters.As with the first game , the virus meter is very annoying , and largely dictates the pace of the game , since you need to acquire as many health items as possible and use them quickly . But their are even more things to unlock , and more fun to be had .
 This game is a bit creepy I hack the game once and a while but this game is just awesome 5 new stages awesome walk with a gun awesome -LRB- or I think you can walk with guns -RRB-
 With multiple objectives , this game will keep you coming back to play again and again . First , find the way out . Second , search for secret items . Third , see how quickly the scenario can be completed . Fourth , do the first three objectives in one of the four difficulty levels.Some fans may find it a bit boring after Resident Evil 4 as this game has more of a classic Resident Evil feel . Also , even on the easier modes , this game is very challenging . It 's not for the impatient or easily frustrated.I gave it five out of five for fun , overall play and another 5 for replay value . No Resident Evil collection is complete without this game .
 The NBA logo on this controller -LRB- which is a small piece of fitted plastic -RRB- fell off this controller the first day I had it , but it was nevertheless easily glued back on and has been a perfectly good controller since . No real complaints and it 's stylish . My son likes it very much .
 The Game is ok but will quickly get boring , bellow I will list pros cons and suggestions for improvements.ProsGood MenusLoading time has improved a lot over last yearGameplay is just like ps2 versionBetter GM modeMany MatchesConsThe graphics in game are bad , they should cut down on the amazing , ps2 identical graphics in menus and use that memory in the game so the menus have bad graphics but the game has good ones.Season mode is crap full stop . Come on how the developers can even consider some story lines for certain superstars is amazing , its just a lazy effort , preety much all the superstars have the same story line ! Kane is a cowardly idiot chasing after divas , enough said I thinkThere are many gimmick matches but the gameplay really needs improving in themNo announce tablesNo commantaryGreat Kahli is a ultra hevyweight -LRB- if theres such thing ! -RRB- and Big Shows a super hevyweight even that he weighs nearly 100 lbs more . Just Kahli is 20 foot somthin dosnt mean he weighs as mutch as a pick up truck!We have seen the same animations for yearsYourself and opponents get injured to easy and quick it was 2mins in the match and my opponent had a red body on legend difficulty!For 2008 they should increase the memory on UMDs its amazing how memory stick duos can hold 8gb and memory stick micro is now going to have 4gb developed and then you have a UMD 5times larger and can only hold up to 1.8 gbs of memory!The stamina system must be improved , I dont want to hold select after 3 moves , the system should be redoneAlso sumbitons should be alowed on aslong as you want and your opponent/yourself should be able to fight out.Also gimmick matches should get a bit more realistic
 The game is good theme of enternaiment . You must buy it . Good graphics , better sound .
 This game is truley fun to play ! The controls are easy to use ! Now this is what I call Wresteling ! It Rocks Rocks !!
 This game is great but not awesome , here 's why : Cons : no announce table -LRB- PS2 and Xbox 360 have announce table -RRB- , little crowd -LRB- PS2 and Xbox 360 have full crowd -RRB- , characters look very un-detailed -LRB- PS2 and Xbox 360 look like real people -RRB- . Pros : good gameplay , easy to play , kinda fun -LRB- until you lose -RRB- , loading time is n't that slow like 2006 , and fun , This game is great but hopefully 2008 will have a full crowd , announce table , and better looking people .
 Well the Game works perfectly and it actually came 2 days earlier than it was scheduled for . Ca n't beat that .
 This is one of the most entertaining games for PsP in 2007 . The game play is amazing and the Story Mode is very fun !
 its cool cause its hard and fun at the same time and there 's a lot of yor favorite wrestlers u get to fight and play as
 I ordered this product for my neighbor , he is 8 yrs old . He really loved the game and has a wonderful time playing it , he has been lookig to see if there is more games he can order . We got this product in a timely manner and it is great quality .
 this is a great game . it has many people in it and alote of legends but 1 of the turn downs is it does n't have all the WWE legends.i still give it a 5 . try this game out because stone cold said so -LRB- haha -RRB-
 This game is with out any shaddow of a doubt one of the finest psp games available : ProsFun gameplayEasy gameplayAll the superstars apart from a minor fewThe late great Eddie Guerrero is a legend you dont hav to unlockMillions of matchesKeeps you entertained for hoursImproved realismAnaloug control systemFantastic GM mode now you can turn injuries of!ConsGraphics arnt to good , they focus all the graphics on the menus and select screens but not on the superstars in the match , they waste a lot of memory on cosmetics rather than the cosmetic of gameplayNo announce tablesThe Season is really , really crap . I own this on the ps2 aswell and its just really that bad , Undertaker isnt a legend , he s classed as a new commer in his season and fights other legends in a sort of new school v old school , if I remember correctly I seem to remember getting an email from Stephanie Mcmahon saying how we new school can show them old men how its done ! Its undertaker for gods sake ! Also Kane is chasing up divas and acting like a preety boy!No commantarySome good music however there is some terrible ones . . oh my god listning to that money in the bank song is soo boring it makes you want to jump of the empire state.Overall it is a very good game but focus more on the single matches rather than all these gimmic matches
 The psp is one of the best system 's out there for the gamer on the go . The psp has a good collection of game 's and Smackdown vs Raw 07 just add 's to that mix in the big time.The game looks good as it can be for a system such as the psp . They have packed alot of what the other versions ps2 , xbox 360 into the umd disk for psp.Alot of the in ring action found in the other versions is there and any one who follows wrestling that haves a psp will enjoy this game . If younever have followed wrestling but looking for a game that will keep you busy on those long trips to grandma 's house this is the game for you.Smackdown vs Raw '07 is the best wrestling game todate beside 's the '06 version for the psp and is well worth the price to get it where ever you find it at.The control 's might be the only thing to learn better due to the psp not setup like a normal ps2 controller or a xbox 360 controller.The only thing i would do differently is if the rateing system would let you do more then 5 star 's i would have gave the game 10 for sure cause it is worth it .
 Smackdown vs Raw -LRB- 2007 -RRB- does n't only control better than any other version but it has tournerments when the other versions do n't . I think the tournerments are fun too and a nice addition to the game . You have King of the Ring , The Road to WM , Smackdown vs Raw tournerment and a Money in the Bank Tournerment . When ever I play the game for other systems now I always miss the tournerment option that the PSP version has . Plus as far as graphics go , this game looks awesome for a portable game . I do n't like how it controls different for other systems now but this version is the easiest to control . I strongly recommend this game . Smackdown vs Raw 2006 is also a really good for PSP game but this one is surprisingly much better.I think the legend thing should be different for the next . Like if you want Eddie Guerrero you have to play as a Smackdown wrestler in season mode . Plus I think you should be able to unlock legend matches like a body bag match that the Undertaker used to have in the early 90 's . I think you should have to unlock ECW Legends as well . Like if you want Bam Bam Bigelow or Terry Funk `` or the late great Mike Awesome '' you play as an ECW wrestler . I think they should also have women Legends to unlock in the next game as well like Trish , Lita and Chyna.Legends for Smackdown 2008 I 'd wan na see
 This 4x memory card has 492 pages of memory . The only drawback is that you select the active page with two slide switches . Not bad if you understand binary , but a little hard for 7 year olds .
 I bought this for a gift . Im not sure how they liked it . But it came in mail in great time .
 this is a really fun game and it really feels like your a pirate and it has good graphics and good sound , very happy with the game
 Priates 3 game is about as good as a pirate game that you can find . This game takes you thorugh some areas that the movie only touches and the dueling system once it was perfected was about as good as it can be . The only problem wit this game is that you feel as if you are limitted to the moves and the finishes that all the characters have . It does feel as if it was missing something to make it a creat game but I still enjoyed playing it .
 featuring all new sword play mechanics and a well done story concerant with the movie the game is a real plast and one of the first video games produced exclusively by disney .
 I just finished this game and I have to say it was one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I have had on Xbox 360 . As a huge fan of the Pirates of the Caribbean Movie Franchise this game fits in very well with the brand . If you have yet to see At World 's End and want to be surprised DO NOT play this game , the game follows the movie very closely and let 's you play at most of the vital scenes as well as some creative storylines not found in the films.The game is visually stunning and the sound shook my living room . The characters look almost exactly as they do on the big screen . As for the game play , it is relativity easy , but that is what makes the game so enjoyable . It can be played by children and adults . As for its reply value , I feel this game can be played over and over again . There are many hidden elements to the game that are not easily found and I for one will play this game again just to find the hidden items.I highly recommend this game for anyone who is looking for good family fun or a break from the first person shooters and grand theft auto type games currently flooding the video game market.In the end you will remember this day as the day we all caught Captain Jack Sparrow and he is alive and well in our video game collections .
 This game was fun when I got it I was looking forward to getting home and getting started and straight away you will notice that the graphics for this game are great I mean I thought that -LRB- and sorry if I spoil it for anyone -RRB- and the voices are really hard to tell the difference from the real cast -LRB- but I do think the voice of barbossa was here not sure -RRB- I also thought that the battle seens where there are those real fast sword clashes were great.Faults : well trying to use your gun and throwing knives is impossible to aim even with a area filled with enemys.also flashing from character to character was a little annoying but at times it was fun.Overall : well a good thing about this game is that it isn , t a simple button masher it actually has a lot of combos such as being able to punch and throw them around I esplcially like the ability to knee people in the nuts so it was really fun . but with very minor faults no game is perfect
 Honestly , I purchased this game not expecting much , I mean really most pirate games are horrible to play and or look at ... This game just blew me away with its high definition graphics on my hdtv 52 inch screen . I own Oblivion , Resistance fall of man and Bio shock and they ca n't compare to this games graphics ... The sword duel during the maelstrom is well worth the price of the whole game.The sword fighting and duels are fun and interesting and require more attention than mindless button mashing.My only problem is the game is over to quick , waaaay to quick . I really wish it were more open ended like Oblivion to give it more replay value .
 Pirates of the Caribbean At World 's End is a great looking game , visually stunning . That is its strongest feature , and there is a lot of wasted potential but that aside the game is still fun if you are a fan of the movies and like the beat the crap out of things with a sword .
 hi , this is to mention that the product was in perfect condition , fully satisfied with the article , very useful , best regards
 NHL Championship 2000 is the latest hockey game from part of the Radical staff that brought us the underated Powerplay Hockey for the Saturn . Let me tell you , these guys know how to make a REAL hockey game . What do I mean ? First off , the AI is top-notch . The computer reacts to situations realistically-defenders cover for each other , offensive players will crash the net , deflect shots , the defenseman will deliver punishing checks to guys camped out in the slot ... In fact , it is sometimes hard to get a shot off . Also , the player animations are great , especially the goalies . The game features most of the glitz of a Fox broadcast , including the fox-trac puck -LRB- which is n't annoying like it is in real life ! -RRB- and the rosters are very up-to-date , only taking minor tweaking to get them up to speed . And speaking of speed-every review I 've read on this game calls it sluggish , slow ... That is wrong ! The speed of the game reflects the actual speed of hockey . Guys like Kariya , Bure and Salanne are fast . Guys like Kevin Hatcher are slower . This is not a game where anyone on your team can make an end-to-end lightning fast rush . You 're going to have to work for your goals in this game ! The one thing that upset me was the total avoidance of the new overtime rules . It would have been nice to see some 4-on-4 in OT ! Overall , this is a game for Hockey enthusiasts that have been wading through arcade hockey for years and praying for a more acurate simulation of the game they love .
 I was n't expecting much from this newcomer , but I was pleasently surprised . The graphics are best available for the Playstation and the gameplay will please true hockey fans . I like how the the game features passing arrows to help locate teammates .
 Overall the presentation of this game is outstanding , from the commentary to FOX music , fox traxer of slapshots of the `` Comet Tail `` sports sound effects it really make you feel like you are really watching a TV hockey game . You can play all the teams or simulate games during a season mode , something NHL 2000 by EA sports eliminated in this years version , what a drag . In EA sports you can only pick one team to compete for the cup.-boring ! My only complaint is that the guys do n't skate very fast , rather sluggish . But once you play this game for a while you will realize that maybe the funnest hockey game Playstation has to offer out of it 's new releases .
 This is definately the best hockey game I have ever played . Whether you 're looking for an entertaining game or a competative one , this one is without a doubt the game for you . I definately urge you to choose this game over other wannabe hockey games like FaceOff or NHL2000
 this game is great ! i was a diehard EA Sports NHL fanatic for years ... and then EA started releasing horrible NHL gamesz for the playstation ... and i mean horrible . then , i read about NHL Championship Hockey 2000 by FOX Interactive . hmmm ... sounded interesting . so , i ordered it , and could n't wait to pop it into the ole trusty playstation ... WOW !!!!! i 'm tellin ' ya , this game is fantastic !! it is ultra realistic ... sound effects are top notch ... the presentation is like a real broadcast ... the play by play is wonderful -LRB- Kenny Albert and John Davidson are terrific . the gameplay is awesome ... the framerate is a little shakey , but trust me , you should still buy this gem of a hockey game . it CRUSHES ea sports , and i was an ea faithful for years ... all in all , any playstation sports fan should have this game in their collection ... peace and remember to always put the biscuit in the basket !!!
 This hockey game actually gives the player a challenge . You will not be able to score all the time like other hockey games and sweeping teams through the Stanley Cup Play-offs will not be easy at all . Hockey fundamentals come into play with this game and you must know how to run a power play . Great game !
 This game is the greatest , it offere everything from bonecrushing hits to deaking a goalie out of his or her pyjamas . This game and NHL 2000 are really good games and i would give them both five stars , but for Foxs first NHL title , this game is above average .
 Wow..ultra-fast learning curve on this game so can begin having a blast ASAP!Very professionally done . The fact all the players names are used is a major bonus.Get it if you can find it !
 This is Fox 's first attempt at a serious hockey game and promises to begin a long line of games similar to the EA series . As their first try , I think this game is wonderful . It does lack some of the fancier features and that say NHL 2000 has , but NHL 2000 is like the 10th NHL game in that series , they 've made those refinements over time . Radical and Fox will do better with this game too , but right now you ca n't beat the value . The game is challenging and features accurate play on the ice . You actually have to PASS THE PUCK to get up the ice with it as opposed to continuous end to end rushes in your more arcade style games like NHL 2000 and such . The computer controlled players will also actually play defense and stop easy passes into typical scoring areas . The graphics may not be superior to NHL 2000 but I like that the ice surface seems more accurately represented -LRB- NHL 's players always look small to me out there -RRB- and the goalies in this game look much better than NHL 2000 . I love the various save animations and how certain goalies will be more likely to make certain saves based on their style . Check this game out if you want more realism than you 've seen before or check out NHL 2000 if you want to see a ton of goals scored all the time .
 This is Fox 's first attempt at a serious hockey game and promises to begin a long line of games similar to the EA series . As their first try , I think this game is wonderful . It does lack some of the fancier features and that say NHL 2000 has , but NHL 2000 is like the 10th NHL game in that series , they 've made those refinements over time . Radical and Fox will do better with this game too , but at $ 19.99 you ca n't beat the value . The game is challenging and features accurate play on the ice . You actually have to PASS THE PUCK to get up the ice with it as opposed to continuous end to end rushes in your more arcade style games like NHL 2000 and such . The computer controlled players will also actually play defense and stop easy passes into typical scoring areas . The graphics may not be superior to NHL 2000 but I like that the ice surface seems more accurately represented -LRB- NHL 's players always look small to me out there -RRB- and the goalies in this game look much better than NHL 2000 . I love the various save animations and how certain goalies will be more likely to make certain saves based on their style . Check this game out if you want more realism than you 've seen before or check out NHL 2000 if you want to see a ton of goals scored all the time .
 This game kicks a $ $ ! My friend and I decided to rent it and we absolutely love it!I 've played it for about two hours but I decided to buy it after the first 20 minutes ! You CAN actually lift things AND people and THROW them around like rag dolls ! Not to mention the graphics and the bodies DO NOT DISAPPEAR!This game is a must buy for anyone who likes totally cool mind powers while keeping a game that is not a walk in the park to play!Holy -LRB- ... -RRB- !
 Awesome game . Great mix of psionic powers and guns . Lots of `` style points '' available by using a mix of your powers to kill the enemies . It does remind me of the Jedi Knights series of games , but those were great , too . The mind drain power shows a head bursting animation reminiscent of the Scanners movies . Definitely well thought out and researched game .
 I was part of the market research study Midway performed on the original mock up of ESPionage , the working title for this game . We played two levels , and saw the cut scenes and some ad ideas . Psi-Ops is much better than the demo -LRB- as it should be -RRB- . The demo 's controls were awkward , with the Psi powers controlled by the X , SQ , TR and CR buttons , and the actions were performed by the L and R buttons . Also , the Psi-powers and weapons were very difficult to control b/c their was no autoaim feature . Also , the camera did n't move , so you oftentimes you could n't see where you or your enemies were . The finished game is a great action/stealth/sci-fi shooter . I just wish that a larger variey of weapons could be used , crisper control during telekenisis , and unlimited Psi-power . It 's very fun to watch your enemies get thrown around like burning rag dolls . Good times .
 Let me put this as simply as possible ... this game is tight . I got the demo a few weeks ago and I have n't been able to put it down . The games story is about an agent , Nick , that has had his memery erased.You get 5 psycic powers , 1 under consideration.Telekinesis , mind control , mind drain pyrokinesis , remote viewing , and aura view.Each provide you with many ways to get past a problem . For example say there is a group of guards in a room . You could go in guns blasing , take control of one and have them kill each other , or you could light someone on fire and toss him into a large group . This adds a ton of replayablity.Then there is the psi practice room which is incredibly addictive . You have unlimited heal , ammo , and psi energy.Simply put this is an incredible game , with an incredible physics . I give it a 5 out of 5
 Let me put this as simply as possible ... this game is tight . I got the demo a few weeks ago and I have n't been able to put it down . The games story is about an agent , Nick , that has had his memery erased.You get 5 psycic powers , 1 under consideration.Telekinesis , mind control , mind drain pyrokinesis , remote viewing , and aura view.Each provide you with many ways to get past a problem . For example say there is a group of guards in a room . You could go in guns blasing , take control of one and have them kill each other , or you could light someone on fire and toss him into a large group . This adds a ton of replayablity.Then there is the psi practice room which is incredibly addictive . You have unlimited heal , ammo , and psi energy.Simply put this is an incredible game , with an incredible physics . I give it a 5 out of 5
 To start , Psi-Ops
 I have always been infatuated with `` Psychic Powers . '' When I first got hint of this upcoming Midway title , I was enormously enthused I must say . Midway is the reknowned developer of the emmensely popular state-side Mortal Kombat games . I have read many previews of Psi-Ops
 I just got the demo and never even heard about this game really . But the demo changed my opinion totally . The physics in this game are amazing . I 've never seen physics like this , there even better than Far Cry . Not sure how they pulled it off on the PS2.I thought the premise was kinda of hocky but using the powers , especially telekinesis , is the only way to take advantage of the awesome physics . Other games it seems like tacked on but in the demo the physics is your main weapon . I 'm not sure why I have n't heard anything about this game , I was totally blown away by the demo .
 This is a GREAT game.I love telakanesis and the mindcontrol . i got the 2 level demo and i can not wait till it comes out -LRB- ... -RRB- I give this game 5 Stars `` Highly Recommeneded '' REALLY TOTAL WORTH IT TO BUY & PLAY this game on the Sony Playstation 2
 This is one of the best products you can buy for your N64 . It combines the 2 most important/fun addons of your N64 . The best thing is that you never have to remove it to switch from one to the other just hit the little switch on the front . with 4 pages holding about 110 notes its got tons of space and makes it easy to store seprate games/peoples notes/saved levels or boards . all in all i am gon na buy 4 more and i suggest this over any product on the market .
 I have tried both this product and the official Nintendo rumble pack and memory card.Both rumble paks stink , as they are advertised as some earth-moving vibrations . Basically all that happens is that there is a noise of vibration and some very weak feeling in the controller.Also , with the rumble pak switched in the on the position , I have had both Madden 2000 and NBA Live 2000 lock-up on me -LRB- it has never happened with the rumble-pak part turned off -RRB- . However , do n't get me wrong , the memory part of this device BLOWS Nintendo 's single memory card away.For the cheap price of this product you get 4 different memory storage locations which is great.For example , with one of these devices I am able to save the following : setting 1 -LRB- and still have over 100 pages left -RRB-
 When we got the product in the mail we just popped in the batteries and set the switches and away we went . Never had a problem with it , and have n't had to change the batteries yet either -LRB- had it over 6 months -RRB- .
 I have used this pack for almost two years and it is GREAT ! It is very resilient and even after having a chair dropped on it it still worked . The only reason its broken now is that my sibling ripped it out of the controller and threw it across the room . This thing is great .
 This is a great tool for the N64 . It combines two great components of the system . With four memory paks -LRB- 492 notes ! -RRB- and a rumble pak with two rumble settings , you ca n't go wrong . Save all of your games in rumble style ! The only problem is that when you start games with the switch at the memory setting , usually says that your memory pak is damaged . But with a press of a button , you can repair it and your well on your way .
 This is the best deal that I have ever seen ! I purchased this Hyper Pak about a year ago for about $ 15 and I have still not had a single problem with it . Think about it , 4 memory cards and a rumble pack , 1 memory card cost about $ 8 so already that is $ 24 and a rumble pack is $ 20 if you are getting the ones made by nintendo . Sure you may think that Nintendo would last longer and would be better quality but I think that this is just as good if not better and it costs way less .
 THIs is awsome . I have tried a lot of memery packs and rumple packs bout this is the best . Not only is it all in 1 but it works very wel
 There Is Downfalls And Advanteges Between Tremor Pak Plus And The Hyper Pak Plus.The Hyper Pak Plus Has 4 Memorey Banks For Hyper Pak Plus . But The Tremor Pak Plus Has To Use Other Memorey Cards To Save Data So It Is Really Useless . For Rumble The Hyper Pak Plus Has Very Good Power For Rumble.But The Tremor Pak Plus Is Not As Good For Rumble.But Overall The Tremor Pak Is Pretty Good.The Hyper Pak Plus Is Better .
 if your looking for a rumble pack , buy this and get a thunder shock . but if you 'd prefer a gentler touch then you simply lower the setting.You ask me why does this deserve 5 stars , and i 'll tell you , because its the cheaps ' t rumble pack i know and has two settings . i love rumble packs because if you have the music off you do n't know that someone is shooting you so its a cheap & easy present that you can buy someone for christmas.If you ask me its the best of the lot .
 This rumble pack / memory pack is the best one i 've seen out there . It has two settings of rumble and 4 pages of memory which is a heck of a lot for any pack . And for -LSB- the money -RSB- this is a GREAT DEAL !!! I would recomend this to anyone who has ever looked at a 64 . The only complaint i have is that the batteries for the rumble function run down quickly . The best part is when you are playing a game that supports both rumble and memory you do n't have to keep switching packs . Instead you just flip the switch from rumble 1 or 2 to mem and vice versa . I have had no problems with lost memory .
 darn i ca n't sit back like i want to on the couch for it 's to short ... GRRRRR!buy this great product = Problem Solved !
 it works pretty well if u do n't plan on using it for more than a couple months . it BREAKS EASLY . Even if it is turned off during a thunder storm it has a chance of breaking .
 Let me just say that this is the best sonic collection i have played . There are 3 games -LRB- Sonic 3 , Sonic and Knuckles , and Sonic 3 and Knuckles -RRB- . Sonic 3 takes places on the Floating Island , where a new character Knuckles is indroduced , this is my second fav sonic game based on the classic sega Gennies console , u can play as sonic or tails in this game or the two together.Sonic and Knuckles is like a continueation of sonic 3 , where robotnick builds the death egg , and sonic and knukles team up . Also this takes place on the floating island aswell . I 'm not a fan of this because tails is not in it . . and it 's not two players like sonic 3 . Now the best is Sonic 3 and knuckles which is the two games in one ... and it 's not the same . and i 'll tell u why ... 1 -RRB- The two game levels are built into one2 -RRB- Being able to play as knuckles in Sonic 3 , and tails in Sonic andKnuckles levels of the game .3 -RRB- You can turn into Super Sonic and Super Knuckles in sonic 3 and alsoSonic and Knuckles when u collect the 7 Chaos Emeralds . but the bestpart is ... 4 -RRB- With the two games combine together , u get 7 chaos Emeralds in sonic3 ... and when u reach the sonic and knuckles levels . . they are takenaway from u and u have to now get Super Chaos Emeralds ... when u getthe 7 super ones u get Hyper sonic , Hyper Knuckles and the first timeEver , Hyper/Super Tails whish is the most unique character of the 3 . Bythe way . . when playing sonic 3 with tails and gettng all the emeraldshe doesnt turn supper.Hyper Sonic and Knuckles play way faster and have more power than there super from ... it 's just amazing . But tails is the best one of all . . when u get his 7 emeralds and 7 super emeralds ... u will see what i talking about.also the cd comes with cool wallpappers , and a screen saver , and u have teh hold collection of sonic BGM and sound effects from all the games .
 This is a perfect item for those people who love to play their Game Boy . It 's small and compact , so it fits almost anywhere you want to store it . If you 're sick of having to buy batteries or tired of having rechargeable batteries die in an instant , this is the item you 've been looking for . The wire connected to it is about 6 feet long so you do n't have to sit right up against the wall . Just plug one end into the wall and the other into your Game Boy system and you 're ready for continuous game play .
 This little gizmo is awesome . Do you ever find your self battleing the Elite 4 in pokemon , or any other final boss , and then all of a sudden your batteries die ! Right when you were ready to defeat him !!!! Well , the adapter lets you play for HOURS , DAYS , MONTHS , AND YEARS , without purchasing a single battery . The adapter can be pluged in to the outlet behind your couch , or six feat away from your couch , and you still get to sit on the comfy couch . And Best of all , it works for Game Boy AND Game Boy color . If you are a gamer that plays for HOURS , than this is for you . If you just play for 5 minutes at a time , dont bother with it . So go get your favorite Game Boy game like Pokemon , Harvest Moon , or Links Awakening , and find a comfortable spot at least 6 feat away from a outlet , and GAME ON !
 This item is very handy to have if you are playing your gameboy in the house and do n't want to waste batteries !!!!!!
 This product works great for the N64 if you need a cord with a coaxel to the back of your tv . Very hard to find locally . Wanted to play Goldeneye and Super Mario 64 , as well as WWF No Mercy for nastalga purposes and let me tell ya , the picture quality was great . This is by far the best cord on the market . I had bought 2 from amazon because it was very hard to tell from the pictures if this had the cord to go where the cable cord goes in the back of the tv . It does and it works and functions great on my 55 inch HDTV . the other cord I bought did n't have the same picture quality . Thanks NyKo !!
 Nyko is a great company.I recomend you buy their gameswitch .
 Had this game as a child and it kept me busy for hours , even though it only has a couple games it kept me entertained because the games were fun and easy .
 Not one of my son 's favorites but still a cute cd rom game that he enjoys
 I dont have one a the moment but my bf does and its da bom . Im a huge fun of neopets any way and im always on the internet on the website . This handheld toy really brings the fun every where . But were theres an up theres down , you can only play the games 3 times a day and you cant get a house like on the web page . Buts its still GREAT !!!
 I LOVE neopets ! I 've been in neopets for 2 years already and the fun never stops ! I 'm glad that they made toys and t-shirts for us with neopets on them ! I really like the pocket neopets because I can take it anywhere I want without the internet . We have computers in the school but I can only go to neopets 3 times a week in school so this would be fun to play with in lunch ! We can also get rare item codes from the games and get rare items for neopets ! You can make LOTS of money with rare items ! : -RRB-
 This wonderful handheld childs toy is exacly like the website where you can get neopoints and play games . I would buy my child this toy right now . And also if you want your child to stop playing that gameboy advance give them this toy they will love it . But dont let them take it everywhere because they might get adictid to it . So let them play it but not all the time . Again this is a wonderful to and you should buy it for them .
 Pocket neopets is the best virtual pet around . Its much better than a Tamagotchi for its games . You have four movement buttons instead of 2 and some Fast acces buttons you can use with the figure . The problems are its way to big for a VP -LRB- about 10cm long -RRB- and the small figure can get easily lost . That and a lot of commands it may take you a while to understand but its worth it !
 It is fun and cool it is a great game and fun to play .
 This is the coolest toy ! I 've never had so much fun with a toy in my life ! And I think it is educational because it teaches you to care for `` an animal '' lets say . I like this toy alot !!
 I think that this thing is pretty cool , but it does die kind of quickly and I think it needs a few more games . So if you only play it when youre bored , its really fun and offers somethin to do on long trips .
 I just love neopets ! All I play on is when I gt home to the night is Neopets ! I just love this toy , and the activated neopets . They are really fun , its the same as the internet site , but on a mini computer . I just love it so much .
 I do n't have one yet , but am hoping for one on my 12th birthday . I have played on my friend 's , and it is awesome ! It is educational because it teaches you to take care of a pet . Its size is great because you can easily carry it on the school bus , then put it away when you get to school for the ride home . It is the # 1 thing on my birthday list and I hope to get one ! : -RRB-
 This is a great toy ! Not only is it compact , but it 's very cute , colorful , and fun . It kept me entertained for quite a while , and it was easy to use and figure out . You can shop , play games , get trophies , and check the status of your pet . Although there are not many options , it 's still an awesome toy for anyone who loves Neopets .
 It really is like the commercial says ! You can play easier versions of Poogle Racing , Techo Says , Catch and Scorchy Slots . The Mystery Island background is almost just like the one on the site , and the little Kougra is worth the money . It comes with a card of a `` famous '' Kougra and a code to put in the site -LRB- Grundo Warehouse -RRB- . I advise you to pay attention to the `` Ages 6 + '' , because when I was four I got a Pikachu much like this and I hated it . This has any educational value because as someone else said and I agree , when your Kougra packs his bags and walks off into the sunset you learn take the consequences for your actions . This toy is durable , because I 've never broken mine ! I reccomend this toy to anyone who will take the time to go to www.virtupets.com and search for tai112336 .
 I think that this toy is awesome ! I think it is educational because it teaches you how to be responsible . I know you all reading this out there think that I 'm crazy , but I 'm an ultra sensitive person . I feel sorry for the hairs that I pull out of my head . Any way , buy this product . It 's a great gift for Christmas .
 This toy is the greatest!It is soo cool.The games entertain me and I love to feed him . I would have gotten a kacheek but I do n't like the Haunted Woods.I think it is a great gift to get for someone who 's parents are allergic or do n't think you have the responsibility.I just love animals I actualy have 2 cats !
 It is soooooo fun ! You can feed , care and get points all in this handheld toy !!!!!! I Love it !!
 This awsome kougra neopets toy is soooooo cool ! I love neopets myself only online and you can have just as much fun online too ! go to neopets.com and have just as much fun !
 This is a very cool toy.I also liked it 's price.It is very fun to play with.I would recamend this toy .
 This toy is amazingly fun.Not many games but the games are addicting.Great for long trips.The only problem is that the batteries die to fast and it 's hard to find more.Otherwise it is a terrific toy for any kid .
 Pocket Neopets is great.I luv it.It really taught me some good lessons about caring for a pet and spending money wisely.I 've been on neopets for 6 months now and this game really helped my my neopoint problems .
 in not sure what to think i have read alot of other reviews but reading all of those have made me change my mind alot . at first i thought it would be sooooo cool to get one but then they sounded kinda boreing , then when i read how much it was like a tomagotchi i got really extited . i have luved tomagotchi ever scence i got one for christmas , and have been playing neopets ever scence it started . i luv neopets so much and cant wait to get my own pocket neopet . i have changed accounts alot but look me up at jportune
 It really is like the commercial says ! You can play easier versions of Poogle Racing , Techo Says , Catch and Scorchy Slots . The Mystery Island background is almost just like the one on the site , and the little Kougra is worth the money . It comes with a card of a `` famous '' Kougra and a code to put in the site -LRB- Grundo Warehouse -RRB- . I advise you to pay attention to the `` Ages 6 + '' , because when I was four I got a Pikachu much like this and I hated it . This has some educational value because as someone else said and I agree , when your Kougra packs his bags and walks off into the sunset you learn to take the consequences for your actions . This toy is durable , because I 've never broken mine ! I reccomend this toy to anyone who will take the time to go to www.virtupets.com and search for tai112336 .
 This is the best thing that ever happened sence the tomagathi craze and this will last longer !
 i own all of the avalible kougra neopets plushie . I am going to get this toy as soon as i can find it ... . the games sound like alot of fun . but they should have probably put a game like meeraca chase on it . that is my favorite game ! all in all i really think this is much better then previous fads like tamagotchi , digimon , and pokemon . till next time bye !
 I hope they make more of them soon ... I do n't like kougras . They look dumb . But a purple shoyru is like antorcha the second strongest pet in whole neopets . But my fave pet is jetsams . I hope they make more of them . I hope they add like baby jetsams , fire jetsams and things like that too .
 I luv Neopets.com . People who do n't use it need to sighn up quick!Pocket Neopet I will get real soon . Im getting the Kougra . Kougras are off the hee zee !
 I luv Neopets but Kougra is not my favorite pet - the Lupe is my favorite pet . It is pernounced loop
 Wow ! :-RRB- what can i say this toy is great ! Love neopets ? , now you can bring your little loving pet around ! You can play games , explore worlds and just have fun ! this toy is sooooo fun , You should buy it :-RRB- !
 I was very excited when I bought my Pocket Neopet . Kougras are one of my favorite pets , and I LOVE Mystery Island ! So , of course , I got Kougra On Mystery Island for my Pocket Neopet . It 's been a long time since products such as Tomagotchi -LRB- did I spell that right ? -RRB- hit the stores . I , for one , loved Tomagotchi , so it 's no surprise that I also love Pocket Neopets ! ... . There are three Pocket Neopets to choose from . Kougra On Mystery Island , Kacheek In The Haunted Woods , and Aisha In The Lost Desert ! Each Pocket Neopet comes with a plastic figure of the featured neopet species . The contraption opens up to reveal a 3D plastic world on top , where children can play with their figure -LRB- much like Polly Pocket -RRB- . And a small screen is nestled down below . The graphics are that of any Tomagatchi type toy . At the beginning of the game you can choose a name , gender , and personality for your pet . Once that is complete set the clock and begin the game!The object of the game is to earn Neopoints playing games such as
 The whole concept of this game is great but I would think it would be better if you had more options to choose from pets wise . I mean I love the Kougra and all but I have other pets that are more prioratized than the Kougra . For instance Ixi 's are the greatest and that would be one that I would be really anxious to buy . Maybe if they edited the game so that you could choose your pet in the game that would be better . Any how I still bought this game and I love it . I still cant put it down . If you love neopets then this is the one game that is a must have .
 this toy is sooo cool :-RRB- the games you can only play 3 times daily to get np -LRB- neopoints -RRB- and it has allmost the same thing as ... the basic games are1 . poogle solitare -LRB- you tap the left and rite keys as fast as you can to win against other poogles2 . negg drop -LRB- catch the neggs -RRB- 3 . techno says -LRB- memory kinda like simon , -RRB- \ 4 . scortchy slots roll the knob and try to get 2 or 3 of the same shape this game is unlimmited on how many times ypou play
 Pocket neopets are REALLY fun . I love all the games . I recently purchased a Kougra , which is kinda like a tiger . It comes with a little place to put your pet , and a 3-D world inside . It comes with a 3-D pet too . It also comes with a card with a rare item code on it . -LRB- for the website . -RRB- I love neopets , and this is the best thing that happened since the alphabet . It 's educational because it teaches you how to take care of a pet , and also , it shows you to spend mony wisely and that it does n't grow on trees . You need to feed your pet , buy for your pet and make sure it goes to bed on time . Let him sleep in a little 'cause if you do n't he will be cranky . Please buy it , it 's worth the money . I took a chance to see if it was a good toy , and that might be the best chance I took . Long Live Neopets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think this toy is a great way to teach kids about caring for pets . It also teaches them a bit about money and that money is not something that grows on trees ! The small size makes it portable , fun from your own pocket on the go ! The games are a blast , earn neopoints . And all the different worlds to choose from ! I love Neopets , and with this toy you can find rare item codes to put on your online account to get rare items ! This toy teaches , is fun , and is just in your pocket !
 I got this for my birthday and I really love it ! It 's really fun to play with , and it keeps me entertained . The only problem is the clock . If you turn it off , the clock stops . Iv ' e had it for a few weeks , but it says only about one day . Other than that , it 's one of my favorite toys now ! It 's educational because when you get np or you buy something , it teaches addition or subtraction !
 Hi . This is COOOL . 3 cool games and 3 neostores . It 's worth the money ! It is educational because it teaches you how to care for your pet and feed it , play with it and make sure it does n't run away . Even if it was 30 bucks I would have go it still . This little Kougra lives in mystery island discovering new things . On the screen , watch it walk , chase it 's tail and itch it 's fleas . I think age 7 to senior would all like this toy . Does n't this sound cool !!
 Pocket Neopets , the latest thing ... There great , there fun , There pocket neopets , are like accessing neopets offline , lcd screen , lands , rare item codes , sound effects , and 4 or more games!The Kougra one just like the other Pocket neopets , if you dont like him there is always one suit everyones needs !
 The Pocket Neopet Kougra is a great toy if you love Neopets and like electronic toys . Unfortunately , the gameplay is rather limited , and you must feed your kougra three times a day at specific times to keep it happy -LRB- a challenge if you have school . -RRB- Also , the paint on the cover chips easily , and there is one very odd bug in the game that you are unlikely to ever discover . Overall , though , it 's a good toy and I would definitely reccomend it to any Neopets fans!Naniwai _ Illusion
 This is a great toy . It uses some of the same basics as the online game such as playing games to earn neopoints and then buyingthings to keep your pet happy . The cames are fun and simple . The games also teach children how to follow directions . Overall , this is a great toy that any Neopet Fan should buy . It is definantly worth the money to be able to play neopets anywhere not just on a computer . If you are new to Neopets , the game might be a little bit hard to understand but it will still be fun .
 I think this thing is great ! I got one 12 hours ago and it is so fun . The games are simple , the layout is great , and the lighting is good . One complaint ... The games only give you Neopoints the first three times you play it a day , unless you want to play the slots game . Overall , this product is one of the best toys I 've played with . I highly recommend it to all the Neopets fans around . Plus you can take this thing everywhere !
 it was fun educational in side is a whole new world where you learn to spend save and shop and I gave it to my sister and she loved it you can also go online at neopets.com and if you have a neopet accont you get a rare virtule item .
 This I think is the best neopet of all . The size is podable so u can take it any were if you are a new neopet owner . Like me you have to read the instructions book . Anyone 6 + people will like this toy because it is like having a real pet .
 I love this toy ! It is so cool . I think it is very cute ! But it only has four games , but i am ok with that ! I play with it alot . It is sooo cool !
 Its pretty fun ... its more of a Giga-Pet than anything else ... Ummm ... it has a couple of features from the website ... I would reccomend it for n e 1 who likes Giga-Pet type things ...
 There is also a pocket neopets delux ! But i like this one better !
 This toy is fun and kewl - but I lost the grundo piece and could n't find it . Every time i tried to get a code online from it , the thing would reset itself and i would have to do it all over again .
 my daughter julia is a daria fanatic . we went to a computer show and they had a preview of this product . what is it is a basic walk through of the everyday life of daria . it is quite sweet . you can click on the people and place of lawndale . it a great gift for any daria fan !
 I am a 14 year old female who is a Daria fanatic . I bleieve that she is a good role model for the teens of today . That is why I am glad that she has gotten her own software program . Now I can use sarcasm and wit a lot more than I used to be able to .
 This game is all about taking care of your own pet in the world of Tyrannia . Here you will meet a brave and adventurous Tonu , who 'll come along on your adventures . Just as a real pet , you can play with it , feed it , and sleep with it . But if you do n't do the following , your Neopet will pack its bag and leave you-forever . I think thats the worst part of the game , and you will never get that same Neopet again . But if care fof it , it will stay with you-forever .
 i got this when i was 7 it was so much fun day after day playing with the little thing i love it but one day win i was 8 years old it was on my lap in the car and then i looked at may lap it was not ther i looked hunder the seat it was not ther i said to my sealf i will one day fined it but now im 10 years old and i ham still looking for it but i still like it anyway i lost and never fond it . but i do recomed tamagotchi thay are way more better .
 I got this toy for my birthday last year and it is so much fun ! The games are fun to play and it 's a great way to kill time . It 's educational because it teaches responsibility for your pets , like if you do n't feed them or play with them then they run away . Also it teaches simple math because at the end of the games it shows a math problem that calculates how many neopoints you got . It 's durable but once I dropped it and the cap came off . It 's easy to put back together but that happens a lot more now . Overall it 's a great toy and I reccomend to any neopets fan -LRB- atics -RRB- !
 When I read the review of this toy I thout it sounded pretty cool and I bought it . it was really cool at first but after a while it got boring.But over all it is a ok toy .
 Neopethandheld is great . It is a toy to take care of.I got mine at my tenth birthday.And I know it shold have a five star.A Great handheld toy . take care of your tonu . also raise and take care of tonu !!!!!!!! :-RRB- : : -RRB-
 Its an awsome toy but is only for responsible people because if you do n't take care of it it runs away forever and you never get that one again so becareful then you reset them though .
 This toy is the best toy eva . You can play 3 cool games . One is poogle raceing and it is great . The second game is negg drop , you have to catch all the negs but not the black ones.Another game is tecko says . You have to copy the arrow keys tecko does.But you can only play each game three times every day . So They have one game slot machines . You can play those as much as you want . You get to shop for three things toys , food , and petpets . You have to feed the neopet every day three times . The stores restock every day . You have to send your neopet to bed at scertain times . I recomand this toy to girls , or boys 7 and up .
 The pocket neopets are quite interesting . They 're fun to play with while they 're alive but they soon die . They remind me of tamagotchis and scanners
 I love this toy because it 's like an entertainment network 4 me ! I think it 's worth the price because if you think that it 's too much money then you are a weirdo.Don ' t ever let me hear you that it is a bad toy or else ...
 When i found out that there was an AISHA pocket neopet , i went crazy . In case you did n't know , aishas are cat-like alien-like neopets with 4 ears . Yes , 4 . On my neopets account , i have two . Anyway , this toy is fun ! I like the petpets they are too cute ! Very cute animations too !
 I bought this toy in August 2003 and I have loved this thing ever since . This toy is great for entertaining you when you 're bored or teaching kids responsibility . The toy is also great because if you drop it on the sidewalk and the top comes off , you can snap it back on.The only problem is that the paint comes off kind of easily and the instructions are n't too good either.Even so , this is overall a really good toy and i 'm glad I bought it .
 Although it is fun to play , sometimes the aisha can have a temperment ... Overall , I think anyone 9 + would be able to figure out this toy . Some parts are wierd , like racing and how dinner usually costs 600 np ...
 The only reason I got the Aisha Pocket Neopet is because it was the only one there - I probably would have gotten a Kougra or Kacheek before an Aisha , though I do n't mind this one at all.This game is really fun - especially compared to one of it 's oldest ancestors - the Tamagotchi . It just goes to show how far virtual pets have come ! New additions include money -LRB- NP -RRB- , far better games , having to buy stuff for your pet , and best of all - once you beat all the games you get rare item codes to use on the Neopets.com website ! Well - maybe not best of all . I 've used a few codes and have n't gotten anything rare - yet ! I would n't recommend this toy if you 're not familiar with the Neopets.com website ; the manual does n't explain much and even I , a Neopets veteran , had to play around with the thing for several minutes to figure it all out.Everything has a bad side , though - the Aisha Pocket Neopet has a few spelling errors -LRB- Toy Swoard ; Your pet is health !! -RRB- , some glitches , and COULD be a much better game if even a little more time was spent on it - but overall : This is a GREAT game - I have n't tired of it yet and I 've had it for a whole day - which says something ! : -RRB- So if you come across it in stores , and were a big fan of the Tamagotchi way back when , you 'll LOVE this toy and I definitely recommend buying it !
 Hand-held virtual pet game , in my opinion . No , the games never change , and it 's capabilities ARE limited , but when I bought my kougra pocket neopet I expected that . It 's not going to have everything neopets online does . Me and my now nine year old sister had a lot of fun when we went on vacation in florida and there was alot of free time and long car trips . -LRB- We used them so much that they started to wear down -RRB- . True , it gets a little boring after a while , and the quality of the material it 's made from is not the best , but for young kids with not even very big imaginations , it provides hours of fun . My sister only had her aisha run away once , and she did fine taking care of it . The trick is to feed it until it is bloated when it gets up , feed it again at lunch and again at dinner . I suggest , to make the game easier for you , to play it during the summer or some time when you know you will have the free time to ensure your pet does not run away.My game , by the way , may differ from yours ... my pet never ran away . And the funny thing was , I bought a YELLOW KOUGRA mystery island pocket neopet . YELLOW . It was YELLOW . It may have been an earlier or later model , or like the painted pocket neopets , but my did differ in some ways with my sister 's , who had a Lost Desert Aisha -LRB- normal model -RRB- . This is a great gift idea for kids 8-12 that love neopets . Older kids may get bored quicker , though . -LRB- Yes , I wrote this on my mother 's Amazon account -RRB- .
 As a NeoAddict myself , I have spent many hours at neopets.com . Now with this toy , I can take a Yellow Aisha everywhere ! It was so much fun playing games to collect neopoints -LRB- Neopian currency -RRB- then buying food , toys , and etc. . Your pet sleeps at certain hours and eats 3 meals per day -LRB- you can adjust the time easily -RRB- . You also have to moniter your pet 's happiness , strength , and hunger , because if you do n't take care of your pet , it might leave you ! I loved this toy and to me it was better than a pet ! -LRB- The Aisha Pocket Neopet is also available in blue -RRB-
 I myself being an advid neopets player -LRB- my sn is pitter_patter_paws there -RRB- , just had to get this item . Unlike other reviews the games were easy and fun . -LRB- I rock at Negg Drop and Poogle Racing . -RRB- Though the pet -LRB- an Aisha -RRB- ran away during the first few days , I learned how to keep it from doing that by almost constanly keeping it at ` bloated ' . I bought a petpet for it and played with it as often as I could and it has stayed with me ever since !
 Neopets could have done a lot better . Bugs and spelling errors are abundant . `` Toy swoards '' ? Green apples turning into chia plushies ? Also , the aisha -LRB- mine , at least -RRB- is quite ... you can never understand what it wants . It says the aisha is hungry , butif you feed it -LRB- often simply the wrong meal food - lunch for breakfast , etc. . . -RRB- , the Health will go down.You can only earn Neopoints from the games 3 times a day , as in Neopets regularly -LRB- except for the slots game -RRB- . Honestly , it 's a strange toy . To earn the `` rare item code '' , you must beat all three levels of each game . The racing game is easy until the third level , where it is PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO WIN . The negg game is painfully easy , with 16 neggs earning you the highest points , but an average of 40 neggs caught with NO effort . The copycat game is the only reasonable game in there.HOWEVER ... I 'm a high school student , and happily keep this toy in my backpack for boring classes . I 've had it for about 30 days , and it 's still alive -LRB- but barely -RRB- . Getting its health up is very hard once it goes down . All in all , the instructions are very unclear on minor details , the glitches need major work , and there needs to be trouble-shooting ... but for a quiet time game this is great , I guess .
 Really impressed with game . Keeps u engaged . Keeping your neopet happy and healthy is always fun . Playing the games are addicting .
 This was so bootleg ! It was really fun to play with , but it burned out 5 minutes after I opened it !
 I think this toy is very cool because Neopets is the best website in the whole world wide web ! Its educational because it teaches kids the responsibility of having a pet .
 Hi I need to ask you which is better the kougra , aisha , or kacheek . I want to know so i will know which to buy.I may not own one but i have played one and have been playing neopets online for 4 years.I 'm going to get one for my birthday.They sound awsome and if they are anything like the online game it will be sweet .
 One day when I went to Neopets.com -LRB- yes , it 's not just toys , it started out as a virtual pet site -RRB- I checked the announcements ... they were talking about something called `` pocket neopet '' . I was SO excited ! So when I finally got mine I was ecstatic !!! The Pocket Neopet is like Tamagotchi . Wait ! Do n't leave yet ! It has 4 games to play
 After acing a big term math test , my mom took me to Walmart and let me pick whatever I wanted that was under twenty five dollars at most . At the time , I did n't know Neopets products had been released in Quebec , Canada , so I was completely thrilled to see a Pocket Neopet in one of the aisles . I had been waiting just about forever to own one . Out of a Krawk , Kacheek , and Aisha , I chose the Aisha , since I owned one on Neopets.Basically , it 's pretty much like my Giga Pet puppy . Little , electronic screen where you feed and nurture your Neopet . You have to go to the stores and pick one of the three or so daily products on sale . Trust me , these items are not cheap ! But , I guess that 's why they made some games to play . You earn your Neopoints , which is Neopets version of money , to buy your items . But you have to be quick to click or else the items will be sold out ! You create your Neopet , which is an Aisha , and give her personality , too . This is the perfect toy for you if your addicted to Neopets and get grounded from the computer . . you have your personalized version right here !
 I love this toy ! I have been playing on neopets for months and months and when I saw that my cousin had a different one of these things , I went and bought this thing . It is so fun ! You have to feed it and play with it and play the 4 games to earn NPs -LRB- neopoints , sort of like money -RRB- to buy it stuff . You get even get a rare item code to use on the site ! The only thing I do n't like about it is that if you drop it , 85 % of the time it will reset itself and you have to start all over again if you do n't have a screwdriver with you and pop the batteries back into place in less than a minute . I have done that 4 times ! So you have to be careful .
 I really like this game . You can play games and stuff . But there was a problem for mine , the AM PM times got mixed up . I couldnt play with it during the day because it was sleeping , and i couldnt go to bed because it wanted to play , leaving me being walked out on when I picked it up that morning . It was fun though , games , shops , and stuff . It was easy to keep the Kougra in because it had its own little space . But the idea that it lives in Mystery Island doesnt reflect on the game except that it has that mystery island scene at the top . The durability was 5 stars , because it could fit in your pocket . But you have to be familiar with the game . Take my advice , if your a big neopets fanatic , buy this toy !
 These games are really fun . They are ideal if your mom and dad say no after all that begging for a new dog . These games include shops , mini games , and others . The mini games are Poogle Racing , Techno Says , Bag Drop , and Scorchy Slots . Neopets have taken the world by storm and I think you should be 1 of the millions of people to join them .
 Last Christmas , my Mom and Dad gave me this little electronic pet . I have n't put it down since ! You can feed , play with , and generally take care of the little thing , and if you get bored of that you can play with the mini figure in the 3D world -LRB- pretty fun - but not in the car . That thing would be so easy to drop between two seats -RRB- and you can also play games so you can but better foods and toys , and even little pets ! You can also tell it when to fall asleep , and wake it up . If you do n't take care of it though , itwill run away . Even though you ca n't get that pet back again , you can adopt a new one . This thing is fun , cheap , and a good alternative fo a gameboy .
 Well actually , I have a Tonu pocket neopet , but I suppose they are pretty similar . There is a tiny figurene for role playing in the scene included.There will be a card with the species and the world . If you have a neopets account DO NOT throw this away as it has a rare item code on the back . You will decide your neopets name , gender and personality , then do whatever you like ! There are 4 games . You can buy food , petpets , and toys for your neopet .
 This Pocket neopet is really cool , most of my friends has it.You can bring it everywhere ! Inside there 's a mini Aisha that wo n't talk , and a small island for Aisha and a video game . You can put Aisha in a small oval hole in the case .
 I am a neopets lover ! So this toy is a dream come true !
 when i got this i was jumping up and down my friend keenan he told me about neo pets it so cool you should buy it is really fun
 This is soooooooo cool . Im am a neopets lover ever since my friend told me about it.My b-day coming soon.So this will defiantly be on my list . did i mention this is sooooo cool .
 I think this is very cool because is very fun when you have a pet that you can take it anywhere , if you in a car , you can play game on it , feeding the pet and more , earn point for buy stuff item for your neopets , but there is one thing I do n't like is the any pocket neopet , you get , be sure you have that neopet online or the code you going to get from the pocket neopets wo n't work , so I think you should get it , I going to get this on my birthday for sure .
 I am a humongos neopets fan who dose n't get to use the computer very often when i heard pocket neopets were coming out I had to get one one day my dad was ordering something else he said i could buy something so i bought this!i absolutely love it .
 I Love this toy . Of course I was Already a BIG fan of Neopets and love there merchandise ! This was one of the coolest things ever . Well better than a Nano . I was n't as good as there voice activated pets but still up there ! It is sooo cool ! ~ > Evelyn -LRB- mypetneo29 on neopets.com -RRB-
 THIS TOY IS SSSOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN I LOVE IT ! DEFINTALY A BEST BUY !
 i totally love this toy , my cousin had one and she and i were playing it at her house it was sooo fun you can shop with it , feed it and also play with it i think that everone should buy it even it ther alittle intrested in it i think it is the best ever !
 It 's really cool because you get to go shoping , food and toy shoping too . All with your neopet and also can play games to get you neopoints that get you toys food and of corse pet pets ! So it 's cool so go and get it before there all gone or at leaset get a pluise there cool too . -LSB- the stuff animal -RSB- Well I hope you get it !!!!!!!!!!
 This is the best handheld electronic pet in the world.With a neopet you feed it , play with it , and shop with it.one of the best parts of the neopet is that you can close it up and take it with you everywhere.I recemand this for everyone .
 I am a Neopet addict of a year and a half , and I love this game ! It 's finally come out , and I was first in line to get it . Definitely a great buy !
 I wish that I can have a pocket neopet.I have seen alot of kids with those toys.I have been told that you can buy those in `` TOYRUS '' . I can so wish having one of those things.My mom was going to buy me one in Toysrus but she ended up having a lost wallet and a lost makeup bag so I thought that since my mom has no money for it I would enter this and I will get a free pocket neopet.Every day I get so excited to get one but I never did.I always go on the website of the neopets and see if I could win one some day.But I dont know how to get to win a free pocket neopet online but I never did . I mom tells me to keep on trying and I do when ever I have my free time I go online and try .
 When i was in 5th grade i heard about the neo pets website i though it was the best thing to do but after a while i wouldnt be able to play it because i only have one line so my mom said not to get online no more but when this pocket virtuel pet came out it was a life saver now i can have fun and not let my mom get mad at me . if you are a neopet lover i recomendem it but if you never like neopets dont even think about buying it
 My mom works at the middle school I go to and every moning I would go on the computer and go to neopets . One day it got blocked and I dont have time after school because of homework dance soccer and running and my computer takes a REALLY LONG time to connect I have 8 neopet plushies a notebook and a picture fram so you can see Im a BIG fan of neopetsThis is the best toy ! Its just like neopets on line just chats not there and e-mails are also not.Igot the Kackeek because that my fav .
 My mom got this for me as a gift.We were going away on a trip to Florida , I get bored really easily but it kept me entertained!i think that they should manufacture all the neopets cause some other people might have other oppinions , they might want a zafara , quiggle , or a ixi they should widen the variety for all the neopets lovers !
 this is really a cool toy . the insructions are worthless , but you 'll figure it out . its neat 'cause you have to feed it at certain times but dont worry about takin it to school cause you can stop the clock ! this can be very annoying tho ... it has a bedtime and you can personalize your pet by givin it a personality . the games are fun , simple , but im addicted!you can place the lil ' figure in different places!but i cant figure out how to advance levels in the games ... you can get petpets and choose food and toys . i found a way to manipulate the time ! you have a bank it so kewl ! it records its happiness , health , and intelligence . it can even get sick and you would have to take it to the `` hospital '' i definatly recomend this toy .
 Totally fun ! Although I have never seen this Kacheek before . The one I 've seen is a Silver Kacheek on a Red Cover but I 'm sure this one is simaller.First , the insructions are between the back cardboard , they are really good ! If you here you pet make a `` boing '' noise you have to give it something to play with . The thing I did not like about the toy is that you ca n't explore the area & you can only hold 10 items . Overall it 's pretty good . You can also find a Blue Aisha & a Yellow Kougra at Walmart -LRB- which I also have ! -RRB- . Thanks for taking your time to read my review ! Look for me in other reviews , J.
 At my school all my friends had one so i totally had to have one because they looked like so much fun believe me it is its like having your own pet.When im grounded i play with that so long and i never get bored you should get one . Its soooo 5 star .
 I love my Kacheek Pocket Neopet . This item is great for kids of all ages , and adults too . -LRB- ... -RRB- This is great for kids because you learn how to care for pets . you neglect your neopet , it runs away , and you have to start from scratch . You also learn how to save neopoints , neopia 's form of currency . I used to be terrible at saving money , and now I 'm much better at it . -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I just started playing neopets about a week ago and i am extremely ADDICTED !!! Then i decided to purchase the pocket pet to keep me busy when im not on the computer . hehe . I was somewhat dissapointed ... mainly because the instructions were n't that elaborate . i found myself flipping the fold-out instructions several times as if my question 's answer would magically appear . it tells u the OBVIOUS stuff but when it comes down to it , your left in the dark . for examble ; i did n't know that you can only play a certain amount of times a day , what objects do what , what his animations/actions mean . some stuff like that . another downside is that the lil 3D figure it comes with keeps falling out whenever i open it . hehe.other than that , it kept me pretty occupied . i love the design of the case by the way , very nice . the games seem easy but not if u want that RARE ITEM CODE ! haha . -LRB- i have n't gotten mines yet by the way = / -RRB- anddd ... ya thats all . GREATTT toy ! just needs better instructions .
 Comes with 4 rechargeable 1500 mAh NiMH batteries and a built in recharger . If you have other rechargeable NiMH AAs , the charger will charge them while you 're playing any game . Works with all PS or PS2 controllers , but only fits PS2 or PSOne units . Not classic playstation . If you have a PS2 and want to have freedom of roaming around with your controller , then this is for you . Great for bigscreen players.-wsm
 It 's been years since I 've used these , but they made rock band work on stage back in the day . If you have to use wired controllers but still need to be far away , this will work even in public areas .
 i 've had this device for a long time now and it works great . there were some complaints on other sites and reviews concerning the following issues
 The best selling point is the ability to use normal PS2 controllers which are far superior to all RF controllers on the market . The unit is rechargeable , so you do n't eat up batteries . Works great .
 IT IS HOTEASY AND SIMPLEIT IS HOT
 It holds lots of memory . But I suggest that you buy a Visual Memory System . It holds 2x the amount of a regular Memory System . Overall it is a excellent product for Dreamcast . It is good to have a chunky Memory Pak for games such as the following
 The Nyko jumbo memory pak is more than twice as big as the VMU so you can store huge amounts of memory -LRB- NFL 2K -RRB- which by itself would take almost a whole VMU .
 When I bought my Dreamcast , I got this memory card with it for free . It is a great card , except that it has no screen like the VMU card . It has a button on it , that it allows 2 cards in 1 , giving you 400 blocks . I 've had it since December 2000 , today is October 2002 , and I never had file loss . This is a great buy , even though I got it for free . If this had a screen , it would have been a great buy . Plastic is very cheap . My controller fell , and the memory card was in , and part of the plastic chipped off . It does n't matter , it still works . I recommend this card to anyone who needs a larger card , and does n't want to buy a VMU . Great card , keep up the good work Nyko !
 This game is not the kind of game to just leave it in the dust . This is truly what a retro gamer or any other gamer would enjoy . This shows the full protential of the SegaCD
 Popful Mail has to be one of the best Sega Cd games I have played so far , I do n't give it 's high praise because of its expensive price tag or because I 'm fortunate to own a copy-I had a great time playing this game it was a unique experience , the game itself looks like a typical side scrolling rpg with of course Anime characters , and the overall design of the graphics may seem simple but its when you play this game it turns out to be a bit more , the Characters are Hilarious I found myself really laughing and seeing them as more than just another over exaggerated bad-ass personality . This game does not take it self serious its just plain simple and fun-you do n't have to worry about inventory management and stats as much compared to other rpgs it may just come down to skill because this game can be challenging at times , one last thing to add in mind is do n't expect high quality music the Sega Cd can produce since the dialog took priority over that and is well justified since the dialog is one of the game 's strongest quality 's , the music is still fantastic though . After completing this game I 'm here just hoping for a new addition to the series .
 If you are a gamer interested in retro RPGs that might have been forgotten in most circles , Popful Mail is a game to try . Simply put , this is perhaps the best RPG that the Sega CD or Genesis has to offer.Popful Mail
 DESPITE THE CLUTTER OF RECENT FIGHTING GAMES , FOR THE DC , THERE IS ONE IN PARTICULAR THAT STANDS OUT , AS MORE ORIGINAL . PSYCHIC FORCE IS A FUN AS WELL AS INOVATIVE KINDA GAME . THE PREMISE , IS SOMEWHAT LIKE MARVEL COMIC 'S X-MEN YOU GET TO PLAY AS ONE OF THE TEN PSYCHIC ENHANCED CHARACTERS , WHO ARE HATED AND FEARED BY MANKIND , DUE TO THIER EXTRODANARY PSYCHIC ABILITIES . THE CHARACTERS , ARE FOR THE MOST PART , HOVERING HIGH ABOVE THE AIR , DUELING IT OUT USING THEIR ABILITIES , PROJECTILES , SHIELDS , AND THE USUAL PUNCH & KICK COMBOS . THE CHARACTER DESIGNS ARE MORE OF ANIME FARE , AND ALTHOUGH THE GRAPHICS ARE NOT ON A PAR WITH NAMCO 'S SOUL CALIBUR , IT ADDS DEPTH WITH BRILLIANT COLORS , THE GAMEPLAY IS MUCH CHALLENGING THAN SAY , POWER STONE AND MARVEL VS. CAPCOM . I HIGHLY RECOMAND THIS FOR FANS OF JAPANAMATION AS WELL AS FIGHTING AFFICIANADOS . IN A WORD ; `` brillant ! ''
 It 's a surprise how even when an employee himself rated the game as horrible when I first got this game when I really enjoyed the game . All the characters hold their own personality which is a trademark in every game . Keith Evans is the ` cool ' type while Setsuna is a cocky show-off who has a violent behavior . All the fighters have a power which fits them personally such as the gentle Patty who has the power of voice/tone , the hot-blooded Regina with fire , the soficicated water master known as Carlo or the manipulative Wong with the ability of time . The stage that the fighters fight in is called ` Kekkai ' where the fighters actually create the stage on the spot . All the stages are held somewhere in the air except the infamous Noah HQ.The game storyline is actually a continuation from the original Psychic Force that was released on Playstation , which was followed by horrible reviews . Anyhow psyichccers-people who can use psychic powers-were tested by the Army in hopes of creating the ulimate weapon . Psyichccers were exploited in grueling yet fatal tests . To end this horrible cycle , a young psyichccer named Keith Evans , rised from the rubble and decided to make a utopia for all psyichccers . He called the operation -LSB- NOA -RSB- which despite his original plans had conquered the world and all the humans . Keith 's best friend , Burn Griffes , disagreed with NOA 's actions and fights Keith , believing that humans and psychiccers can co-exist peacefully together . During their fight Richard Wong -LRB- who had joined Keith for personal ambitions -RRB- explodes NOA 's HQ . Wong captures half of NOA to join his own psychic army . 2 years later , however , Keith stikes back with Neo-NOA -LRB- Resurrected NOA -RRB- while trying to have any free psychiccers as well.I strongly believe this game is terrific for all those anime lovers out there , for the Japanese voices all come from famous roles -LRB- ie Might -- Hikaru Midorikawa did Jap . role Fuushigi Yugi/Mysterious Play 's Tamahome and Genshin -- Hiroshi Ito does Jap . Kent Brookman from the Simpson 's ! ^ ^ ;-RRB- . The provided translations as it did with Soul Calibur and King of Fighters Dreamatch are edited severely or are sometimes WAY off . The art is beautiful in between psychiccers ' storyline 's and the gameplay is unique for it is not the redundant ` Dragon-punch , double fireball , and then hurricane kick ' joystick motions . The most complicated motion is the ` half circle ' along with simple forward and back moves . Although the game does take time getting used to with it 's 360 's , at least it 's something new to get your hands on .
 People say that the graphics are poor , but in my -LRB- humble ! -RRB- opinion , I do n't know many better . The music held me captivated as soon as it snapped on , the anime style drawings at the start and ending -LRB- s -RRB- of the game are beyond words . Each character has an alternate ending and amazing moves . They also act in character with their psy -LRB- their powers -RRB- . Keith has mastery over ice , so he has a cool , layed-back attitude . Burn controls fire , and is quite hot-headed -LRB- pardon the phrasing ! -RRB- All in all , This is my top faveourite game to date !
 Previous reviews state false advertising because of the 360 degree movement , and the fact that you cant move into and out of the background . That is a truly ignorant comment because if you would notice that on a flat 2d plane there are 360 degrees . moving in all dimensions would actually be about 129600 degrees -LRB- 360degrees * 360degrees -RRB- . Also , while there may not be as many moves as other games , and the combo system is limited , you have to realize the strategy involved in the fighting system . You have to take advantage of other characters ' flaws and time your projectiles . You have to lead characters with your projectiles and manage your psi . Limited moves are made up for with the strategic elements . However , some characters are overly cheap -LRB- Setsuna -RRB- which somewhat detract from the experience . All in all , this is a great game if you take the time to learn more about it .
 this game is so cool , and i luv it ! since i am a particually HUGE fan of anime and japanese -LRB- language -RRB- , i had no problem listening/watching to the lil `` movies '' inbetween the rounds/fights . i luv all the characters and their moves ; setsuna 's moves are especially cool . if u like anime/fighting/and hard core graphics , you 'll luv this game ! i recommend u try it first before u buy it though , cause it wo n't appeal to everyone . the best moves are the hardest to perform , but sometimes u just got ta push any buttons and hope u get a move if you 're in doubt/trouble ^ - ^ keep practicing and you 'll become an expert at this game ! -LRB- there are secret characters , some u get by doing certain things , so look in a code book or on the internet -RRB- i hope i helped !
 This is one of the best games for Dreamcast . It is a lil ' hard at 1st but if u r a hard-core gamer like me :-RRB- , u should luv this game . I hope u enjoy the anime movie parts & the awesome graphics there is !
 This is one of the best games for Dreamcast . It is a lil ' hard at 1st but if u r a hard-core gamer like me :-RRB- , u should luv this game . I hope u enjoy the anime movie parts & the awesome graphics there is !
 This is a really cool game that I first played in the arcade . If I were you I 'd buy it !
 Phantasmagoria is a fun game for anyone who wants to wander a big mansion , find secret tunnels , and figure out why your husband is going insane . You learn some good life lessions in this game , the first being ALWAYS look at the giant house your going to buy BEFORE you buy it . -LSB- Trents daughter -RSB-
 Not to say that the Dreamcast controller itself is uncomfortable , but theree was defintely something missing . Sturdiness . The Dreammaster is a solid construct of Nyko Inc. as to what Hardcore gamers , such as myself , expect from a device they may hold in their hands for more that 5 hours at a time . Brilliant construction and reliability have won me over . Friend come over to play Quake III and I tell them their controllers are over there , this one 's mine !!
 This item -LRB- Nyko ThunderPak -RRB- for DC is a good product . It rumbles when it needs to , and dose n't go overboard with it . It also dosent make the controller feel too much different -LRB- A difinate plus -RRB- My only gripe is that it dose n't rumble like I want it to in Marvel Vs Capcom 2 . It rumbles a little -LRB- almost unnoticible -RRB- when jabbed or thrown ... but when a super hits you . . HOLD ON ! SO maybe thats a plus ;-RRB- And with this price -LRB- 75 % of the cost og most other rumble packs -RRB- you have nothing to lose.PICK IT UP !
 The vidbrations were good . Very hard and accurate vibrations.But this product is just not very durable . Mine lasted for over 6 months , but my other rumble pack is much older , outlasted this Nyko Thunder pack.Buy the Tremor pack instead of the Thunder pack . The Tremor pack is not made by Nyko .
 I 'm at a loss for words . It 's worth every penny . One of the best games I 've ever played . Easily the best game to be released here in the states . The story and atmosphere will entrance and lock you in a hypnotic grip before you even realize you lost your job , your girlfriend and even your World of Warcraft account . Again , I wish I could say more and I do n't know how to properly convey the wonder and joy that this game is . There is n't a single game like it , and there never will be again . I 'd say this is one of maybe , MAYBE five games that transcends the limitation of its status of belonging to the video game field and becomes purely a work of art . And I do n't say that lightly .
 I agree with the first two reviewers . This game is a magnificent opus . If you played the first two installments , try to forget that experience and approach this one with an open mind because this is undoubtedly an RPG . Where it shines is its fusion of 3D shooter with exploration and experience building
 I got this game as a Christmas gift in 1998 and spent my entire vacation playing it . At the time , it was amazing . Graphics were great , game play was revolutionary , the only drawback was the subtitles and the Saturn system overheating , meaning I probably should have taken a break . This game is by far the greats and most compelling i have yet to play and opened the door for Final Fantasy lovers as well . There is a huge online following of people waiting for Sega to develop a sequel or remake for PS3 . If you are looking for that one timeless game , you found it . Worth every cent . To this day I can not get it out of my head .
 Many have cast the Saturn off as a `` loser '' system , but rest assured , THIS GAME LIVES UP TO THE HYPE - and the price tag.This is the BEST 32 BIT GAME EVER MADE ... yes you read correctly . This ranks EASILY IMO ahead of any Final Fantasy game and even Metal Gear Solid . The Saturn went out with a bang . You will not believe this is running on a Sega Saturn when you load it up , this labor of love has the production value of a high budget PSX game and I often call it `` The Ocarina of Time for the Saturn '' . Very unique story , presentation , and battle system - this ai n't no cliche world or storyline.And one more thing I 'll add , this game also has the best soundtrack of any game I can think of.It 's a big purchase , but IT RETAINED IT 'S RESALE VALUE FOR A DECADE on ebay , so even if you ca n't afford it , just charge it on the credit card and resell it YOU 'LL GET YOUR MONEY BACK - but be warned , you wo n't want to part with it . Really a HUGE PART of gaming history and sadly , not many people have heard of , let alone , played it .
 The pros of this game are many . The acting was decent . The imaginative art , music and general environment , fron the shimmer of lakes to the creativity of the water bladders in the local drinking hole . It all leaves the player totally emersed , especially when walking around in a city . You feel as if you are in that desolate , post apocalyptic world . When something happens to a place you 've spent time , you genuinely feel loss . When you come against a really terrifying enemy , you feel the gravity of the situation , as you adjust your dragon to meet your needs on a minute by minute basis . There is enough free roaming to make it feel like you have some control . When it comes to the boring , turn based battles , this just does n't feel turn based at all . The realtime feeling they 've managed to impart on the combat makes it very , very acceptable . I bought two of this game when it came out . I was part of the first $ 5,000 copies , and one of them got played and the other is in the box , but I have n't been able to sell it because it 's just that cool to not have to worry about losing it . Definately go get this.A word of warning
 This game is very good . I remember when Final Fantasy VII came out and being blow away by it . Had I played this game back then , I 'd likely have loved this game too . The major draw-backs of this game , however , is the short duration of the game -LRB- I finished it in 17 hours ; to achieve the epic tone they were going for , the game should have been double that length -RRB- , and I also feel it was too easy . The random battles are few and far between in this game . The battles are innovative and fun , but too easy . The leveling in this game is way too fast ; it seems like every 2 or 3 battles you 're leveling up again . The story also suffers from the short length , too , in my opinion . It 's hard to get attached to characters -LRB- as I did in Final Fantasy VII or Suikoden II -RRB- when the game is so short . If this game was 30-40 hours , it might have been the greatest story ever told in the gaming world . I 'd really love to see a sequel in the future , or perhaps a spiritual successor to the franchise . I 've heard and seen footage of rumors surrounding a game called Crimson Dragon ; I can only hope that it 's the sequel this game deserves.In the end , I 'd give this game a 4.5 / 5 for a review , but it could easily have been a perfect game , had it been longer . It 's a fantastic game - short and sweet . But I 'd have loved to play this game for many , many more hours before seeing its conclusion .
 If you are an RPG fan then you owe it to yourself to play this game . It is one of the greatest games ever made and some go as far to call it the perfect RPG . The world Team Andromeda pulls you into is so deep you will begin to care about the characters and the places you visit . The game looks fine and the voice acting is good with next to no corny dialog.You do not need to have played the other games to know what is going on in the story since it takes place in the future . I 've played the other games and the only thing that was added for me is certain creature and locations/ruins you will recognize from past games which I guess is a treat for people who have played the other games.This gem will probably stay only on the Saturn out of respect for the console and the developers so do not plan on any HD Re-releases .
 One of the best all time RPG 's ever to grace the Sega Saturn . If it was n't for this game I would never have bought the Sega Saturn System . If you have n't played Panzer Dragoon Saga , it would be well worth buying a Sega Saturn gaming machine just to play it . That is how good it is and it surpasses today 's RPG style of games by far.Panzer Dragoon Saga is a True Classic and extremely RARE RPG/Strategy style game . It holds `` Special '' gaming elements and style in which today 's games lack greatly in my opinion.One of the best stories I 've ever seen on any RPG to date . This game basically pulls you in so deep you never want to put it down , even when you are not playing the game , it 's deep engraved into your head , always thinking about what 's next and planning your strategy in how to complete a task or something of that nature.This game is extremely gratifying to play . Basically you feel like you are the character you are portraying . High profile Role Playing Games such as Legend of Zelda , Phantasy Star , and Final Fantasy etc. do n't even come close to this games story , style and fun factor.The only way you will understand what I mean or what other people say about this game is go buy a Sega Saturn system and buy this game . It 's now a collector 's item , so be sure to keep it super Mint Condition.Not sure why Sega did n't release this game on the Sega Dreamcast , but anyway Sega Saturn is the only system that has it.A Side Note
 Not many people have heard about this game . I know I did n't up until a couple of years ago . I did n't even think twice about the SEGA Saturn being much of a system to be recognized ... until I found this.First off , the bad
 I played through this game in about two sittings . It was just that good . If you ca n't ford over the ludicrous sum of money that it is currently fetching , do yourself a favor and buy the CD 's only or the Japanese version -LRB- With translations -RRB- . This game simply is too good to not play . It fun to play , a great storyline -LRB- do n't forget to check out Panzer Dragoon 1 +2 for a full synopsis -RRB- , and has withstood the test of time ! Too bad this game was made in the such limited quantities here in the US that it received . Go play it - right now !
 I bought this game in 2000 . I remember it being a wonderful game if somewhat short . You can probably finish in 15 to 20 hours . I never sold it and I started playing again earlier this month . The game has not aged well . The polygons do n't look very good and the FMV is grainy.Don ' t get me wrong , it is still a very good game , but instead of paying $ 150 to $ 200 for this game , why not buy 4 to 10 other games that are just as good ? The sequel , Panzer Dragoon Orta , can be found for $ 10 to $ 20 , and while a different experience , I think it is just as good as Saga . If PDS had sold 200,000 copies there would be less talk about how this is one of the best games of all time .
 -LRB- this is long but please read it ; only five para . -RRB- At first when playing this game I was not sure it was very good AT ALL !! Though after getting the controls down , using a manual transmission , my BMW Z3 convertabile became highly responsive , an agile road eating beast that would not be beteen by even a Porsche 911 Turbo or Mercedes es500 , though was occasionally topped by the European made Lotus Elise . Understandably these muscle cars were listed under other names and makes , though were no doubt the real things with true-to-life stats -LRB- as proved to me by my July 2000 edition of ` Car and Driver ' -RRB- making each cars ' handling and road characteristics unique.Sounds good , well the game has hardly begun untill you enter into one of three trophy series , driving A-class cars -LRB- $ 20k - $ 24k -RRB- , B-class -LRB- $ 35k - $ 80k -RRB- , or C-class rides -LRB- $ 80k - $ 200k -RRB- , each with a considerable entrance fee ; $ 20K , $ 40k , or $ 100 thousand dollars for the C-class , so class repeats may be required , paying you considerable amounts of Cash Money excess $ $ BlingBling $ $ . Ferraris are in the C-class , need I say more ; though the cars go faster , the courses DO NOT get bigger ; making for one very intense driving experience.One of the coolest features in this game is your ability to soup up your car once you gain more money in one of the circuit modes . ` Roadsters ' enables you to tweek the suspension -LRB- soft for snow , or hard for quick dry surfaces -RRB- , change you gear ratios -LRB- to gain a higher top end or better acceleration -RRB- , add a racing exaust to boost power , turbo chargers -LRB- to make all your gears go faster -RRB- , purchase super tires -LRB- four different kinds ; ice , sno , rain , or dry -RRB- and much much more . The possibilities for this game are practically endless . Did I mention there are over thirty different roadsters to choose from -LRB- the TT Roadster looks hot ; so does the Alfa Romero Spyder -- in Montego blue -RRB- . This game is also true to the laws of physics . Cars have real weight that shifts when taking your thumb off of the trottle . Tires grip better in turns when the car 's weight shifts to the front end . I was really impressed When I learned this in the game instruction manual ; a driving tips section is located at the rear of the booklet . This section goes into deeper depths on how physics play a crucial role on the game play.Remember
 I have been hoping for a racing game like this to come out . After playing such games as Cruisin ' USA , Cruisin ' World , San Francisco Rush , and California Speed , I believe that Roadsters is the champion of racing games . It 's the closest you can get to driving a roadster without spending $ 85,000 + on a Porsche Carrera . The thing that really impressed me with Roadsters was the assortment of cars . There are 30 speed machines that you can choose from . However , they are put into three categories . Which means that in order to use the more expensive cars , you have to win with the cheaper ones . Not all of the cars are listed under their real names . But , if you look carefully you can easily recognize them . For example , the Equinox EX320 is the BMW Z3 . Also the Skarla SK Roadster is the Audi TT . Other easily recognizable models include Mercedes Benz , Lamborghini , and Porsche . The 4 modes of play are
 roadsters is the best game but after you play it alot it gets boaring.but there are cool cars like ferraris , corvetts and more , but the bad thing about it is that they dont use the real cars names .
 Roadsters is one of those games that plays like an arcade racer but has real licensed cars . Both the graphics and the play control are very good and the cars are definetly cool . My only complaint was that there wasnt enough tracks . There are only 6 of them and after a while you just want more .
 This is one of the better games but still is cool go buy it .
 First of all , if I could , I would give this game a 4 1/2 star rating . If your looking for a space sim game that has good graphics and game play this is the one for you . One thing I happily discovered was the range of skill levels . If you 're a -LSB- not-so-skilled -RSB- gamer that can never manage to win a game without cheat codes , this is a great game . If you 're a skilled gamer who is looking for a challenge this is still the game to buy.Another cool thing about this game is the fact that you are n't a one man army . Your wingmen are actually a great resourse . You can tell them what to doand they 'll actually do it.The variety from mission to mission is also excellent . In some missions your job is to destroy the enemy , in some it 's to escort ships , in some it 's to spy on the enemy etc.The graphics are sweet too . This is an old game but you ca n't tell by the graphics.You can choose between 5 or 6 ships to fly on different missions and you can customise them with different weapons.This game is at an increadible value ... It is deffinately worth buying .
 I bought this game at Wal-Mart and I took it home and I was blown away by the details and realisim . I was happy that the game was based off of the Pentium 133 megahertz chip since that is what is in my system . Back to the game , The Great War DISKS ! were the best games I ever played for PC . You start out as a fresh piliot and your first missions are traineing , so you get used to the controls . I DID NOT HAVE A JOYSTICK !!! BUT IT WORKED ANYWAY WITH THE NUMBERPAD ON THE KEYBOARD !!!! A joystick would be great but I beat it without one . A great feature was the ability to comunicate with your wingmen . The game has an extremely large amount of laser cannons , missiles , bombs , fighters , and bombers . There are three species in the game ; Terrans -LRB- Humans -RRB- , Vasudans , and the mysterious Shivans . The game starts out with you in the middle of a 14 year war -LRB- THE GREAT WAR , DUH ! -RRB- but then a peace treaty is signed because the Shivans come roughing everyone up . But the game is still great . Silent Threat is an expansion pack that puts you at the end of the great war CD . You are a different piliot becuase the great war ends with you bustin up a Shivan destroyer that was gon na kill Sol -LRB- Earth -RRB- . But you find out in Silent Threat that the piliots who killed that ship and saved -LRB- Earth -RRB- got stuck there because the explosion cause a cataclismic shut down of the only jump node to Sol that you skip through galaxies with . But in Silent Threat , you are working for the Terrans but you are part of the intel , black-ops squad . You go behind enemy lines to do the dangerous stuff . But now , that you are bored with me ramble , here are theHighs and LowsHighsLots of missions , ships , and weponsUnparralled detailsLots of repaly valueGREAT price and valueLowsOccasionaly FrustratingYa know , thats about it : - -RRB-
 Silent Threat is overall satisfying expansion pack . It does feel a little cut , though.The missions themselves are an interesting variety of the normal Freespace missions , and you get to do `` silence all rebels '' sort of missions . They still tie them into the overall plot of Freespace quite well though , so they are n't lacking.On mission design , DESPITE what others have said , the last mission is possible . Hard , yes , but any self-respecting Freespace player can do it . I 'm not ashamed to say that for my first try , I lowered the difficulty ; though once you get then hang of it you can do harder difficulties . -LRB- Hint
 Yup , I 'm giving you an honest rating . This has been my favorite game since 1998 when it came out . I never heard of it before , but thankfully it came with an IBM Aptiva I bought . The graphics are increadible for its time . Nice soundtrack , great sound effects , and I 've gone through it 5 times now.This has been my all-time favorite game because it has a lot of depth in the storyline and there 's no doubt Volition-Inc . -LRB- the game 's developer -RRB- did n't spend all their money on the game and not voice acting . It 's fun and pulls you in with the great story and killer voice acting . Too bad Freespace 1 and 2 were some of those great yet little-known games . Get both , I mainly like FPS games , but Freespace stands out.I can attest to its value because I 've been playing this a wee-bit too much for a whole 2 years . I still have a blast with it . I ca n't blame Volition for taking their time on making this a great title . 2 years in the making , a must-buy , even if you have n't heard a darn thing about it .
 Freespace is by far the best flight sim ever created . It truly immerses the player into the game . The graphics are stunning , with realistic explosions and superbly textured ships . Not just the small ones either , mind you . The capital ships , are just plain massive . It dwarves your puny fighter in comparison . Even the backrounds are specially rendered and colorfully done , making it not just stars but planets and galaxies as well . The AI is very intelligent , are a variety of scripts are used . Some enemies will be simple to hit , when others , manuever better than you do , use countermeasures , and work in teams . The interface is incredable , allowing you to specify targets for your wingmen to attack , ignore , or disarm , call in reinforcements , or rearm . The controls are easy to learn , and it comes with several training missions covering everything from basic flight to countermeasure and aspect seeking missiles . The thing that really makes this game stand out , is the missions . These missions are unique , sometimes the objectives change right in the middle of the mission , with secondary and bonus objectives , earning you medals and commendations . Some missions , for example , you are supposed to jump in and destroy a target , you will have recieved the wrong jump coordinates , not destroy the target , but then recieve new objectives to complete once there . Truly a surprise around every corner . I cant say enough about this game , I have played it over and over again . It even has 5 difficulty levels , ranging from incredably easy to impossibly difficult . Even beginners who have never played a space sim will have no trouble enjoying or playing this game . Please , do yourself a favor and purchase this game . For ... it will be the most worthwhile purchase you have ever made .
 This is a great game . This game is very realistic to be a space game . It has really good graphics and sound . The cut scene videos are interesting and it helps you get into the game . But there are draw backs to the game , such as , the controls are all over the keyboard . You pretty much use the whole keyboard to manuver your space ship . But after a little while of playing it , you will find out that there are about 5-10 keys you will ever need to use . Over all , the game is one of the best I have ever played . It has a great story , graphics , and gameplay . There really is n't much more you can ask for out of a game .
 Nice game . Great price . Buy it if you do n't have it .
 great game even in todays stantards . i would like to see someone remake the freespace series using todays technology
 Over a decade old , this game still stands the test of time , and maybe it 's because they just do n't make this type of game anymore . I enjoyed replaying it so much time later with this expansion ! It takes a few tweaks in compatibilty on windows 7 , with a few graphics tweaks and it works perfect .
 Played the heck out of this game a few years back until I had to sell it . When trying to buy it recently , prices were insane for everywhere I found it , except here . Shipping took a long time , but was within the time promised . Over all very happy with my purchase .
 When I first began speculating about this game with friends way back in 98 ' . All I heard was it was gon na be another space shooter that could not rate up there with games like X-Wing or TIE fighters . Man , I still will never forget the looks on their faces when I showed them how the game ran and just overall was a masterpiece of graphics and gameplay for it 's time anyway . So your saying , yeah well what 's the story with this game ? Well , you start out as a GTA pilot -LRB- Galactic Terran Alliance -RRB- fighting a 14 year war against the Vasudans . The AI is impressive as is the combat animations and cutscenes . All I can say to anyone considering buying this is to get it before it is no longer made considering it 's age . Enjoy !
 FreeSpace is - I find - a very great and a Master Game .
 yea the game plays good -LRB- not like those stupid mercinary games that you always find like tachyon your actually a pilot -RRB- graphics are extremely good expesually for 4 a 1998 game wide variety of strenghts and weaknesses in fighters and not so hard you cant beat 2nd mission -LRB- everyone knows a game like that somewhere -RRB- and by the way the 15 year old war with the vasudans was called the terran vasudan war the war with the shivans though was the great war also this game carries a mission creator named fred though hard to find all you have to do is go to search for files and folders and look for fred then make a shortcut of the icon that starts fred and place the shortcut on your desktop -LRB- and a helpful thing ctrl click on the map to add more ships -RRB-
 Hi , if you want the real scoop on KOEI 's new release WINBACK for the N64 , then here it is . Winback provides almost everything a gamer wants in a game ! Besides the fact that the single player mode is all around great , Winback also offers an awsome multiplayer mode ; one of the best I 've seen on N64 ! The graphics are sweet , the sound is great , and the moves are what you dream about when you think of a great 3rd person shooter ! Just imagine the very best virtual 3D paintball world and you 've got WINBACK multiplayer ! There are really only two problems with WINBACK . ONE
 it is a great game which in many ways feels like a metal gear solid meets resident evil 4 arcade stealth shooter and is very fun and hard to put down once you start playing
 This game is awesome.Outstanding graphics for its day , action packed , great story . Awesome music . Just all around 1 of the most brillant and perfect games ever made . Its really hard im on level 10 and cant seem to get past it cause of the alarm that keep killing me . You will see what I mean when you get to that point . You must buy this game . And for $ 8 for a used copy its a perfect value
 Winaback
 I remember this game fondly . First it came out on the Nintendo 64 then on the Playstation 2 . This difference was , the Nintendo version had no audio but the Playstation version 's characters actually spoke . This game , even though old , goes beyond the boundaries of cool ! The controls are a little difficult to master but once you do , you 're going to LOVE this game . It was -LRB- and still is -RRB- one of my all time favorites . If I remember correctly , if you beat the game once using ONLY your pistol and NOTHING ELSE , I THINK you get infinite ammo for all weapons on your next goaraound . If you 're the type who loves special ops games then once you play this you 'll think to yourself
 Winback is one of the most addicting N64 games I have ever played . I just bought this game recently -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and have been spending many hours playing it.This game is not for people who like easy to medium difficulty games . This game is hard -- somewhat in comparison to Tom Clancy 's Ghost Reacon for PC.The game is a little brother to Metal Gear Solid . You rely on stealth andaccuracy to accomplish your missions.The camera angles can get a bit tricky at times , but once you play you 'll probably find yourself getting hooked on the game -LRB- as I did -RRB- and will become a master of dodging bullets in the `` cat and mouse '' style of gameplay.You only get three weapons , but this is n't a bad thing , as it 's all you really need to progress through the game . This game IS N'T a Goldeneye or Perfect Dark . Goldeneye and Perfect Dark allow you to move through the levels at a steady pace while shooting the enemy.You must sneak , crouch , roll , and dodge bullets in order to kill enemy terrorist . You can use the camera buttons to check over your sides , to see if they 're are any enemies hiding and awaiting you . This game focuses on realism , therefore three to five enemy shots -LRB- depending on the range -RRB- will get you killed.If you do n't mind challenge , and like stealth games where you assume the role of special operative/spy/merc / marine -- any of these types , then you 'll probably love Winback.One con about this game is the save/checkpoints . They are too far between -- and this can get a bit frustrating when you 've just killed thirty bad guys , and one gets the drop on you causing you to start all the way back . But the addicting nature of this game keeps you coming back for more until you 've become a master of stealth.Great game . I 'm very glad I bought it .
 I got this game because i have played and worn out the james bond games . This game was supposed to be a cool spy game , and it is . This game is , like mg a 3rd person shooter , where you play as a member of the swat team . There are also 3 different endings , depending on how fast you beat the game . The normal baddies are quite stupid , except the one that have knives , but the bosses are just plain awesome . Some have machine guns , rocket launchers , and even two guns . The only bad thing is that you only get 4 weapons in the game . BUT , THAT IS WHERE MP COMES IN . The multiplayer on this game is , to me , better that any of the james bond games . To start off you only get the five swat team members , and , yes only 4 guns . But , after you beat the game on hard , you unlock all the other characters , which fills the bottom half of the character select screen . It 's awesome , you can play as banderas -LRB- my favorite -RRB- who has two guns ! All th bad guys you chose have infinite ammo , but they can not put there backs against the wall . This takes great strategy as to who you choose compared with who your friends choose . The only , i repeat , only thing this game could use in mp is bots , but aside from that , this is one of my top ten for n64 .
 I thought that this game rocks . Not only do you have to go thru 26 levels but you have to do it in only 6 hours . Although this sounds tedious and hard it is n't hard at all once you know how to play . The Story Mode is challenging , the Training Mode teaches you everything you need to know , and the Versus Mode will provide you w / many , many , many laughs . Be fore-warned this is n't a 1st Person Shooter , but rather a RPG game .
 I just recently ordered this game . Now I have no life because I keep wanting to play this awesome game ! The graphics are excellent . The gameplay is outstanding . It 's in my top five games for the N64 . Right up there with GoldenEye .
 If you 're a fan of Metal Gear Solid , Syphon Filter , GoldenEye 007 , or Mission Impossible you 'll love this game . This game has an excellent multiplayer , an even better story with one of the best plots ever and is plain out fun . If you buy one shooter this year by WinBack .
 I played this game for 3 days straight and could n't get enough . It was kinda quirky at first and getting used to the controls -LRB- especially the camera controls -RRB- takes some getting used to , but if your looking for a good action game that is n't tomb raider -LRB- tm -RRB- then try this . Someone out there finally used the N64 for something good . It has a nice little story combined with a new way to control a character . It is a really good game if you ever wanted to step in the shoes of a covert ops character and sneak around and take out the bad guys one at a time . No huge guns that can kill a small army with one hit just one guy with his very small arsenal of weapons . You can even get a bonus for only using your pistol . I would definatle pick this up for those people that love thier Bond movies and had fun with Metal Gear Solid -LRB- tm -RRB- .
 This game is the best spy game in a long time . In Goldeneye , the enemies just stand there and shoot at you hoping to hit you . Not in Winback . The Terrorists will wait for you to show your head and then blow you away . And , Goldeneye 's dudes will shoot at you if they see you or not . Winback 's will wait until they see you . Winback
 Winback is one of the and if not that the best game I have ever come across . Winback is an amazing Action game that gives you hours of endless fun . If you have n't played this game then I think you should start saving this instant !
 Winback is a mix of startegy and pure insane shot 'em up action . Although the difficulty level is pretty steep I must say that this game is great . It has very innovative control . It is very easy to die so you have to be careful and avoid stupid mistakes . I recommend this game to anyone who liked the shooter aspect of Goleneye or the planning aspect of Mission Impossible . Winback is a great game .
 Winback is the type of game that gives the user the complexity and great gameplay more game designers should take note of . This game embarks into a journey of a special operator that has to stop a terrosist organization . The multiplayer game is a wounderful additive to the greatness of the game . This game will be the game to buy on the 64 .
 Man . This game absolutely rocks . The controls are VERY simple , unlike other reviewers . The game features 15 multiplayer modes that are all LOTS of fun . The game design is PERFECT . Extremely detailed environments , next to zero fog . Even the weapon reloading sequences ROCK ! Once you beat the game on any difficulty for the first time you earn lots of hidden characters for multiplayer and you get 2 new modes of play . This game will last you for months and is a must have !
 This game is great , and hardly nobody knows about it . Koei has not given this game any hipe so not many people know about it ! All the people that do have this game will know what I mean when I say its one of the best shooters since Goldeneye ! Its the closest game to Metal Gear Solid for the N64 . Its not a first person shooter , you can see yuor self on screen at all times . The controls are tough to learn , it will take you about a half an hour to learn but once you do its great . There is a-lot to do in the game that will keep you coming back and the bosses will give you a run for your money . The multiplayer is not as good as Goldeneye but it is good enough . There are a-lot of players you can be in multiplayer . Koei 's WinBack
 Winback Covert operations is the best game out right now for the Nintendo 64 . You are a member of S.C.A.T. -LRB- Strategic Covert Operations Team -RRB- . Your team has been mobilized to act against the Crying Lions . A terrorist organization that has captured a government base at Westham . The terrorists have used Gulf , a strategic weapons satellite , to destroy the center for space developement . Unless their demands are met , they will unleash the weapon again . Only 3 hoours remain until the Gulf Satellite is recharged . You and your team have that much time to infiltrate the base , neutralize the terrorist threat and regain controll of the Gulf Satellite . In Winback , you embark on a covert operation to take back the government base held by the terrorist group . Weapons at your disposal are
 The game Win Back is one of the best games I have ever played . It makes goldeneye look like a girls game . Good luck is all I can say !
 Now , when I first saw this game being played I was like `` I must have died and gone to counter terrorist heaven ! , '' but i was wrong . This is one awsome game , but the movement and camera controls SUCK bad . I especially hate being up against a wall , then a guy come up -LRB- this is usually in multiplayer -RRB- and you have to unlock from the wall , swing the camera all the way around , lock onto him , then shoot . Unless the attacker knows absolutely jack about the game , then you wo n't make it through half those steps . Also , the weapons suck , and their is n't enough of them . You ca n't even get an M16 , or any type of sniper rifle , now how cheap is that . Considering the shotgun -LRB- I 'm assuming it 's a Benelli M3 Super 9 by the looks -RRB- is in my opinion the best gun , or maybe the -LRB- I 'm making an educated guess here -RRB- MP5 , this game has a very limited arsonal . Nevertheless , this game seems to have a lot of SWAT like tactics , and , with SWAT teams generally the MP5 , Benelli , and Colt .45 -LRB- that 's what it closely resembles -RRB- . However , I 've never seen any of them with a 4 way rocket launcher . Hmmmm ...
 I bought this game the weekend after i saw it at my friends house and could n't think about anything else during that week . I played for hours non stop . I never got tired of it and gave me the real anti-terorist feeling instead of pulling out the `` Golden Gun '' , and Killing everyone . This is a must get game or your shooting game collection wo n't be complete !
 So your sick of playing PD or GE right.Meet Cougar,Jean-Luc Cougar , a SCAT agent forced to `` Winback '' the GULF satellite from terriosts called the `` Crying Lions '' . Seem easy , do n't count on it.Well a game that follows the genre Metal Gear Solid.There are so many stages in levels that you will be playing this game for a long time.This game beats GE and PD not just the levels but gameplay and graphics.Beutiful Worlds and backrounds and Music bring in the story of WinBack.Ok so it may have a limited arsenal , but you will use each of the weapons that you have at your disposal.Now there 's a twist , you must aim to fire your weapons , I like the feature but may be fustarating at times.Now the best feature that i love is the `` Hide ` n`Shoot '' feature . Which you hide behind a wall then turn and shoot.Just love the feature . Also Jean-Luc has some awesome moves , like the Matrix , well sort of.You will not be disappointed by this game . An award winner . This game wo n't get any dust at all !
 This game was very fun and challenging . I never wanted to stop playing it . The moves are realistic and the whole thing is what you see on t.v. when like a swat team goes in to stop the bad guy . Only thing is you ca n't jump but that is very minor . I wish also that you could save more frequently . But this game was awsome and you are missing out if you do n't even try it .
 This game has mild vilonce but no blood it is about a retired swat guy destroying a terorist ware house . Its Wonderful !
 Win back is perhaps the best shooting game ever to hit my life . It 's a game that is so realistic with a awesome storyline.If they would to make a movie , it would probably be greater than Termenator 3 . I mean think about this game . It 's exciting , because your thinkin is one of my team mates goona die . And the leader of your team , actually works for the bad guys . Now That 's a Classic . This is a must have . Trust me if you see it get it . Dont waste your time renting it .
 This game is great . It 's somewhat realistic somewhat not , and its not completely impossible to get good at . It 's realistic because you can only carry about 5 weapons at the max , unlike some games where u carry 8000 guns and 19,000 rounds . The health is the unrealistic part . It actually takes a lot to die but i dont mind that . It 's a great game and i dont play many video games so for me to like it , it must be good .
 THIS ACTION-PACKED GAME TAKES YOU TO NEW HEIGHTS OF EXTREME PLAYING . IT MAKES YOUR HEART POUND WHEN YOU TURN THE CORNER AND LOCK ON THE ENEMY WITH YOUR LASER POINTER UNTIL YOU FIRE A FEW ROUNDS AND KILL HIM . IT HAS SOME OF THE BEST GRAPHICS I 'VE EVER SEEN . THE WEAPONS ARE COOL AND REALISTIC . YOU WIPE OUT THE ENEMY WITH YOUR HANDGUN , SUBMACHINEGUN , ROCKETS , M16 -LRB- SECRET WEAPON -RRB- , SILENCED HANDGUN -LRB- SECRET WEAPON -RRB- , AND SHOTGUN . THIS GAME IS NONE OTHER THAN THE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR . -LRB- MY OPINION -RRB- IF YOU BUY OR RENT A GAME IN THE FUTURE , THIS IS THE GAME THAT YOU SHOULD GET !
 This game has a great multiplayer , a pretty good story line , and an awesome singleplayer . The tutorial mode is kind of lame especially when he tells me he wo n't be easy and I do n't even get hurt . Thats one of the few draw backs of the game , but all in all it 's a really good game whether your rolling around a corner or blowing a boss away with a shotgun or a bazooka it 's fun game .
 Winback : Covert Operations Is the best game out there.It 's so good I ca n't think of anthing bad to say about it!The graphics are awsom , and it is just like the movies !
 I play this game evry day . I gave it 5 stars it 's the best n64 game Ive ever played I recomend you get it . I just cant get enough of it .
 This is the best third person shooter for the n64 . Its like a combination of time crisis and siphon filter . It has a great story and multiplayer rocks . I just got it for christmas and i must say if you have it BUY THIS GAME ! You will not be sorry .
 I 'll start off by saying that this game is extremely underrated . It is the best spy game on the N64 console since Goldeneye . Why people dont like this game is because they compare it to Playstation 's `` Metal Gear Solid . '' I must admit , MGS is a better game , but this is definately the best for the N64 . The actions are movie-like , and easy to learn . The music is great , and the sound effects very realistic -LRB- boots clank when on metal , different guns have different sounds , etc. -RRB- . I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes action and/or spy games .
 If you like RPG games buy DK . But if your that hardcore gamer that loves to shoot and kill , in stealth , this game was made for you . It gives you the fealing of TIME CRISIS I , II ; but lets you have a little more control . I know the camera gets screwed sometimes , but it 's all worth it . if you have time and wait on the frustration you get rewarded with an ingenious game . If you have little tolerance and throw temper tantrums when frustrated do n't buy it . to sum it up : worth it if you can get past the difficult controls , great replay value and multiplayer , descent graphics , sound , and storyline that makes the game worthwhile .
 Winback is the best game for 64 ! The game play is unbelievable and the graphics rock . I got this game because it looked like a game I would n't beat the first week I got it ; like Goldeneye 007 . People can snipe at the limited arsenal of weapons or controls , but I say , who gives ? I will admit I have n't played MGS , but from what I have seen , this game rules . The third person perspective is much better than the first person perspective , and the rolling out of fire makes my day ! Save your money right now , or you might miss out on the best game to hit the nintendo since Jet Force Gemini !
 This game is asome , the grafics is about 9 out of 10 , the sound is 10 out of 10 , the game play 11 out of 10 . You feel like your really in the swat team and its alot better than goldeneye because you die easier , almost like real life instead of takeing a million shots to die . That is why i gave it a 5 STAR PLUS
 If you master this game , you win the title of the Champion of the Universe!This game makes staying home on Firday knights worth it ; -RRB- The Klingons must conquer shai-hulud , may they conquer the `` great maker '' . andMay the force be with you .
 I first noticed this game when I saw it in an add . It showed a few screen shots but I was still curious . Well , I ended up getting the game for Christmas . I started playing and I really got into it . I know a lot of people think it 's like Goldeneye or Medal Gear Solid , but I do n't think you can really compare . Although the camera angles get a little annoying and there is still a few bugs in it ... The graphics and game play make up for it . For a little backround
 this is one os the greatest and most under rated games of all time . this is like a real life spy game with great shooting techniques and awesome moves for sneaking around unnoticed so that you can aneak up behind them and pick one of those terrorist jerks.Jean-Luc andhis crew are trying to stop a group of terrorist in one of the most complicated but fun plots ever . It 's a challenging game that makes you think strategically instead of just a game where you go and shoot everyone.This is one of the all time greats !
 Good graphics , good sound , good control , and a great storyline is what a great game is made of . Winback has all of these . It 's like Metal Gear Solid , only with less sneaking around , and more shooting . But it 's still the closest thing to Metal Gear Solid for the N64 . It kind of gives you a feel of Time Crisis , because you can peak around corners to shoot and then turn back up against the wall . The game has a very relestic feel to it , because you can roll out of the way of gunfire . Another relestic thing is that instead of running out in the wideopen with your guns blazing , you have to hide behind walls and crates to shoot . How you do that is you lean up against a wall , peak out and shoot , or duck behind a crate and then pop up and shoot . But if theres more than one enemy , you 'll have to come up to shoot a few rounds and then duck back behind the crate or wall , so the enemy does n't shoot you . If you try to go out in the wideopen and shoot , your going to die . The enemys are n't stupid like in most games , so you 'll definitly have trouble on the hard mode . The graphics are good , but theres a lot of fog and breakup in the backgrouds . The character animation is great though . Sound is also good , but could have been better . The controls can be diffucult at times , especially when the camera is in the wrong place at the wrong time , which happens a lot . But you 'll get the hang of it with practice . The story has two endings , so if you want to know how it really ends you should beat it on normal . It also has a big twist on the true ending that you 'll be able to guess easily . So if you want fast-paced video game acton , go with Winback . It 's the next best thing to Goldeneye , and one of the best action games around .
 Win Back is a game that is a fun game that keeps your interest . Keeping with the spirit of Nintendo , since back in the day of regular Nintendo , this games provides a new and exciting look on N64 games . Its predecessor would be Golden Eye 007 -LRB- Game of the Year 1997-1998 -RRB- Its a modern day version of this game . If you are looking for a game such as Golden Eye 007 this is it ! The story line is the same old song and dance , but the action in the game is realistic ! You have to use all of you skills and brains to suprise the bad guys . The multi-player mode is excellent . The Pros
 Straight and simple , this game is one of the best . this game introduses stelth to the shooter genre . It is hard and frustrating at first but after the first litle while of plaing it , it gets unbeliveably fun ! Although it dosent have any cool gory gut spilling like Soldier Of Fortune for the computer , this game is grate !
 This game is for fans of Rainbow Six , Goldeneye , and Metal Gear Solid . The game is realistic and the moves of the characters is great . Jean-Luc ducks , rolls , and delivers high-powered action for players . The only drawbacks are the controls , which take a little time to learn . Overall , this game is great .
 Winback is a great game for anyone . The controls make the game more realistic . The game is definitely more realistic than Goldeneye because you do n't have such a huge life span so it does not take a billion shots to kill you . If you think the game is too hard or too complex , your wrong . It just takes some getting used to . I recommend this game to anyone who likes a challenge and does not want a game that they beat the first day they have it .
 I think the game has great grphics . It has one problem and that is the camera kind of gets in your way . I personally loved the game and it deserves a 5 star rating .
 This game is alot of fun , and I have enjoyed it every minute I have owned it . I ca n't seem to make it past the red lasers in the ninth level , but that is the challenge . I have also played Rainbow Six , but I consider this better . The camrea angles may serve as a hassle , it 's absolutly worth it .
 This is a extremely fun game it is hard though on your first time playing it . It took me and my friend a couple of days to beat the first level.it has a lot of sercrets to unlock such as sudden death mode , trial , max power however you do not need cheats ! to access these modes I beat the game on hard and got all of them.The multiplayer aspect needs some serious work -LRB- larger levels , with more detail -RRB- , but after just beating the game you can use all of the bosses in multiplayer mostly its a good game and could probalbly hold its own at a arcade its well worth the money !
 This is a game worth buying . there is n't blood so your mom wont be upset . It has a good idea to it but there are several cons . There arent the huge arsenal like in most games . Also the controls can be annoying . But I am not going to just talk about the bad stuff . There are lotsa cool things to do like C4 , Its so much fun to detonate on an enemy . The multi player is pretty bad though it is pretty pointless . If you dont like 3rd person shooters and woult prefer 1st order Perfect dark it will be a 1st person Winback with tons of guns , Charecters , Missions and best of all bots -LRB- CPU charecters -RRB- in the multi-mode
 I think this game is pretty cool , the game has a lot of good and interesting areas where the main character goes . And throughout the course of the game he sometimes must revisit areas . In addition I like the weapons used and the reality that the game brings to the average gamer like myself .
 This was a pretty neat game.Its cool cause the enemys show signs of inteligence ! Its like Metal Gear solid for N-64 . The reason its not 5 stars is because , I found this game to be VERY long and its very annoying playing this game if you dont have a save pack.Also Becasue There are all of 5 weapons in the game!It 's a pretty cool game just not the best .
 This was one of my sisters favorite games growing up and we 'd been looking for it a very long time . When we saw it here on amazon we were impressed by the price and bought it immediately . Timely delivery and plays like a new game . A keeper .
 This is a fun game to play , but it 's freakin ' hard . I 've never been able to progress past the first level because I ca n't really make the adjustment from GoldenEye-style play to MGS-style play that you need to get along.Multiplayer is , however , a joy . The levels are small enough that it 's pretty much constant mayhem for two players .
 Just Kidding ! This is one of the greatest games since Goldeneye . I gave it 4 stars because it does get very frustrating when there are glitches , but that is n't a reason to not buy it .
 This is one of the best games . You can pick from a lot of cool and dreamy convertables . The game has 10 killer tracks to race on . This a racing game for any racing fan .
 This game 's graphics are incredible ! The game play is good and the action is pretty intense . If you 're a fan of wolfenstein , I really think you 'd enjoy this title !
 Personally , I think this game got a bad rap . This game is awesome , and I will explain why . One reason it got such bad reviews was that it came out at the time of Unreal , Half-Life , Soldier of Fortune , and Quake 3 . So , naturally people were like `` What does this game have that these other great games have n't already perfected ? '' Another complaint was that the game play was boring and Neanderthal . Well , the game 's creators designed it that way so that anyone who is remotely interested in FPSs would easily slip into the game . Lastly , -LRB- And I still think this one is stupid -RRB- is the continuing theme of Nazi swastikas and propaganda . Well ?!? What did you expect ?!?! a bunch of pictures of US presidents ?! The game 's creators are Polish , so naturally , they wanted to set the mood and feel of being in Nazi Germany . So next time anyone tells you that this game sucks , just remember , that it came out at a bad time , and those people who gave it crappy reviews still play their boring , stupid , `` Story-Based '' games .
 I do n't like the fact that this game got ... reviews . I felt that that was an unfair judgement of this game mettle . This game came out in the period of Unreal , Half-Life , Soldier of Fortune , and Quake 3 . So , naturally , most people would be like , `` what does this game have that these games have n't already perfected ? '' Many people also did n't like it because of its basic gameplay , much like Doom and Wolfentstein 3d -LRB- This games predecessor -RRB- where you run in a room , kill everything in site , get the key , move to the next room , repeat . Not fair . The game 's creators made the game so that anyone who even remotely likes FPSs can ease into this game quickly . Another thing that pisses me off , -LRB- and this is a wierd one by the way -RRB- is the continuing theme of Nazi swastikas and propaganda . Well ?!? what did you expect ?!?! a bunch of pictures of american presidents ?!?! The games creators are Polish for Pete 's sake , they wanted to set the mood and tone of being in Nazi Germany . So if anyone else disses this game , its because it came out at the wrong time , and they still want to play their stupid `` Story-Based '' games .
 I purchased this game just over a year ago and still play it quite often . As noted in the editorial reviews this game has few flaws , especially when you consider the competitors for simulators of this period . I particularly would like to have had a flyable model of the F-4U Corsair as it is one of my favorite aircraft of the era , particularly in ground attack , it ruggedness and payload capacity made it a much more effective ground attack aircraft than the P-51 Mustang with it 's venerable liquid cooled engine . The F-4U4 Corsair also packed a heavier punch with it 's 4 x 20mm cannon instead of the 6 x .50 caliber Machine Guns found in the F-80 , F-84 , F-86 , and Mustang . Imagine how much more fun it would have been to blaze away at ground targets , especially armor such as the T-34s in the game with 4 x 20mm cannons instead Machine Guns.One feature that I did n't like was that it is impossible to frame air or ground targets without going into pad-lock mode , also when the relative location of the target slips from your cockpit field of view you get an external view of your own aircraft with the target visible behind it . This can be disorienting , particularly in a dogfight . I would have preferred it if you remained in the cockpit with some sort of arrow or other indicator to let you know the position of the target . In dogfights this is possible with the perspective indicator but it is impossible in ground attack mode.In evaluated this simulator at 4 stars because of these two shortcomings , which are relatively minor considering the other fun features and challenges build into this game . And one thing the editorial reviewers left out was the historical footage included on the CD-ROM , this adds to the atmosphere of the period considerably and reminds us again of ` The Forgotten War ' .
 I was drawn to this game because of my love of the F-86 , only after getting into it a bit more did I discover the depth of the sim . Being a former FAC , I really liked the fact that Interplay had included one for the ground attack missions . Air to air was very good , graphics great , and performance models good , but it was the mud moving that really hit home . Targets were difficult to locate -LRB- as they should be -RRB- without someone telling you where they are . Buy it !
 Do n't judge a game by its box . My expectations upon seeing this one were blown away once I opened it and started up the game . Metropolis Card Club is one of the nicest casino games I 've played for Windows . It 's got beautiful animated graphics and is quick and easy to play , not to mention extremely addictive . It actually includes 5 games in one . Along with the typical Blackjack , there 's several others that I 've never seen before in a video blackjack type game -LRB- Baccarat , Hi-Lo , Red Dog , and Bone Ace -RRB- . It 's designed to run similarly to other Windows games like Freecell and Solitaire , so you can easily switch back and forth between Metropolis and other applications . All in all , Metropolis offers a lot of fun without completely taking over your computer . I definitely recommend it to casino game fans -LRB- and those who are n't too ! -RRB- .
 If you like the Jagged Alliance Series I 'm not sure why you are even reading this when you could be playing JA2
 JA2
 This is one of my `` go to '' games , if there are n't any current games out that I like or I 'm bored with my current ones then I go to this game -LRB- this or Balders Gate 2 -RRB- . I 'm definitely more of a FPS player but with all the different characters , chemistry between them , tactics , etc. . It 's always fun ... I usually do n't play all the way through -LRB- usually just clear out the town and may go a little further -RRB- . I have completed the game , does n't really have an active story that you playthrough , just background info as to what 's happened , then you trudging and fighting through enemies to blow up a nuke facility and stop a guy named Morris ... that 's about it , there 's SOME story stuff on the way -LRB- such as when you reach Miguel and the few emails that you receive -RRB- , but that 's about it.The reason I gave it 4 stars was because it is kinda behind the times now . Based on todays standards if this game came out it probably would n't even be considered an actual game -LRB- Like how I consider Diner Dash type games ... no offense -RRB- . I also gave it 4 stars because it does n't really have a story ... which is kinda of a pro and con . I would like to give it 5 stars but it 's just not PERFECT , but still great enough to be almost timeless ... similar to Zelda
 This game has one of the steepest learning curves to ever meet the Playstation . It is unbelieveably realistic and can be a very fun game if you have the skills for it . The training mode is very helpful and must be used in order to play the game . RC Stunt Copter may cause frustration at first , but given time , can be a very fun and realistic simulation .
 This game really surprised me in a couple of ways.I kept hearing it was really hard and frustrating , but I just went through the training first , and it helped me get my skills up high enough to manage just fine . Then I slowly made my way up to harder and harder copters . Great sense of progression!Something I did n't expect at all was the humor . There is a voice giving surprisingly intelligent feedback to just about everything you do , and he 's really funny . And there 's a ` virtual ' hand you can throw up to block the screen when you 're playing against someone else in the 2-player mode.And the whole time you 're learning to fly a real r/c helicopter ! I 've never flown one myself , but now that I can manage the Ace copter in this game , I ca n't wait to give it a try with a real one , and maybe even buy one myself if I can afford it.Very unique ... a great breath of fresh air !
 I can not believe how cool this is ! It 's a Remote Control Helicopter Simulator . I have been begging to get a real r/c helicopter , but they cost a fortune.I had no idea that you could learn to fly one using your Playstation . It 's tough , but after taking the lessons I was doing tricks all over the place.This is easily the most original game I have ever played , and when I finally can afford the real thing , I am going to have saved a fortune in crashes.I very highly recommend this if you are a decent gamer .
 RC stunt Copter is a classic ps1 game that teaches you how to fly RC Copter , there are all kinds of different helicopters to choose from and training courses too.This game was also made by the same people who did Earth Worm Jim .
 This has got to be one of the most original games ever ! It can get frustrating at times but it pays off in the end . The makers say you will not finish the game and to me it 's that much of a job !
 Yes , this game is a little tough and , ive been told , actually made a Monk yell . That said , it has taught my kid to fly a little model copter , better than the simulator disk it came with.BUT ... i was given this game by a ` Rainbow Six Vegas ' nut who told me to play it ... live it and it would improve my FPS skills . It has greatly improved my hand to eye coordination . I am buying it for myself asap to touch up my sniping on COD4.GET THIS GAME if you like or want to fly model copters.GET THIS GAME and serve the other team some nice clean HEAD SHOTS !!! DONT get this game if you occasionally toss controllers . Ive gone through several .
 Heli flight is 10x more difficult than model airplanes . The training program on this game is great . If it did n't have that automatic help , you 'd be all over the place . Like starting out with an ace helicopter . This game does in fact help you fly REAL model helis . The only catch is , you MUST use the dual shock analog controller and use the two joysticks and become efficient with the ace helicopter -LRB- s -RRB- . It 's also not just a trainer for going into model flight , it 's also a challenge and great fun . I have a helicopter and this game does help out a lot . Or , if you have an Intel Pentium , you can go to ... and get a REAL FLIGHT Simulator for about ... and you can really see what it 's like . That 'll be a LOT more REALISTIC than this game but this PSX game does help out a lot .
 When I bought my LCD TV , I paid a fortune for an HDMI cable at the retail store . Stupid me , I should have known better about the outrageous markups many retail stores put on video accessories . Recently , I bought several of these cables at a fraction of the price I paid for that first one , and I used them to connect a Blu-ray player , an Xbox360 , and an audio/video receiver . Even with the high shipping cost , these cables are much cheaper than I found elsewhere . And they work just fine.Remember , HDMI cables transfer digital info -- they pass bits , not an analog signal -- so , basically , they either work or they do n't work . You 'll either see the complete picture and hear the audio , or you wo n't -LRB- if the cable is defective -RRB- . These are not like analog cables where cheaper , poor-quality cables can result in a poorer picture or sound . So if you get any HDMI cable that works , you wo n't get any better quality by paying for more expensive HDMI cables . Reviewers that say they see a poorer picture with cheaper HDMI cables are fooling themselves and do n't understand digital vs. analog .
 I just got this cable to hook my XBox 360 up to my new 42 '' Phillips LCD . I was a little worried at first that I was n't getting what I needed , but was right on with it . The 1.3 a Category 2 HDMI cable is definitely the way to go . It 's amazing to see how many places are charging $ 40 - $ 50 for the same thing so they can put a popular name on it.I got this cable while playing Fallout 3 and immediately noticed the difference in the small detail and sound quality . Not sure if I would pay what others are charging for this cable , but for $ 3 and $ 3 S&H ; YOU CA N'T GO WRONG !
 I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly HDMI cables . Just buy this cable you wo n't regret .
 These cables are great !! The quality is excellent and the price is definitely right . Looked at several other cables before I found these and other than being 30-50 times more expensive , there was absolutely NO benefit in using the name brands .
 For the price , this item ca n't be beat ! The 1080P picture and HD sound are fantastic ! No need to buy $ 100 Monster Cable , this works the same .
 Using these cables for my ps3 and they work great . I have a samsung tv and i get amazing picture quality . Do n't hesitate cause of the price the cables do the job !!!
 I bought a 37 '' LG about 2 months ago , and got this cable because I do a lot of gaming and watch movies and I could n't be happier . Why anyone would spend $ 40 + at the store for the exact same thing is beyond me .
 i have not purchased this product , but i would like to clarify something . i have read all of the 1 star reviews , and most of these people do n't have 1080p tv 's , they have 1080i tv 's . huge difference.In 1080i each frame of video is sent or displayed in alternative fields . The fields in 1080i are composed of 540 rows of pixels or lines of pixels running from the top to the bottom of the screen , with the odd fields displayed first and the even fields displayed second . Together , both fields create a full frame , made up of all 1,080 pixel rows or lines , every 30th of a second.In 1080p , each frame of video is sent or displayed progressively . This means that both the odd and even fields -LRB- all 1,080 pixel rows or pixel lines -RRB- that make up the full frame are displayed together . This results in a smoother looking image , with less motion artifacts and jagged edges.in summary . 1080i is still high quality , but it is viewed in a more efficient way , making it not as good . but there is a clear difference . for 1080i tv 's , get a category 1 cable . end of story .
 It 's an HDMI cable . It does what it 's supposed to do . No problems.It 's cheap ... but it 's just a cable . Reccommended .
 As a technolgy genius , I ca n't scretch enough about not buying overpriced cables.HDMI is HDMI , if there 's any fault or error in the cable , it was start to produce `` noticeable '' picture problems , so its even yes or no.Don ' t worry about mbits of speed , because like I say if its not giving you the full 1080p speed it will start to produce error.Comparing a 40 $ HDMI cable vs 0.20 $ HDMI `` that works correctly '' will have the 100 % exact same result .
 This cable works great used on my dvd player with easylink to tv . audio and video work right from the start no problems like other cables.Only knock i have is with the description , it states is Xbox 360 compatible , but can not use this directly with an Xbox 360 . You have to buy a Xbox Specific cable , not a so called compatible one .
 This product is really a steal ! i love the fact that i can this kind of quality at this price !
 I WAS LOOKING FOR INEXSPENSIVE HDMI CORDS FOR MY PS3 AND MY NEW HD TV . . WELL EVERYONE TOLD ME U HAVE TO GET MONSTER CABLES THERE LIKE 50 $ $ $ BLAH BLAH BLAH ... !!!! WELL I FOUND THESE AND THOUGHT HEY THERE CHEAP SO IF THEY DONT WORK OH WELL . . BOY I WAS WRONG THEY ARE GREAT . . THE TV IS AMAZING AND THE PS3 GAMES LOOK SOOO GOOD !!! . YOU DO N'T NEED THOSE OVER PRICED MONSTER CABLES . THEY SHIPPED TO ME FAST . . I EVEN GOT THEM EARLIER THAN EXSPECTED . -LRB- I KNOW I WAS CHECKING MY MAIL BOX DAILY -RRB- . I WILL DEFINATLY BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN !!!! THANKS GUYS !!!
 I was looking around for HDMI cables and found they ranged from a meager 30 dollars to well over 200 ! When considering this purchase I could not fathom paying as much since unlike analog signals , HDMI is either On or Off . Meaning that gold plating , braided wires , or the usual bells and whistles you 'd get do not do any good . It either works , or it does n't . Upon seeing this cable I snapped it up and it has worked FLAWLESSLY since that day , over six months ago . And considering how much I use it , it was honestly the best couple of bucks I ever spent ! I even tell people the shipping was more than the cable ! AWESOME ! - Adam
 If there is anything you should get from this review it is HDMI cables are the same , those really expensive cables deliver the same performance as these . Save some money and enjoy the show !
 The cables work as indicated . Received the cables in the amount of time indicated and in good condition . This cable work fine . Can not beat the price .
 Shipping Was Fast I Got This Item Quickly It Connects To My TV And Picture Quality Is Gr8 Thank You Very Happy .
 The HDMI cable functions very well and does what it suppose to . The cable was delivered promptly without any delays . I have very good service from Amazon with delivery of items that I have purchased . I prefer dealing with Amazon because of the minimum of problems when ordering .
 Product seems to be of high quailty.Works very well in the applications that I am using it.Delivery was as promised and I would not hesitate doing businus with this firm again .
 HDMI cables are notoriously expensive in brick-and-mortar shops . The combination of great prices and free shipping makes this a HDMI cable a bargain .
 Great price , working well so far . When I bump into the cord I lose the picture for a few seconds which is annoying , but no complaints besides that , especially for the price . Would definitely recommend for a cheap HDMI cord .
 These came very quickly , and work great for my sons tablet to connect to the television . well worth the price and I would order again . !
 great picture quality while using this cable . I use it for my digial artwork to project it on a much bigger screen . thanks tons !
 Got 3 cables to update my A/V system . First 2 work fine for computer and DVD hookup to TV . Waiting on new cable box to use third .
 I would n't know if it 's worth buying a more expensive cable cause I ca n't tell any difference.All I know is this cable delivers a superb full 1080p pic to my new LED tv and it looks amazing . Not one complaint here ... and for less than $ 3 I have bought 3 of these for all my HDMI needs
 The fellow that sold me my TV told me I needed a $ 75 gold-plated `` monster-like '' cable to get the best picture . I told him I 'm not a resolution snob , nor will I be viewing my High Definition Television through a phoropter . Plus , my HDTV is only a 32 '' 720p , so I just need a cable to make my Xbox guy look not-bad on my vidjya game screen . I notice no digital noise , or any other symptom of poor quality craftsmanship . Blu Ray movies , and high def games look just fine.When I need more cables , I shall order more from this seller .
 I love this cable . It has made my games come to life . The graphics with this cable is extremely over the top great .
 Do n't waste your money on Monster cables . These are just as good for a fraction of the price . I 've used them to connect a pc , an xbox , and a bluray player .
 I ordered this cable for my son to use with his Playstation 3 and his new HD TV . He said that it is remarkable how much clarity this cable provides on his new tv . He did not expect to see that much of a difference but he has , also , it now frees up one of his ports on the TV to add an additional gaming system .
 These are over 20 dollars at Walmart , even more at Bestbuy . It carries a digital signal and picture quality is either all there or not so why spend so much money on cables ? These work great and at 6ft are pretty much the perfect length -LRB- I 've found my 3ft ones can be about a half a foot or so too short at times -RRB- . Save a bunch of money and buy these cables online .
 I had order the hdmi cables and found them to be of good quality for an extremely cheap price . I would strongly recomend .
 got here in good time and in good conditiongreat seller !! thank you
 its worth buying !!! it comes like new !!! its nice looking !!! its worth risking the very small chance of getting it in bad condition . If its not what you expect , remember it was practically free .
 Who really wants to pay $ 20 + for cables ? These cables were less than $ 5 when I purchased and work perfectly for my TV . Do n't overspend elsewhere .
 This HDMI cable is cheap and it works . It has everything you need
 I am so happy with my working HDMI cable . It shipped quickly . It was inexpensive . After buying 2 other HDMI cables previously , that did NOT work , I am so pleased to have this functional and inexpensive cable working properly.HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB-
 I 've purchased about three of these HDMI cables and have n't had any issues at all . I use one for my Xbox360 , DVR , extra , etc. .
 Great value for a 6 foot 1080p HDMI cable.Needed this item to hook up my Apple TV.This cable was first to arrive!Fast shipping.Thank you ,
 I used the cable to connect a monitor to a PC . It worked as expected at a fraction of the cost of HDMI cables at local stores .
 I 've had these hdmi wires for about 3 years and they work wonderful . Still using them til this day and you cant beat the price . I recommend this to anyone . they 're great !
 Same quality as the Sony cables I 've been wasting money on . Audio and picture quality is just as great as the cables Sony manufacturers .
 This HDMI cable was a great price and just as good as the store ones that cost double or triple this price . It works great and we will always buy these from Amazon !
 This USB cable works great best graphics and sound . Ands the best thing is that is at a low price which makes it better .
 This cable is great quality and value . with my old hdmi cables i had a slight buzzing noise coming from my speaker , but after i got these the sound has improved 100 %
 Bought the cable to use on my PS3 and new plasma . Such a difference was made to the pics and graphics . This made the gaming experience the bomb .
 Product works with my PS3 just as stated , at 1080p . Why would you pay 10x that for the same thing elsewhere ?
 i bought 4 cables from here about a month ago and they have worked perfectly so far .
 Well , I do n't know much about HDMI cables but it seems to work just fine . It shows my games in full HD with no problems . And the best thing is its extremely cheap .
 This works for either the 360 or the PS3 just fine . 360 certified HDMI cord is right around 50 dollars !
 This HDMI works great . Save your money on higher priced HDMI cables . I am using these on my 60 1080P set and the picture and sound are great .
 HDMI cables bought by Acquantis Technology , Inc. were of great quality and delivery time was qucicker then Amazon themselfs . Would buy from them in the future .
 Bought these to use with my PS3 and they worked without any issues . Cable is well made , specially for the amount payed , but do n't expect anything fancy . I would definitely buy them over the more expensive brand ones . For some reason USPS shipped incorrectly , I emailed seller and got another cable sent out . I would definitely recommend cables and seller .
 These are wonderful . They work exactly as you would expect on my HD system . I ca n't imagine why I would want to spend all that extra cash for Monster cables ! Do n't waste you money on the expensive ones at Circuit City -LRB- if they are still around -RRB- or Best Buy . Get these .
 The cable eventhough cheap is well made and looks like other expensive cables . I compared the picture quality with other expensive cable that I got from bestbuy and didnt find any difference . Dont waste your money on those other expensive cables . This is awesome . I got three of these cables for the price of one expensive cable .
 High priced cables may be slightly better , but at only 6 feet , line losses are insignificant and , with digital , things either work or they do n't . This cable works fine between my Sony Blu-Ray BDP S350 and Mitsubishi 40 '' LCD HD TV .
 The product is in great condition . Used cables still have same HDMI quality as newer ones . Do not let this insanely low price fool you . This product is the real deal . It went perfect with my PS3 and HD-DVD .
 Do n't forget to set your PS3 to HDMI output in the settings ! Sound & picture quality are perfect .
 This was so much cheaper getting from amazon . Especially since there 's no brand name attached so no overhead costs . This does exactly what it needs to do . Hooked up my cable box to the receiver .
 Shipped fast , Works just as good as the over priced $ 50-100 dollar ones . Would recommend to any one who wants and HDMI cord .
 I just got this cable for my husband to hook up his XBox 360 . I was a little worried since I 'm not much on this kind of stuff and was afraid that I was n't getting what he needed . I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly cables . Just buy this cable
 I just got this cable in the mail today , I tested it out and it works far beyond my expectations . I didnt expect much for uder $ 2 , but this cable performs well when hooking up my computer to my 20 inch tv . Its great for watching digital movies or playing games . I 'll be trying it on bigger tvs , so really see the quality . But overall the video was crisp and had high quality sound .
 Using it for ps3 , complety happy with product , and over joyed with cost . Amazing . Highly recommend if looking to save money and get same great quality .
 Excelente producto recomendado . . lo recomiendo ! funciona excelente y llego a tiempo , excelente envoltura y tal cual lo describio el vendedor
 I saw this cable for a price way below the others . I checked the reviews , and everyone seemed happy . At that price there was nothing to lose , and it works perfectly . I 'm very pleased .
 What do I say about an HDMI cord ? It transferred the video from my cable box to my TV . Thats what I needed it for .
 I ordered 2 of these and will probably order more . This is a Great Product and well worth the great price .
 This has enhanced the graphic quality of all my games by so much !!! I love it and you ca n't beat the price !! Also shipping was fast & at a reasonable cost .
 I ordered two hi def hdmi calbes and i got them :-RRB- Just a fantasic buy , i couldnt ask for more .
 Item arrived on time . I tried it immediately using it from my netbook to a VGA adapter and it works perfectly .
 Well ... . the thing about this is ... it 's a cable , it wants me to leave a long reply . . but other than that , the cable works amazing , no problems with it .
 I got this item very quick and it works great . Ca n't beat the price and the length is more than enough to hook my laptop comfortably up to the tv .
 This is the best hd cable I have ever bought it is easy to use and the long length means you can have your device close to you
 I bought several of these cables for the purpose of hooking up my PS3 to an HDTV , along with several cable receivers across the house to watch HD channels . So far , they all work fine and I am happy that I could get these at a great price . I have however not used them for anything else beyond hooking up my PS3 and receivers to HDTVs , so I can not comment on whether they are reliable for outputting other devices , like laptops , to the TV.The only issue I have is occasionally on one of the cables , the sound may go out . So far this has been resolved by just pulling the cable out and putting it back in , but if it does stop working at some point , I can always get another one for a reasonable price . Do n't be fooled by gimmicks to make you buy more expensive cables , these work fine for most of what you 'll need them for .
 Ordered this cable for very cheap . Do n't fall for the gimmicks . A simple hdmi cable should be cheap and work . I would recommend this product to anyone . Buy one buy three , it 's cheaper than `` name '' brand cables and does the job perfectly .
 Got them quick , ca n't beat the price . Waaaaayyyy better than getting them from Walmart for 20 a pop . Great product
 Well for a couple bucks , I do n't see it possible to beat this deal . I have used this cable heavily for two years , running from myElement 32 '' Class LCD 720p HDTV w/2 HDMI-Refurbishedto my PS3 . Finally I had a problem with my PS3 losing sound , so I unplugged the HDMI cable and plugged it back in resolving the issue . Its been a couple months and there has been no problem with the sound again so I will be writing it off as a fluke event . The cost to performance ratio is so amazing that I did n't even think about the one incident affecting my 5 star rating of this product . After all , I am not THAT knowledgeable in this department . . so it might not even have been the cable 's fault for the issue . Either way , I 'm still using this inexpensive cable happily . . and I recommend that everybody else do the same . It blows my mind what the HDMI cables in stores sell for , especially when this one performs just as well as the 40 dollar one my friend purchased .
 Best price . Great quality . However , very flexible which feels a little easy to break . Using for hard connection . No cons yet . Video/Sound works great on 1080p .
 Do n't spend more than you need to on cables ! These HDMI cables work flawlessly at a fraction of the cost of the name brands . Do n't be fooled by marketing gimmicks . These are all you need !
 Cheap , made in China , but it gets the job done . I use to connect my PS3 to my TV and it works with no problems .
 All I was looking for was a replacement god I cable and this fit the bill works fine I 've been using it for 3 months for my 32 tv .
 I got this to add a video device to my TV and it works great . I am really surprised at the price as most retailers sell it for agreat deal more .
 Great product , gives 1080p image . built tough and fits nice n snug in hdmi jack .
 It was delivered very quickly and works great . Nice tight fit and awesome video/sound quality . buy it !
 Paid 10 dollars for this baby and it 's well worth it . You dont need to pay 50 and 60 dollars for an HDMI cable when these work just as good . I see stores like bestbuy and circuit city selling these cables with xbox and ps3 for like 50 dollars which is a RIP OFF plain and simple . Even that cable company Monster has been ripping people off . I see them selling some cables for more then 100 dollars !! That 's insane and blatant robbery . . I used this cable for my xbox and it works great !
 I ordered this product and 2 days later I had it in my hands . What else can you say about a cable ? Fast shipping and good quality product .
 I bought this cable for the kitchen TV , so I was n't concerned about ultimate performance , or snob appeal , but I can find no fault with it . It works and it 's cheap . Probably because it is cheap , this cable is thinner and more flexible than some -- that 's a plus where I 'm using it . I recommend this product.Paul
 I purchased 2 PS3 game consoles for my boys and grand children at christmas and needed 2 more cables . We checked at all the stores that carry them and then as I always do I went to my trusty Amazon.com site and found them at a fraction of the cost !!! So I purchased them there and they came within a few days and the kids had a great time with there new game system.Thanks amazon . I tell everyone I know to always check with Amazon before purchasing anything from another site or a department store.M.L . Forney
 Excellent Product , Excellent Price , Quick Shipping , Item recieved in condition staed . Hope to buy from again . A + for all marks .
 This HDMI cable is just as good as the higher priced ones . I would recommend this cable to anyone .
 This product is just what I needed great price and I can really see the difference in the quality of my tv
 Works great . Bought it for PS3 , works just as good as those $ 60 cables .
 The cables are same quality and length as cables priced up to 30Xs as much . I would recommend purchasing these cables and saving the extra money you would have wasted buying the overpriced ones .
 This cable is as good as all the super expensive cables out there . Salespeople will always try to SELL you on the fact that the others are better but it 's a fad . Get this cable already . You ca n't beat the price .
 This cable works just fine ! I regret that i bought my first cable from a store for $ 50 . What a Rip Off !! Its a terrible feeling ... Do yourself a favour and just buy this cable . And tell as many friends as you can .
 Purchased one of these from seller Eforcity for less than six bucks after shipping . Arrived pretty quickly in Washington apparently from California . Was in a sealed generic clear plastic bag . Hooked it up to my Toshiba 1080p TV and Philips 1080p Upconverting DVD player and it seems to work fine .
 It provides the same quality video as the other more expensive ones , so I ca n't see a reason to buy the same cable for 20-30 $ .
 The cable does a great job.I use it between Samsung 32 '' LCD TV -LRB- 1080P -RRB- and Western Digital TV HD Media Player . I can enjoy great picture quality.I am fully satisfied with this cable .
 I must say , I was a little sceptical about these cables , because they were so inexpensive . They work just as good as more expensive cables . I have seen PS3 HDMI Cables in the stores for up to $ 99.00 ! An audio/visual person I know informed me that an HDMI Cable is an HDMI Cable regardless of what materials are used , etc. . As he explained , the signal remains the same.I highly recommend these cables , I purchased two since they were so cheap .
 paid around $ 5.00 with shipping . works perfectly with my xbox 360 on my hdtv . arrived one day prior to the estimated date .
 This HDMI cable works great for the price I paid for it . I wish it was a little longer though . .
 Sturdy construction and nicely packaged , for the price i was shocked at how well these perform . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a cheap solution for HD .
 The price for the cables was outstanding . Delivery was extremely fast . The cables functioned as if they were super expensive ones and provided great graphics . I will difinitely return to this seller for future purchases.HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB-
 The product delivery was on time . I am not sure if the piece I received was a defective or of bad quality , I was not able to get good picture quality when I connected my laptop to the LCD tv.However , the seller customer service was great . They immediately sent me a better quality cable as free replacement and now I have the desired picture quality .
 Worked fine but the metal plug ripped off the end the very first day I had it . I got a replacement and has worked great ever since . Just be slightly careful if you need to unplug it , I do unplug mine from time to time without incident . Other than that , the signal looked great and the middle of the cord was thick and strong .
 It 's like getting the monster cables for two dollars . Who would n't buy it ? I only gave it 4 stars because my gold tip on the cable was slightly bent and it caused it to crackle a bit when I first plugged it in . No problem , I then ordered another one just in case it broke , and the second one I ordered was perfect .
 Exactly what I needed and came earlier than the arrival time given to me . Works great , connected to my electronic devices with no issues .
 it only cost a dollar so why not , and it 's not defective . plus it 's working well with our television : -RRB- it makes it clearer and i can really feel the game by using this cable .
 I use my HDMI cable for my PlayStation 3 and it is the perfect length ! Not too much slack and not too taught ! I love this ! HD is so much better than AV cables ! Quality seller . Quick shipping , quality products , would recommend to friends , and would buy from them again !
 Does what a HDMI cable is suppose to do . Connected it from my xbox 360 to my HD tv and works perfectly .
 the cables work , shipping time was okay , and product was as specified . Cable was good in length and came with little covers for the head of the cables .
 As always . I 've never been more happy with my product ever forever ever . This is the happiest moment of my life .
 Works as described ! Why spend $ 30 on a cable ? It was shipped quickly . And well worth the wait . buy with confidence
 shipped fast works great i really couldnt ask for more . my only recommendation is make sure you always buy the bigger cable .
 Love it it makes playing and videos much better , bigger area seen while plaiyng video games and the price was . Ice
 Bought these cables for around $ 3.50 about a month ago and they 've been working great for my Xbox . They 're much better than those component cables because they fill the entire screen and provide a smoother look to the over all picture . Just outstanding for the price .
 Retail stores make all their money on cables . Ordering them from here and from the source overseas is the best idea . These HDMI cables perform just as well as an expensive $ 40 cable from a retail store . I use it everyday and will buy more when need be .
 These HDMI cables work just fine . I have a new Samsung ultra-thin HD TV , BlueRay player and DirectTv box all connected , and they perform superbly .
 they give a nice picture and good sound i also like how sturdy they feel very happy with these cables
 I do not know what more to write , it is a cable , and it works , and it is cheap . You do not have to get dressed to buy this !
 The cables work great and im amazed on how well they work for the price I paid for them will use this sender gain
 I use this cable with my PS3 to play 3D Blueray movies on my LG 3DTV . It is inexpensive and works great .
 I use this HDMI on my PlayStation 3 system and it works perfectly 1080p and is a great size very good material
 It 's a cable , it works . Nothing really else to say about it ! Used it to connect my PS3 to my HDTV and it worked just fine .
 It does what you need it to do . Cables in the electronic stores are so expensive . Great buy for the money .
 I use this for steaming with my computer . It does what I need it to and does n't have any fault in the picture projected .
 This cable worked very well with my 720p HDTV . I used it with my PS3 and Roku player and the quality was spot on .
 Everything is as advertised . At first I thought the ends were n't gold as advertised but everything is great . Highly recommend .
 The cable arrived on time and as described , it does the job as expected , I am satisfied with my purchase .
 Why pay so much for the same cord when this works just as well . Does the trick for me ! Buy this and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I am very satisfied with this cable the only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was the fact that I could n't track this product which madero a little nervous but I got it never the less : -RRB-
 Cheap cables that works for HD . What can get better than that ! I recommend and would purchase the product again
 Cable worked with unbelievably low price . What more to say , except that this dumb we site requires more words ! Liked it .
 I bought two cables , and was pretty stoked when they came in the mail . They work like a charm for my laptop and 360 . The length is fine for me since the electronics are n't too far apart . It 's a great product if you take care of the wires .
 Why would you spend a lot of money on an HDMI cable . This conforms to HDMI 2.0 standards , so it will work with literally everything . There 's no reason to money on a branded cable ; they all carry a digital signal well enough at &#60; 15 feet .
 ordered two for HDTV . using one for directv receiver , the other for streaming video from internet . works fine , no problem . sent quickly , price is great ! very satisfied .
 IT was cheap and it worked , what more need be said ? I 'd recommend this deal for anyone who needs HDMI cables and does n't want to spend a lot .
 Good product . I use it to connect my xbox 360 to HDMI ready monitor . Quality is good and the cost is significantly less than ` name brand ' HDMI cables .
 These cables solved an issue I was having with the component cables I bought for my PS3 . Before images has a strange shadow duplicate , now I get a crisp 1080p resolution . Good stuff . -LRB- On a side note , Amazon wants me to rate how fun these cables are . They do n't compare to legos but they 're alright for what they are . -RRB-
 do not hesitate when you look at this prduct . i wanted one cause i just got a new hdtv i saw that my xbox 360 could be in 720 so i went to the store and saw the cheapest one for 14.99 for a 3 footer . i decided to look on amazon and magically found a 6 footer for the best price around . i bought two just in case i get a ps3 . so i basically got 2 for the price of one .
 It 's been over 3 months since I 've purchased these cables and they are fantastic ! My XBOX360 runs in full 1080p , my digital cable HD channels all run in 1080i , and I could n't be happier with the performance and reliability I 've gotten out of these cables so far . If you need full 1080p cables that you can rely on for a low low price , then order these and look no further ... seriously .
 Wow , awesome . This HDMI cable is fully HD compatible , 6 ft is a good length . Keep in mind , if you get a longer cable , it may not be as high quality , so 6ft , although kind of short , is great . This works for my Xbox 360 , my brother 's PS3 , DVD , BluRay , anything . You do n't need an adapter to plug it into a nextgen game console or dvd player or BluRay because it 's universal so there 's no need to waste money on an official xbox , PS3 , or other name brand cables that will run you a much higher cost . And it 's worth it , if you 've got a decent size screen or a huge screen especially with 720-1080 , BUY THIS ! Makes a great picture , much , much better than component cables .
 I was skeptical when I read that an $ 80 cable would perform the same as a cheap cable , but I found a great deal on this item and I bought a few -LRB- I think I spent $ 20 dollars for four cables and shipping -RRB- . I have been using the cables for my Digital Cable Box and my PS3 and they have performed flawlessly . I am very happy I made that decision .
 This HDMI cable is a good quality one . Even If I have never seen a bad quality HDMI cable . It does a good job connecting my Xbox 360 and DVD player to an HDTV .
 These cables were inexpensive relative to similar products costing much more at retail stores , but they seem to work just fine - no issues thus far - we are using them with a 1080p Sony TV , Sony Playstation 3 , and Motorola HD DVR . The description is a bit out of date , it says `` 1.3 a '' but the cables actually delivered were more current 1.3 b HDMI .
 I was very skeptical about this cable because it was n't $ 100 . I ordered it for my PS3 and I 'm glad I did . It 's completely awesome . Buy it and you wo n't regret it .
 I was hesitant in buying this HDMI cable since it was so cheap and some HDMI cables run for $ 60 in retail stores but after reading the numerous reviews on this product , I decided to get it . Now that I have received it and hooked up my Xbox 360 with it , it runs perfectly . Not a faulty cable . All you have to know that all HDMI cables are exactly the same . Nothing can make them better or give a better picture . Only reason it could be more expensive is that the cord itself is thick and more reinforced.I have no dogs or little children living in the house so that was n't an issue for me.Do yourself and save a whole lot of money by getting this cable . Ca n't go wrong .
 Cheap and great quality . No need to buy a $ 30-70 in the store when you can get this . Works great with my xbox 360 .
 I bought this cable to hook up my PS3 to my LCD TV and it works perfectly fine . For the price , you can not beat it ... it 's a fraction of what you would pay for an HDMI cable at BestBuy or Wal-Mart . Highly recommended .
 first off i read most of the review on here and they all seem to talk good about the product so i figured why not its cheap ... so i got it and i love it it works great on my ps3 and looks just as great as another set i got at best buy ... if i would of seen this a few months ago i would of got this first instead of spending my money at best buy
 this is a really great purchase i highly recomend it got it hooked up to my ps3 and it works great havent had any problems with it buy this !! works just as good as the expensive ones .
 I 've had this product for almost two years now and it 's still holding up great ! Right now it 's plugged in to a wall hdtv from its back , so the cable tip that plugs into the tv 's hdmi port is actually sort of bent . But even with that , it 's still working perfectly . And it 's less than a dollar too!NOTE
 This HDMI cable made my game show 10x better than it did before I purchased the cable . It was completely worth the wait and money .
 The HDMI cable works OK with our plasma -LRB- someone was asking if was only for LCD before -RRB- but if you are using it with your XBOX 360 and you have a headset -LRB- Turtle Beach-type , not the regular ones -RRB- you 'll also need the adaptor for audio OUT . I should have checked before , because the adaptor by itself is more expensive than cable and adaptor together , at least here in Amazon . Otherwise , no problem . Recommended , especially for the price .
 The first game i tested out was GOW3 , I almost cried on how beautiful it looked in 1080i -LRB- gow3 does n't have 1080p . -RRB-
 The cable works fantastic . Works perfect , no troubles for your PS3 ! , no black screen bs . easy as 1 , 2 , 3
 The first thing to note about this cable is that it is a bulk OEM cable - so it would just be placed into the shipping container without any sort of packaging . I suspect that this may be a Hitachi cable -LRB- but I ca n't be certain , because there is absolutely no branding on it -RRB- UL Ratings : UL Style
 HDMI cable works as expected . Beautiful 1080P from my blu ray player . I just need to get a longer cable -LRB- my fault , not manufacturers -RRB- .
 The HDMI cable does what 's it is supposed to do -- transmit signals . This HDMI cable does this perfectly . I used the cable to connect my XBOX to my TV . Thanks for saving me a bunch of money !
 Very happy with purchase , fast shipping and good product quality , excellent communication with the store , Preben it with a blue ray dvd and everything great
 i would highley recomend buying this my ps3 looks great super Clear very cheap and ya highly recomended HDMI ON MY PS3 NOW
 Cable works fine . First time into HD connection . Saw other cables on other sites which were way too high . Bought this , works fine!Payed more for shipping than for the cable itself . Do n't know what the expensive cables do but I 'm sure not much more than this .
 I bought these three HDMI cords and tested all three at the same time : * HDMI Cable Category 2 -LRB- Full 1080P Capable -RRB- -LCB- Sold by
 I purchased this cable to hook up a new , full 1080P television to my cable box and to my DVD player and I get a great picture with it . You ca n't beat the price , especially when you consider the same cables are $ 30 or more at retail stores . Shipping was fast and the cable arrived on time . I 'm not by any means an expert on how this cable is supposed to work , however I do know a great picture from a bad one , when I see it , and this product is exactly as specified .
 This HDMI Cable category 2 has n't fail me at all . It works great , and displays up to 1080P ! I highly recommend this HDMI cable .
 I liked also an excellent product and I am happy to deal with you and I would recommend buying the product
 I bought this one to save money and it works just as well as the $ 50 ones , only I got it for less than $ 10 . I love it and it works perfectly with my Xbox 360 and laptop .
 I only needed a short -LRB- 6 ft -RRB- HDMI cable to complete our change over to a new HD TV , new Blue-ray DVD player and Tivo HD box setup . One cable I had was only 3 ft and too short . I drove around to four local stores to find one . All had an HDMI 6 ft cable -- at prices ranging from $ 18 to $ 36 . Nothing doing , I thought . Twenty years ago I worked for a start-up Network manufacture and we would purchase all kinds and lenghts of cables , the most expensive of which never exceeded $ 5 . One day back then we were short one cable for a urgent shipment . I drove to the local radio shop to find they too had the needed cable -- for $ 25 . After I chewed out the sales clerk for such a high price , he admitted the only thing the store made money on was the cables . The TVs , the stereos , the computers all broke even , but they made a pile on the cables.So , last month I checked with Amazon and they had a HDMI cable cat2 for only $ 1.99 with free shipping ! I could n't believe it . Must be a scam . Impossible ! Well , being the big spender , high risk taker that I am , I ordered two cables just to test the purchase . I mean , with only four bucks to lose , what the hell , eh?Got the cables in about five days by mail . They looked good . I plugged them about a week ago ... and did they work ? Hell yes , they worked . They have worked great every day and night since . What a deal !
 i Bought one of these for a relative and it worked on his hugh 60 ' or so tv and worked better than expected , we joked we now can see wrinkles on news anchors lol . but besides that this works , if your looking for a good -LRB- reliable -RRB- hdmi cord look no further and if it doesnt work its probably due to tv not hdmi .
 This product is exactly what I wanted and it came within a matter of days . I would recommend this product to anybody .
 After dealing with all the overpriced cables out there , this one is a great value . Got it for a Roku player I got to view my Amazon Prime videos on my tv and did n't want to spend as much for the cable as I did for the box . No problem at all with the cable , does what it 's supposed to . For $ 1.69 jump on this thing !!!
 GREAT !!! cheap and well worth it they work better then the ones for 40.00 dollars at the stores love these
 I bought this cable because it was far cheaper than buying one in the store . I was n't sure if it was good quality or not . I hoooked it up to our new Blue Ray Player and it worked great . It 's not too long or too short . Perfect !
 I finally received this cable after a long week of waiting . Simply put , it 's Plug & Play . No issues at all with the cable . As for the quality of the product ? I can only say that it looks somewhat flimsy compared to the most expensive ones that you pay a fortune for on the US market . But for me , functionality is what matters , so I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to others who , like me , are trying to save a buck .
 for a couple of dollars this is what you would expect . Nothing fancy . Does what it needs to do without any problems .
 I bought this and it works great . It is much cheaper then buying one in a store for much more .
 I bought this cord to use exclusively for connecting my Xbox to my TV for a high def experience . It works great and I 'm pleased with my purchase .
 I 'm using it with my AppleTV and have n't had a problem yet . It 's working just as well as the name brand cable I had borrowed before .
 at first I was hesitant if it would actually work because of the price is so low , but it work great with my hdtv , cable box , home stereo surround sound , so I bought two more . highly recommended . no need to spend too much for cable from best buy now . although I still love to shop at best buy for more valuable electronics .
 Super good . Does the job i needed one and didnt have a whole lot o money so this was perfect
 I bought this to go with the J-Tec 1 in 2 out splitter that I ordered . It works so You cant beat the price and I did n't have to pay shipping .
 What can I say , it works perfectly as it should . Amazing clarity . Crazy cheap price . You cant ask for a better product .
 the cable works fine , i use it to link my computer to my plasma TV and works flawlesly . its strong enough to survive an accidentally pull offthe distance from both devices is the max capacity of the cable and have no problem with it .
 I love these cables they work really well ! I just paid -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this cable that works as well as the 70 dollar ones in stores!I bought 3 cables ! 1 for my tv1 for my ps3and 1 for my xbox 360 ! I recommend this cable for anyone who needs a hdmi cable!I promise u it will work really well !
 these work just as good as the expensive ones you get in the store for 5 times the price .
 Bought this cable because i needed another one . Went over to the local retail store and the cheapest i could find there was $ 30 . Checked out the prices on Amazon and ended up buying this one . It works , this is all one needs to know .
 It works nicely with PS3 and Panasonic HDTV in full HD . Not really sure if there is anything else one would/could want from a HDMI cable : -RRB-
 These cables do what they 're supposed to at a very reasonable price . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for HDMI cables for their TV .
 I have been using this cable with my PS3 and Samsung A650 48 '' LCD TV . I use PS3 extensively for gaming and blue ray movies . Picture/Sound quality is fantastic and I have seen absolutely no issues . Some reviewers had reported failures hence I had bought two in case one fails . However , I never had to use the other one so far.Besides the cable only costs ~ 2.5 $ . What more can one ask for ? I wonder who buys other more expensive cable on Amazon that costs around 20 $ . Absolutely no need !
 I was a little nervous ordering such `` cheap '' cables , but they work great . I had read all the other reviews about how you should n't waste your money on fancy HDMI cables and I figured that spending a couple bucks to see if this one would work really would n't set me back too much if I had to go buy some super expensive ones anyway , but it turns out that I got an amazing , quality HD picture from these cords on my PS3 ! I highly recommend it .
 I got this for my xbox 360 . Works just as well as any cable microsoft will try to sell you , but only a fraction of the price . No reason not to grab one .
 The HDMI cord is simply the best for the price . As long as you do n't have to worry about breaking the cord or an animal chewing it up , there 's no point in spending $ 150 + unless you can truly see the difference . I ca n't and I 'm not the type to brag about spending $ 150 on something I ca n't even see.This cord is perfect . The color is rich and crisp , the audio is perfect . I bought the cord for my Playstation 3 and both video games , personal videos I 've recorded with my HD camcorder as well as Blu-Ray movies are all sensational . For the price of the cord and the quality you get , everyone should buy it.I had one before this which worked perfect as well , I accidentally broke the metal teeth though -LRB- user error -RRB- so if I did n't do hat I would n't have had to buy another .
 If you can tell the difference between the images and sounds these cables transmit and those transmitted by more expensive cables , you 're not likely to be reading reviews of this generic item . These work well for any HDMI connection -- do n't spend more than a few dollars per cable .
 I have one going from my PS3 to my surround-sound system and one going from my surround-sound system to my HDTV . They work just fine , and I did n't have to spend very much . If I needed more , these are the ones I 'd get .
 Cheap and perfect . Two words not commonly associated with each other . Seriously , do n't waste your money on department store cables , this one has the same quality for a fraction of the price .
 Not much to see here , it 's a cable , it connects the PS3 to the monitor , it performs its job perfectly .
 I used it to connect my PS3 Slim to my LCD TV . Works well , enough said .
 I would recommend this HDMI cable to everyone . The screen is perfect , you do n't need to buy any costly HDMI cables . Just buy this cable you wo n't regret .
 This product was delivered on time and for a reasonable price . I saved a lot of money instead of going to Best Buy . There 's no point in wasting money on cables .
 I am pretty new to gaming so I was confused by the wide disparity in pricing for HDMI cables . I read online the major difference was cost . I am using this cable to connect a PS3 with an HD TV . It is working great . Even if it craps out early -LRB- I do n't know why it would -RRB- I can replace it several times for the cost of a Deluxe HDMI cable . If you need a cable , buy one of these . P.S. I am not an employee or a paid reviewer .
 These low cost cable assemblies work great . I can not believe what the local electronics stores charge for their cables . I use one to connect by BluRay player to my 52 '' 120 MHz 1080p TV , and the other connects my cable box . Absolutely flawless picture.Delivery of the produce also was very timely .
 These cable perform just as good as the Monster cables , the only difference is the warranty vs Toslink . I would purchase more if needed . Prompt delivery and delivered what was advertised , excellent product . The most important complaint that I have was for the shipping cost , way too much for 4 cables that came in the same package . I hope that in the future it will be according to the weight , I have a digital scale and shipping costs and 21.00 overcharge.MJ
 Works like a charm . I spent almost $ 4 on the same thing I 'd have had to pay $ 50 for if GameStop was the only option . But thanks to this I paid what a TV cable is really worth.One occasional problem that happens approximately once a week is that the screen and the sound go away for about 2 seconds but very very rarely . I was going to give it a 4 star because of this but it 's not as big of a deal to me . Definitely recommended ...
 If your looking for a good and cheap HDMI cable , this is the one for you . I bought this for my PS3 and works great . I would highly recomend it and do n't be fooled by the price .
 Highly recommended . I bought two of these . They work fine on my 46 '' Sony 1080P LCD . Snug fit . Since the plugs are not oversized , they fit nicely behind my low-profile wall mount . The order was delivered ahead of schedule - even during the Christmas rush .
 yes the shipping is higher than the product ... so what ... go pay retail at Circuit City or Best Buy etc. if you do n't like the shipping ... works just as good as the more expensive cables .
 Absolutely the best you can get for the price . There is no difference in quality between this one and more expensive HDMI cables .
 Works perfectly . I dont see why other cables are in the $ 50 - $ 100 dollar range . That seems preposterous . It is just cable for heaven 's sakes.This one had the correct price for me .
 These cables are a great savings compared to the big stores and work great , make sure you select HDMI cables that are category 2 full 1080 capable . Will buy these again .
 After I bought my PS3 , I was still using the RWY cables that came with the system . I definitely wanted to utilize the high definition aspect of my television for my PS3 . The video quality is vastly superior to that when using standard cables so you need these cables .
 Just to echo what everyone else here is saying , there is absolutely nothing wrong with this cable . I was a little nervous about spending so little to connect such expensive equipment -LRB- I used it to connect my new PS3 slim to a 46 '' Panasonic Plasma TV -RRB- , but my fears were put to rest as soon as I pushed the power buttons.The cable itself does n't feel as sturdy as other spendy cables I 've seen , but as long as you do n't have a cat or something that is going to chew through it , you should be fine.I 've been using this cable quite I bit in the month since I received it , and I 've had absolutely no problems.Don ' t hesitate to buy one ... or five .
 the first one they sent didnt work but they sent another one for free and it worked perfectly so 5/5
 the only difference i see between this cable and the ones at best buy is the extra cash in my wallet
 been over a year and this cable has lasted me longer than the $ 100 + Monster cables I 've had before . At this price you just ca n't beat it . Me and my PS3 are happy : -RRB-
 Such a great deal . I have an HDMI cable well over 50 dollars and when I compared it to this 3 dollar cable I could not tell the difference.It honestly stunned me because I had wasted away my money on over priced hdmi cables that did the exact same thing as a 3 dollar hdmi cable!If there is a difference , it is so minute that my eyes ca n't tell the difference.Great deal , long enough cord to get the job done.Excellent product !
 This item was received as described , brand new . It works good . I do n't see any difference in picture quality with this one and with the one I bought at Walmart for the TV . It arrived FAST too .
 Great item shipped quickly . Looks to me as good as the $ 80 cables being pushed by Bestbuy .
 I was a bit hesitant with the price , but it works fine . No problems hooking my PS3 with my TV 720p . I just want to mention for those PS3 users new to this.After hooking up the two together and changing the video profile on your PS3 , you 'll get a black screen . You maybe wondering where did the Ps3 screen go ? Why you can see anything ? Well , switch the channel to a HDMI channel . I felt like an idiot when I realized it .
 This is a great product at a very reasonable price , I have HDMI cables on all of our TVs and love the quality we get !!
 this is the 6th time ive bought this item from this vendor . always on time -LRB- sometimes faster -RRB- . always a reliable product .
 Works as I would expect . Not the most durable HDMI I 've ever purchased but is tough enough for most applications .
 I ordered this HDMI cable to stream Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles from YouTube to my flat screen TV Via my desktop for my 3 year old son . I thought the cord would be long enough but it wasnt -LRB- I need about a 4-5 footer but I think the next size up is 9 ft. -RRB- . We just got a new flat screen for our rec . room & I gave the cord to my 10 year old son for his PS3 . So I wasnt stuck with a cord I couldnt use . The cord works great , it shipped on time & in good condition .
 Works exactly as described !!! My PS3 display looks way better then it did with just standard cords . This was well worth the price and I will be buying another one for my downstairs TV
 Great HDMI cable . I 'm very happy with the performance of this cable . If you pay a lot for an HDMI cable , you 're a fool .
 Nice price , a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r
 i needed another HDMI cord so that i didnt have to keep switching the one i already had between my xbox and ps3 , so i bought this . it works perfectly , i would reccomend this to anyone looking for an HDMI cable .
 great price for having it as an add on price with other orders . i ordered 2 and they work as expected . i guess i will see how they hold up over time being used .
 We had a regular -LRB- category 1 -RRB- for our HDTV . After reading reviews for this categtory 2 HDMI cable , I decided to upgrade at a cost of less than $ 3 . What a huge difference the category 2 cable makes . Our LCD TV delivers an even better picture with the category 2 HDMI cable - the colors are brighter and the depth is more pronounced . I 'm so impressed that I ordered additional cables to give to family members . This is a must for HDTVs .
 I bought these cables because my friend got some for like $ 40.00 and it looked nice but i did n't want to spend all that money so i went on amazon and i found these for like $ 4.00 and they look they same as my friend . I would defintly buy these . why would you want to pay $ 40.00 for HD cables when you can get these for $ 4.00 and have it look excatly the same .
 What can I say , here are some basic HDMI cables . I bought two and use one for my PS3 and one for my HTPC . They do exactly what I need and were at a great price . I will probably buy two more once I upgrade to HD with DirecTV and buy a new receiver because they work that well .
 I got this cable for my ps3 . It was way better than I thought when I saw the price . My friend got one of those overpriced one . I tried his too , and guess what ... they work the same .
 I 've got two words for you . TRULY AMAZING ! When I bought this , I was a little doubtful . But you should n't have any problems with this whatsoever because the picture quality is unquestionable and so beautiful with this cable . The other day I saw this for around $ 40 in Target !
 This HDMI cord -LRB- not a game -RRB- has been working for 2-3 weeks as the connection from an Xbox game player to the big screen Plasma TV.No problems & plenty long.Came quickly in mail & well-packaged . Would recommend & would buy again .
 The cable worked perfectly . The plastic caps on the ends have a ridge around the top allowing you to easily grab and pull them off , which I thought was nice .
 Shipping was the quickest on amazon yet . Product is as explained and works very well on my tv from my blu ray player . No picture problems or cutting out . For the price you can not go wrong .
 I should have bought this cable a long time ago . There is no reason PS couldnt afford to give you one seeing as most folks have HD tvs .
 I was reluctant to buy this cable because the price is so low but took the risk anyway . It works as advertised and is a good quality cable . I 'm completely satisfied with this purchase .
 This is the first HDMI cable I 've ever bought . With all of the hubub surrounding generic cables vs. Monster or other name brand cables , I was n't going to spend more than I had to . For $ 1.70 shipped , this 6 ' HDMI cable upgraded the hi-def video output of my xbox 360 . I was using the hi-def component cables for my xbox to connect to my 1080i CRT tv . The picture always cut off about 1/2 '' on each side of the screen , no matter how I changed the settings . Once I hooked up this HDMI cable , the picture was more vibrant , with deeper darker blacks , and the screen format was corrected , and no longer cut off the sides . Hoory ! Victory at last ! My tv is a Sony 32 '' HD CRT , -LRB- weighs about 200lbs -RRB- so it 's not as big a screen as many people have , but this cable made me happy .
 This was a great product at a great price !! I would definitely reccomend this to everyone . The price of this product is ten percent of what it would be in stores .
 The cable worked great and the picture provided through HDMI is great . I would recommend this product to anyone that want 's to make their home TV a theater environment .
 I just got this cable to hook my XBox 360 up to my new 47 '' Vizio LCD . I was a little worried at first that I was n't getting what I needed , but was right on with it . TheNo HTML , Characters remaining
 I got the product on time and the product is good . This is good product and clear quality and good pictures .
 the cable is cheap but works as good as other expensive ones , it 's easily to use for connecting PC to TV
 shipping was perfect . quality is flawless . why pay inflated store prices for the same cable
 Works perfectly to connect my ps3 to a 1080p HDTV and you ca n't find a better price !!!
 I used this cable to hook up my husbands PS3 . Great quality for such a cheap price .
 this product is just as described , and saved me a huge amount of money ! its the same as all the other expensive hdmi wires . i will purchase again .
 I purchased this generic hdmi cable a few weeks ago for my son 's PS3 and not only did it arrive a few days early -LRB- before xmas -RRB- but it works Fantastic and was just under $ 7 with shipping !! I 'm so glad I did n't purchase a $ 30 cable from Bestbuy ... I would buy from Amazon , abucus24-7 again and again and again . Thanks !!!
 Does it 's job ... worth the price ... what more could you ask for !? I have had no issues what so ever with this cable while it has been hooked up to my computer , xbox 360 , or blu ray player !
 Glad I did my homework . This cable does the job and for much less than if I had purchased it in a retail store . Do n't throw your money at the retailers ! Hooked up my son 's PS3 Christmas morning for immediate enjoyment .
 This cable works just as well as the $ 70 monster cable I bought a year ago . If you need an HDMI cable to do the job this is the one plus the price is ultra fair .
 I received this item much quicker than I expected . It only took a few days . Once I got it , I connected it to my TV and xbox and got amazing quality picture . Very impressed .
 WOW ! What a deal . Do n't hesitate on this one . Great product . Why spend $ 30 or $ 40 when you can spend $ 3.50 ! I bought this for my XBox 360 . Made a huge difference . It arrived when it said it would . Plug n play . A must buy !
 Users say these do n't last long ? Here I am a year later and my cord still works perfect for my PS3 , I have n't even touched the second one yet !! Highly recommend !!!
 I got this in the mail and it was about what I thought it would be a cheap but working cable . I takes about 1 minutes to warm up when you use it then it works fine but in the first minute or so the picture will go fuzzy then perfect the fuzzy
 i got two of these a year or so ago , to go from my ps3 and hp pavilion computer to my panasonic viera plasma tv . perfect picture on both devices , no problems ever . do n't waste your money on monster cables from best buy , 1 's and 0 's travel the same way on cheap cables .
 I just could not believe how incredible this purchase was . The price will always bring me happiness . I just wished I knew of this before spending lots of money on a expensive HDMI cable at Best Buy . I felt ripped off . The difference between this one and a retail one is ... nothing ! The quality matches those of expensive cables . It 's just unbelievable ! Overall I am a happy buyer . I may just buy another one for backup , lol
 This cable works perfectly , and because it transfer digital information , there is no loss in quality . I ca n't believe some retailers , like BestBuy sell similar cables for 10 times more the price I paid for it here at Amazon ...
 The cable looks good . Hook up to my switch box & displaced full 1080p . Works great . It replaced my old HDMI cable since I upgrade to full HD .
 Needed a few HDMI cables to hook multiple things up to a TV . Cable is good quality and works perfectly fine in 1080p .
 Bought this for use with an xBox 360 on a plasma tv . After switching from the standard RWY coaxial xBox connectors to this HDMI cable , the difference was INCREDIBLE ! This cable worked perfectly , and you ca n't beat the price !
 Does it job . That 's about all I can say about this cable . It 's cheaply priced and works fine . No complaints here .
 What else can I say ? It works , and it costs way less than the 40 or 50 bucks these brick and mortor stores wan na sell one to you for .
 To an end with all of those expensive over priced hdmi cables . Because the signals are digital -LRB- no longer analog like before -RRB- these cables can be terminated metal clothes hangers for all I care . As long as the whole signal goes from one end to the other , you will get a pretty picture . I use this with my xbox to my samsung TV and it works like a charm . Recommended for anyone with a budget and doesnt care about a fancy brand name .
 just so everyone is clear . In the digital age , there is n't &#34; lossyness &#34; the difference in quality between this and the 50 , 60 . 70 . or even 300 + dollar cables you can find online is absolutely nothing . With a digital signal it is either all there or it is n't .
 I purchased these hdmi cables for my tvs and they work just as good as the 35 dollar sony I bought for my blue ray player .
 Got for ps3 amd woros for both ps3 and wii u , i would say get one for and uee for everything .
 Why pay much more when this works fineordered 2 Like it much better than the wide cable that Charter supplied , , , , ,
 I ordered 2 of these just to have extra cords around the house . It was really good for the price .
 This cable works great , I have my PS3 hooked up to a 40 inch Samsung LCD . Picture is perfect , clear and sharp !! FULL 1080p !! Big name cables are a ripoff.You 're paying for a Company name , not the cable . Buy this and save your money for games or a movie , Do n't give it to the Companies that already get enough off the overpriced -LRB- usually -RRB- products that they sell us !! BUY THIS CABLE !!!!!!!
 This cable is great , it works as good as the other expensive HDMI cables . I have a 61 '' HDTV , apple TV , PS3 and Home cinema all connected together with these cables , they work incredibly well , so far no problems at all .
 Connecting PS3 Slim and Sony TV . The cable is working just fine for about 4 months . Sometimes I got a problem of recognition from the TV that I was using a PS3 , but I do n't think it 's a problem from the cable . I think the problem is over heat on the back of the PS3 , since it 's on a back closed shelf .
 I got this close to 8 months ago . I have it connected to my PS3 . I love it . I still do n't know why people will pay alot for something they do n't have to . I love this product . I highly recommend it . It works great . For gamers or those who watch blu-ray or even dvds , it 's great quality and I have no complaints .
 This is a great purchase i use it for my PS3 and it works great and is very cheap .
 The cable was very inexpensive and shipping was very quick and product was as described .
 The cable works great and saved me a lot of money . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The HDMI cable works perfectly ! No need to spend 7-10x more unless you enjoy giving your hard-earned cash to WalMart or Best Buy .
 Cheap price works just as good as any other $ 60.00 cable out there . Highly recommended . Fast shipping . Will get more as I get more TV 's .
 Great Price . I can now play XBOX 360 in 1080p and watch my HD DVR without having to switch the cable each time .
 I bought this to hook my PS3 up to my LG LED LCD 42 '' flat screen . Works perfect and arrived quick . Would definitely order this again if I needed another one !!
 todo fino . . el cable funciona bien y por ese precio est&aacute; excelente . -LRB- no probe en 3d y me imagino q no tiene esa funcion -RRB- . recomendado
 I bought this cable to go with my PS3 and it works just fine . I have an LG 3D LED and the picture looks great in 2D and 3D . Still do n't understand why people pay more than a few bucks for a cable .
 This cable works great ! I 'm using it to connect my new 360 to my TV and it works just as expected . The cable ends do not seem like they are cheap or easily broken to me . Recommend .
 HDMI cables in a store are ridiculously over priced . You ca n't beat some nice cheap HDMI cables for just hooking up a spare cable box and old dvd player . Especially when you can add them to a larger order and get free shipping .
 I am very happy with the purchase . I can see wonderfully for movies and they work great with my XBOX 360 .
 Use this one for my playstation and it works just as well as the average hdmi cable that usually costs around $ 40
 Do n't let the price fool ya . This product worked great . It arrived quuickly and was exactly what i expected . I would buy from this seller again and i highly recomended .
 I recently bought my first Blu-ray player , and while I was checking out from Best Buy , one of the employees continually harassed me about buying a $ 60 dollar HDMI cable . Bragging about it being gold plated and High Definition . I lied and told him I already had one ready , and I 'm so glad I lied . When I came home I immediately searched on Amazon and bought 2 of these cables for less than 4 dollars ! I was n't expecting much for spending just 4 dollars , but I am completely blown away . They both work great and the Blu-ray movies have never looked better . This is being cconsumer-savvy at its finest ! If you 're looking to buy HDMI cables do n't look any further . I 'm extremely happy with everything about this purchase . The cables , the delivery time , the seller , the price . I will be using this seller again .
 just received this item and let me tell you i 'm fully satisfied with this product . walmart sells them for 30 bucks but i paid 1.67 for this . very happy right now !
 The cable works , does the trick , needed it for TV and Roku box , very inexpensive compared to local store options , fast delivery .
 Its a good product for its price . Works like a charm , did n't see anything wrong with it until now and the shipment arrived at time . I would n't expect anything more !!!
 Purchased a new TV recently and technology has really advanced in recent years . When I went to plug in our XBox 360 with the traditional yellow , white and red cable , there was no outlets for it . I purchased this cable , saved tons of money and the image is 10x better than before ... . Shipping was super fast too ...
 HDMI cables at retail stores are expensive , but to find one on amazon for less than $ 2 is an incredible deal and it worked perfectly when I connected my PS3 to my HDTV .
 So far so good , bought it for the Xbox and they work like a champ ! No complaints as of yet .
 They serve their purpose , seem of good quality and the price was excellent . They are a bargain vs what the cable companies charge .
 Best money spent ever on a HDMI cord LOL ! for two bucks you ca n't beat this price anywhere ... . you wo n't regret it ...
 HDMI cable is good lenth ... . dont need 20 feet of excess cable ! Works well ... and much cheaper then Radio Shack or Staples .
 The product was just as described and expected . The product was shipped promptly it and arrived on time without any problems .
 Works exactly like you would expect . Could n't ask for anything more for the money . I recommend this all day long to my friends and relatives who are looking for a cheap hdmi cable .
 I often stick to manufacturer recommended items to avoid getting something poorly made , but this was literally a tenth the price of the one made by Microsoft . It works fine , I would n't waste my money on the other .
 Theres no need for $ 50 hdmi 's that are gold plated or whatever ... they all work the same weather its $ 3 or $ 50 . . this one is very cheap and works exactly how it is supposed to .
 I used the HDMI for playing movies from a laptop in 720p , playing XBOX 360 , and PlayStation with no problems . I would recommended it if your looking for a inexpensive HDMI cable .
 just as good as the $ 40 + brands and way cheaper to boast . a definite must buy i cant see why not
 I have a tv with 4 hdmi spots . These were a very good price and I a very glad I bought them . I only needed 1 package but bought 2 and gazve 1 away .
 I got this to connect my PS3 to my HDTV . I did n't want to spend a ton of money on the cables and these seem to work perfectly for it .
 Connected the dvd to the tv with this cable and everything works fine . For the price it was worth it since I grouped it with other items for the free shipping .
 Works good , no complaints , does what it suppose to do . I have n't noticed a drop in quality on my tv/monitor so it 's ok
 I would honestly say this product is better than it 's competition that charges a considerable amount more . Since you still get the easy HDMI connection cable -LSB- it works with any normal HDMI port ; gaming systems such as PS3 , Xbox 360 , are compatible with these and they work fantastic.Why this product is so good is that it 's cost efficient and it includes a lengthy cord . The competition often charges a lot more for a much shorter cord and usually the cord is never long enough . This one is long enough and for cheaper price . And you may be thinking that it does not deliver true HD picture because of how cheap it is , but that 's exactly what it does . It does the same exact thing as higher priced cables and also has a lower price ... I can not think of a negative to say about this product.If you are needing an extra HDMI cable this is the one to get .
 Does exactly what I need it to do for an outstanding price . Could not find it cheaper anywhere else . Would buy again .
 The HDMI Calbe worked great and absolutely great price . Product arrived on time and since it was purchased with another product , it shipped free .
 Way better deal than the store . Works fine . I would buy them again if I needed more hdmi cables for anything .
 Great item . Performs exactly the same and some cables I spent much , much more for . Bargain price for a cable like this .
 great value ... no difference in performance between this inexpensive 6ft cable . . to big brand name cables like monster . . you never need to pay $ 30 for a 6ft cable . . i have bought 3 of these cables for my PS3 , Home Theater Personal Computer -LSB- HTPC -RSB- , and dvd player . . connected to my 32 '' Samsung HDTV . . and everything works great . .
 this far cheaper and equally good HDMI cable has been working great . No issues , no flicker , no nothing . It is built to every specification that the `` official '' HDMI cable is built to . So be smart and save some money .
 Great cable works perfectly . I use it on my desktop connected to a 40 '' lcd Proscan tv . Cant beat the price . Shipping is always fast
 Hard to find a better deal than this . Bought a couple and they both work great .
 Ive ordered a couple of these now and I have had no problems at all using them with my 360 or blu-ray player .
 The product works good for a great price . Remember there is no bad HDMI cables . Digital is digital .
 No problems from these cables best price I have seen and ca n't complain a bit . I do n't understand the questions about how much fun it is after all it 's a cable but I did n't design the site . LOL
 I use this cable between my Sony Blu-Ray player and my Toshiba 52 '' 1080p television set . Picture is perfect , no troubles what-so-ever . Why pay more ?
 Do n't be worried about this item 's low price - it is just as good as any other HDMI cable . I have mine from a PS3 to an HDTV and everything looks and sounds sharp as could be . I 'm glad I did n't pay more for some other cable !
 Works perfectly well ! No need to spend $ $ on an HDMI cable . This works exactly the same as the one that came with my Sony Blu Ray player and cost only a few dollars .
 Great seller and the cables work great . This is an excellent value as a substitute for much more expensive HDMI cables sold by the gaming companies themselves .
 Just like other reviewers this is one of the best bargains out there . I like to buy large electronics items locally -LRB- at B&M ; stores -RRB- . Especially with large screen TVs , there is tremendous pressure to get the cables `` on the spot '' along with the TV . From even the best discount retailers -LRB- Target , Walmart -RRB- , these cables are overpriced . Quite unfortunately , this has become an industry practice to make up for low margins on the TVs.In the days of `` shill '' reviews -LRB- this is my belief , I have no proof -RRB- , it is hard to trust written reviews here -LRB- even the ones that rise to the top - most useful -RRB- . However , in this case I have to agree - there are no known issues with this cable - at least in my use . Prior to buying , I did an extensive search and found Google links that showed `` expert '' comparison of cables priced very high to very low and found no difference in the quality of the output.My only gripe with my purchase - I purchased two cables -LRB- different types , one this and other a computer monitor HDMI cable -RRB- from BargainCell , but ended up paying shipping and handling -LRB- $ 3.99 X 2 -RRB- , even though they arrived in the same pouch . Maybe there was a way to combine shipping and I missed it .
 This cable works just as well as its more expensive counterparts . Picture quality actually is noticeably better than component cabling . A/V cables have to conform to a set of industry-set standards , so an off-brand cable , so long as the build quality is decent , will almost always perform just as well as a more expensive , brand name counterpart.I 'm very happy with this cable 's performance . I 'm glad I did n't blow $ 60 for the same product from Sony !
 I was sceptical in ordering these cables since they were so inexpensive . I had just bought one at Circuit City for $ 39.99 . These are just as good at a fraction of the cost . Do n't hesitate .
 Great cables at a great price !!! Communications with the seller , Bargain Cell , left a lot to be desired , but the product was a great value .
 I 've had this cable working for over a week and i 'm very happy with the results . I ca n't believe I thought about spending $ 50 for the same thing in a retail store .
 hdmi works great and the price is rightservice good and delivery on time
 Could n't ask for more . Great quality cables at a great price that works perfectly with my Audio/Video Setup : Playstation 3 -LRB- new generation 80gb -RRB- Xbox 360 -LRB- Arcade bundle with HDMI support -RRB- Toshiba Regza 1080p LCD TVToshiba HD-DVD PlayerOnkyo TX-SR606 7.1 Receiver with HDMI Pass ThroughI bought four of these cables to support my components and they work fine . Would recommend to anyone.Definitely do n't waste your money on monster cables or other over-priced digital cables , usually sold in normal stores at a 800 % markup .
 I found this cable on Amazon at such a low price that I did n't think it could possibly be any good . However , what was available at regular retail of $ 30 - $ 90 helped me to reconsider . After installation and several weeks operation , I am a believer . As with other Amazon purchases I have made , the low price is not an indicator of poor quality .
 The salesman at Fry 's told me I needed to purchase the Monster HDMI cable because I have a Sony XBR HD TV when hooking up my Sony Blu Ray . The Monster cable was $ 129.99 . I opted not to purchase it there until I researched it more . I read all the reviews for these cables and they were only $ 2.49 each so I was skeptical but I bought 2 sets anyway . Well , it works perfectly ! Got 2 sets for $ 5 instead of paying $ 130 + tax for one . What a rip off that the others are so expensive.The only issue with the ones I purchased was the shipping costs . The HDMI cable was $ 2.49 and the shipping was $ 2.99 per item , even though they arrived in the same box , you still had to pay the same shipping & handling price for ordering two of them . So I paid $ 5 for the two cables + $ 6 for shipping the two cables . Oh well , still way less than the Monster cables at Fry 's for $ 130 for one cable . Still a terrific deal .
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . I USE IT FOR MY XBOX 360 . I 'VE HAD IT FOR 3 WEEKS AND I 'M VERY HAPPY WITH THE HDMI QUALITY .
 Just what I needed and for a great price . If you Love Gospel this album is for you . Loved it .
 the cable goes only up to 1080i , 1080p does n't work , but it was cheap , so its ok
 The product works great as it says ... but with one tiny flaw . I unplugged the av cables while my 360 slim was on , and plugged in the hdmi cable . Turns out that the 360 has to restart in order for the graphics to look HD . Lost a few hours of campaign progress on ODST . Other than that , it works great . Definitely recommend this product to everyone .
 `` The 6 foot HDMI product is better than the picture provided as it included cable end caps that protect the gold ends during shipment , storage , or when not in use . Also , the quality can be readily appreciated in the well made connector ends - where the rubber meets the road sort to speak , SUPER!It works perfect like any pricier monsterous etc product out there for much , much less ! Yes , I have one of those too - ouch!Amazon , thanx for offering this on our Super free market here in America , my hat off to you ! I would like to add that May God Bless America so that she will live on 4 ever without the current push for huge govt controls which history proves do lead to Socialism - Totalitarianism and of course no free markets ... unless you consider the illegal/dangerous black markets free and dictators cool ...
 Now , I do n't think this game is tragic . In fact , I think it 's a wonderful game . One of the best games I 've ever played . The entire Goblins Quest series was nothing short of brilliantly comedic , irreverent and manicly insane -LRB- but in a good way , -RRB- and this one was probably the best of the bunch . You play as a goblin named Blount -LRB- and later a number of other characters , such as Wynowna , Wolfy , Ooya , Fulbert , Chump , Left hand , Right hand , Bizoo and so forth -RRB- who 's ship is downed by a flying rock , and as a journalist , he must escape the ship and get to the bottom of this . This leads him to fall in love with the beautiful -LRB- for a goblin -RRB- Wynowna , which in turn , leads him on a mission to bring peace between the warring monarches King Bod and Queen Xena.This game is an adventure/puzzle game , which means you play as a relatively nonviolent character whose goal is not to smash things or kill bad guys , but overcome the enemies and situations he finds himself in by using his brain to solve logic puzzles . For example , you want to pick up an onion , but every time you try , you wind up in tears , so the solution is to put on spectacles . That way , you 're protected by the onion 's harmful fumes.A hundred such crazy puzzles litter this wonderful and complex game.But the sad truth is that I doubt anyone will ever get the chance to play it again . This game was released for MS DOS , and ever since Bill Gates killed MS DOS by upgrading everyone to Windows 98 , then later XP , no one has been able to hold onto their old sound and graphics cards , without which this game presents a host of compatability problems.This game belongs to an older generation of games . One where you did n't have to go around beating stuff up all the time . Just being smart and clever and able to think of things in new ways was enough to earn you victory.If the Goblins Quest series , as well as the King 's Quest , Space Quest , Police Quest and Quest for Glory series were only re-coded to work for Windows XP , you know something ? I would buy every one , even if they each cost sixty bucks , because I 'm into that sort of thing . I only wish there was a way for this old , precious genre to be somehow revived .
 First off in response to another commenter I have to say that they 're completely wrong about not being able to play this game . Goblins 3 as well as any old DOS games can be easily played through the DOSBox emulator on both Linux and Windows -LRB- and possibly Mac too , not sure , Google it -RRB- . Using DOSBox , you can even mount CD-Roms so you can play everything like it originally was.One of the things you ca n't get anywhere else about this game on CD is it 's music . The version that came on floppies did n't have CD-quality music . I like both the music on the CD as well as the `` mod '' soundtrack but prefer the CD music . You can even listen to it like it was a normal audio CD by listening to track # 2 . This is a great game ! The puzzles are very challenging though , so you either have to randomly try different things -LRB- which kids may do more -RRB- or use your brain -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Sometimes though it 's nearly impossible or impossible to know what will happen when certain things are done , so sometimes it will be trial and error . This can make things very challenging sometimes . More often than not though , things make sense , but in such a kooky way that figuring them out can be quite difficult . Also , sometimes `` action areas '' will be very hidden , and the only way you 'll know they are there is by randomly mousing around the level until you see the words light up when you hit an area . Sometimes action areas are so bland that there 's hardly anything to suggest they are there.Due to the at times extreme nature of trial and error , as well as bland action areas that you have to find in order to complete the level , I ca n't give this game full marks . However , if you do get completely stuck , you can use a hint which will tell you how to complete that level . You only get three hints though , but of course if you run out and have to use more you can simply reinstall or something . Beating the game is such a huge challenge that anyone who beats it literally deserves a medal . This is definitely not a kids game as kids would probably get bored of it due to not being able to figure out what to do .
 Terrific funMight be too difficult for the beginner however!Remember
 This is a truly great game ; difficult , but still amazing . Walkthroughs can be found online . Pity Infocom went under before they finished the second one !
 like the last reviewer said , you can play this for free at the BBC 's web site . -LRB- now with pictures -- the original was text-only ! -RRB- It 's a great game but VERY hard . I 've still never gotten past the Babel Fish vending machine . I 'm sure there are guides to be found online though .
 A friend of mine had a copy of this , back when floppy disks were big ... I remember it stuck very close to the books ; well , the first three at least ... I found a place on the ` net where you can play the game , but I 've forgotten how you keep from getting killed by the brick in the first scene!Sean
 A/C Adaptor saved me money that I used for paying for batteries .
 This is a fantasy role playing game based on the `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy by J.R.R. Tolkien . This game covers the first novel in the trilogy . Although the game follows the book , it also adds plenty of its own elements . Your quest is to carry the one ring to Mordor , and destroy it , thus saving Middle Earth from destruction .
 I loaded the VP2 disc and I have to tell you it 's just like a pool hall without the smoke ! If you 're into pool at all , this game is for you . I do n't recommend it for laptops that use mousepads , as the triggering of the cue stick involves a sweeping motion that , with a mouse is cool , but with your finger can be aggravating . I 've tried it on both -LRB- who would n't want to take a pool table to work with them ? -RRB- It 's smooth and has a ton of virtual players and dozens of game options . The learning videos are well-done , and it 's slightly addictive.There could have been more information to show you how to work the controls -LRB- no manual ?! -RRB- , but after a game or two , I was good to go . Could have done with a couple more backgrounds as well , though the ones there are serviceable . For general game players , I give it 4 stars out of 5 . For pool players , 5 out of 5 .
 This game is a must for those who want to learn how to play pool better . With styles from free pool , to 8 and 9 ball , and instructional video 's , it has a lot to offer everyone interested in pool . The game developers did a real good job at making the games physics as real as possible.I personally love this game , and my wife likes it even more than I do .
 Some say that this game focuses too much on blasting baddies with big guns to be a great game when it come to puzzles and thinking . They 're wrong . At least 4 or 5 time in a level , a hidden key will be required , a secret passage will need to be discovered , and you 're going to even have to have a strategy for attacking the aliens ! Controlling was downright fun . Moving around was very smooth , and so was jumping , falling , and even flying -LRB- with jetpack -RRB- . Graphics were awesome . From the twelve story buildings , to the aliens -LRB- and the guns -RRB- , right down to your infra-green sniper vision -LRB- and the zooming feature -RRB- . There were many puzzles , riddles and scavenger hunts for items , and , needless to say , there were big guns , big explosions , and really nasty aliens . ***** if you ask me , because of the well-rounded gameplay .
 i love this alien killing game . like every game they got there easy then there harder areas . from 1 to 10 a 10 i will say a great n64 . you may not be able to tell what he is standing on well that is the aliens he killed .
 This is a child version of Duke Nukem 3D . It has obvious censoring when compared to pc , saturn , and psx versions . But it is n't bad censoring , it 's censoring that 's plausible . This game has better levels and weapons in my opinion . The controls are hard to get used to though . Overall , This game is my favorite game on the N64 , my favorite console port of DN3D , and a Fantastic game on the N64 .
 Ever since this was released i ' v heard non-stop complaints about this game from PC owners about the N64 port . Yes , it has some censorship -LRB- The Strippers do n't strip -RRB- . Maybe the graphics were n't as good ? But for many of us , this was our only option of playing this game . Not everyone had PC 's capable of playing games like Duke 3-D back in the late 90 's , so this was our best option . And Hot Damn ! I got my money 's worth out of this game ! Not only is the single player tons of fun and have so much replay value . But the multi-player as well . Endless hours of death match w/my friends & I . It seems like -LRB- especially in the 90 's -RRB- that PC gamers would get mad anytime a port of `` their '' games made it to the consoles . `` The graphics are n't good enough , the sound sucks , the gameplay engine is broken '' ect ect . Duke , Doom , Myst , Quake ... I heard it a million times . But IMO opinion , the ports were a way for the rest of us to experience these games . And I was glad to have em ' !
 I remember getting this game and being blown away ! The aliens , the gore , the raunchy bad @ $ $ hero Duke Nukem ... AWESOME!Ofcourse now we have Call of Duty , Battlefield , Dead Space , etc. . . But if you are wanting a vintage gem pick up this game ! I stayed up countless nights with friends playing through the game in co-op mode and facing off with each other in team death match . Solo player itself was quite challenging , and still is . I have always felt this game sort of set the stage for FPS along with Perfect Dark and Golden Eye.Bad points
 Duke Nukem 64 is a very well made game , despite the fact that some people only know it for its controversial material -LSB- most of it removed for the N64 version -RSB- and its cheesy one-liners . It turns out that this game is much more than that.PROS + Thirty challenging levels , and they are n't short either . We 're talking ten or more minutes on each for the first run . + Secrets are abundant and it will take ages to find them all by yourself . + `` Duke '' as a character is great , adding humor to the game with his one-liners . + A well put together co-op mode and a deathmatch mode with working bots . + Four levels of difficulty , even for the deathmatch mode . + A great control scheme for the N64 controller , with added control schemes to have you pick from.CONS - Hiccups in frame rate occur when several explosions appear on the screen . - The only music in the game is the title music . - No ability to save in the middle of the game , you have to save at the beginning of a level.All in all , this game is worth it . If you are looking for some challenging , retro gaming action this is a must-have for your collection .
 ok first off i would like to add duke 3d is mutch better . but their are alot of improvements over this first off the grabbing theme is mutch better but all in game music is.Gone so any track 's that we'er in the pc verson are gone and dukes 1 liners are censored however their are some good things . one his pistol looks much cooler wit h a laser sighting addded . the last boss moveing in 3d but these are just small up gradeing . i say download ed its free and you can buy duke 3d and have a ball plus when you get good with pc you can all so join multiplayer games over it .
 This is one of the best shoot 'em ups on the 64 . This game is pretty much the same as the PC version , but with more levels , extended levels / or added bits and peices , and a few new toys.It pretty much feels just like the PC version but it 's a little darker on the graphics . You will have to run trough the game control settings to find the right feel for you if you 're like me and where used to using the keyboard.Most of the cool stuff is still there from the PC game . There is the same sayings , some new ones , same levels etc. . whats missing is the adult content the PC had packed into it . So some things are different like , there is no strippers dancing around , and you ca n't go up and press OPEN to throw them money , and the posters are different etc. . . infact the second levels strip club has been completly re decorated into an out-door loading dock with trucks . Thats a bit of a disapointment that that stuff was replaced to tone it down.There is some new toys to play with , but overall , there isnt enough weaopens . There is a hand gun , shot gun , machine gun , plasma shooter , grenade thrower , shrinkin ray , enlarging ray -LRB- new weopen ! enlrage youre enemy till the explode ! -RRB- and a few other ones . But compared to something like Goldeneye , there feels like harldy any guns to choose from.I used to love to use cheats on the PC version , and with this 64 version , there are a couple of cheats , but there 's none to walk through walls which I do miss . -LRB- ... -RRB- it 's pretty hard to stay alive , so turn the god mode on and enjoy it .
 This game is the best ! 4 people OR 4 DukeBots -LRB- computer controlled multiplayer opponents , hella cool -RRB- to challenge in multiplayer , each higher difficulty meaning more bodies flying in the air -LRB- you can have ppl and dukebots play at the same time -RRB- , 2 player co-op , and one heck of a single player experiance . Who would n't want to save babes while bustin in a movie theater shooting alien scum all over the place ? Pig cop with a shotgun ? Introduce him , to your grenade launcher , BattleLord giving you a hard time ??? throw him a pipe bomb party ! Your options of fighting opponents are endless with dukes arsenal of guns ranging from shotguns , sub machine guns , grenade launchers , missle launchers all the way to trip mines -LRB- great in multiplayer -RRB- , and shrink guns which allows you to shrink your opponents and crush like a bug with your 15 size boot . The guns are the best yet in an fps . The gameplay is hot as well , your environment is your playground , use toilets , blow up toilets , bust open a movie screen in the theatres , discover cool secrets by blowing open walls , PLAY POOL , the list goes on . Bust open aliens as you make your way saving babes , searching for key cards , finding hot new weapons , and having one helluva time . Do you have what it takes to save earth from aliens , can duke save his babes before aliens use them for mass production -LRB- weird , I know -RRB- , always bet on Duke . Are you bored of my review and eager to get this game ??? STOP READING THE THING AND GET DUKE NUKEM 64 !!
 its a awsome game . i like it when nukem kicks the cycloidemperors eye out !
 This IS the funnest game I have ever played . If your looking for a game with good graphics , this is n't for you , though . But if your down with old school hardcore action then you need to buy this !
 I think this the best N64 game nintendo has to offer , it not only has great gameplay , but graphics , guns , levels , and enimies.Levels were challenging -LRB- not if you had cheats -RRB- and Co-op mode was very helpful . Multipayeris probaly the best thing in the game becuase if you are an only child you can go against drones , which is fun when you have 2 people playing and 2 drones , you do n't know who is who you just have to blast 'em !
 If you are a huge fan of the Doom games , then you will love this . Its Doom , with more of a humorous side .
 The PC version is still my favorite because you can change everything , but unlike what some people say , I think this has realy great graphics . A while ago I gave the Saturn version a bad review , but I admit it had the best shading effects , they looked like an early version Red Faction 's shading . The shading on Duke 64 is just like the computer version 's , not bad looking , but the Saturn 's was better . But on the other hand , that 's why the Saturn version was -LSB- bad -RSB- , to do the cool shading , they had to make a new engine , and the levels got messed up , Duke always looked like he was crouching , and all the neat effects were gone . The PlayStation version -LRB- PS not PSX , the PSX is a deluxe PS2 . There are no PSX games , and no PS1 games -RRB- was almost identical to the PC version , and looks cool with `` smooth texture mapping '' on the PS2 , but the framerate was choppy , and the graphics were fuzzy . I own the PS , PC , N64 , and Saturn versions , and played them enough to know every variation , and this is the most evenly balanced version I 've seen . The only version that will ever top this is if they convert the origional to open GL . Some hated the fact that the nudity is gone , but what is the point , most people probably own Duke Atomic fo PC or Mac already . And it does n't take anything from the game . In fact the removal of nudity , strong language -LRB- explicit language -RRB- and religion adds a lot of surprises -LRB- enemies in different places , new areas -RRB- . I 'm not sayin i did n't like Duke Atomic , but i already have it , this is the most different version . My favorit thing is the more realistic set up of the levels -LRB- you see buildings instead of a dumb texture -RRB- , and the new guns . One thing though , did they mean to -LSB- take -RSB- dual the sub-machine guns and grenade launcher from Shadow Warrior ? They do n't look the same , and are a lot cooler , but it seems odd . I love the Plasma Cannon , although it 's a -LSB- copy -RSB- of the Tesla Cannon from the first person shooter `` Blood '' -LRB- I recommend Blood if you like Duke , realy bloody , shoot someone , blood slats everywhere and leaves little pools -RRB- But its still realy cool . It is so good i bought a 64 . But back to Duke , the textures are not bad lookin , in fact good lookin -LRB- same as PC version -RRB- . And the sprites look good , early 3D like in Quake was ugly . Sprites allow you to make more detail -LRB- compare Mortal Kombat 2 to MK4 -RRB- , and the animation is n't choppy . -LRB- keep in mind my 1st system was the NES and I have respect for older games -RRB- To put it another way , Buy this , and buy Duke Atomic for PC or Mac , or buy every version , like i did.Some people say Duke 's vioce was altered , but I do n't think it was , it just sounds re-recorded . I just ca n't get enough Duke , and Forever is taking FOREVER ! It 's time to kick -LSB- butt -RSB- and chew bubble gum , and I 'm all outta gum!By the way , that saying is still in Duke 64 un-edited .
 Duke Nukem 64 is n't a bad game . In fact , it could be one of the best on N64 . I do n't know . I havent played much shooters on N64 . But , I do own this and chaotic DM with 2 freinds and a bot could n't get better . Quake 64 and Doom 64 ca n't offer this much fun . THis is essentially a port of the pc game , but with new levels and add-ons to existing levels . I recomend this game .
 the best shooter ever - blowing up duke bots with grenadesis too fun .
 When I rented this game , I got bored with the 1 player pretty fast . My annoying little brother kept insisting on playing , so we began to play 2 player , and the fun began . I loved how you could beat the game in 2 player mode , which is a nice touch that Goldeneye did n't have . We raced through the games puzzles pretty quickly working together . Thats why I must say that this is the best multiplayer game I have ever had .
 I remember the glory days with this game ... It brought my N64 back to life other than WWF No Mercy and Wrestlemania 2000 .
 I havent played this game since i was like 10 . I just recently lost it and felt like playing it again . Normally i wouldnt buy anything that wasnt new . The `` Like New '' one i got came in perfect condition . Man just playing co-op with my bro again and remember all the secrets in the levels is awesome . actually brought a tear to my eye . Now if only i cna get my hands on a dreamcast and powerstone .
 Do n't let your friends brag about their expensive Wii game system when you can turn your webcam into fun ! Works with iUSBcam not just the iSight firewire cameras . The games are energetically fun as you wave your arms like you are flying . One note
 Woot ... Woot ... the loot . I mean ... when I first played this back in '95 I was like ... what the heck . I was just in these parts of the wood . It was n't until a month ago that I actually beat the game . If we had FAQs/Gamefaqs . com back then in 1983 this game seemed to peak the Video game crash . This game is not only beatable in 15 min but has different settings and several Easter Eggs . Without a manual this game is doomed . I really enjoyed the simplicity . I enjoyed the different level settings . If you set it to level 3 there were no scientist and detectives to haul you off to jail . If you collected 7 pieces of reeses pieces -LRB- you know ... the black dots on the screen -RRB- and did things in a certain order then when you touched the flower it would turn into a YAR from Yars revenge and fly away . If you beat the game then played again , the flower would turn in to Indiana Jones -LRB- from the 2600 game -RRB- . This game does make sense and it can be beat and it keeps score . Not too many Atari games can be beat .
 As Atari 2600 games go I think this game is fun and challenging . Many Atari 2600 games are too easy and dull , and I get tired of playing them after only a few minutes . I can spend a long while being entertained when playing this game . I also think E.T. has good graphics and sound for an Atari 2600 game .
 this has got to be one of the worst games ever . A must have for collectors . with all the copies made it is actually difficult to come by these days . I have played this game for quite a while and it seems to have no goal or ending . it is amazing that they ever made this game . the right to E.T at the time were 25 mil . and the game bombed , so it almost ruined Atari .
 This is as good as gaming gets . There is a reason why this game consistently tops `` The Best Video Games of All Time '' lists
 I had a little trouble installing it in the beginning , but it worked itself out and the game plays great ! Thanks !
 in the game your in the town center battling against twisted and deformed monsters but all gos wrong when you have the forces after you to . equipped with a gun in your hand and the monster with in what can go wrong .
 I ordered this for the computer because i dont have an xbox or ps2 anymore and i obviosly have a computer , lol . . anyway , i didnt get my PC version yet but when this game came out , i could not stop playing it , i beat it many many times and , even tho i forgot most of the game because i was young when it came out , i still know that this game is pretty scary . i still have nightmares from time-to-time about those legless cops with the flashlight in their head . -LRB- i forgot what they are called -RRB- but this game is worth the price . that is , if youre looking for a scary , good fps , action packed , suspensful , awesome , good quality PC game . . : -RRB-
 I really enjoyed the first Suffering game and was happy anough to pick up the sequel.Like films , the sequel is n't as good as the original but Ties That Bind is just as great as the first!I 've always been a big fan of 3rd person shooters -LRB- Max Payne and Tomb Raider games -RRB- and these two fall into my favorite.It 's as graphic , intense and violent as any survival horror game should be ; plus you can play it in first person mode as well.It 's very well designed in terms of the vulgar creatures , Baltimore looks like the pit of hell and the character movements looks terrific.The voice acting is great -LRB- Rachael Griffiths , MC Duncan -RRB- and the story is `` fleshed '' out . Although the `` twist '' at the end was n't much of a surprise though.Great arsenal of weaponry . The only problem I had with the thrown weapons was -LRB- like most games -RRB- that Torque would always throw with his right
 I 've played the ever-lovin ' crap out of this game . Although I have to admit , I kind of liked the first one a bit better , I 've had all kinds of fun with this one . Admittingly , both `` The Suffering '' and `` Ties that Bind '' were kind of repetative , they still offered a decent romp through monster-infested landscapes.Torque 's inner torment , and how you play him tell the story . Admittingly , it can get pretty cloying if you play it as Mr. Nice Guy , but the ending is a bit better!Honestly , I always enjoy Dr. KillJoy , but he felt a little tacked on in this one . Maybe more there for the players of the original , but none-the-less , I enjoyed this game !
 A very fun horror-based shooter at a * very * reasonable price -LRB- and this is not a budget game title in the least -- it 's very Half Life 2 in its graphics -RRB- . `` The Suffering '' also runs great on my four year old Pentium -LRB- 2GHz , 500Meg RAM -RRB- even with graphics on HIGH . So ; if you liked Clive Barker 's Undying or the first `` The Suffering '' , then you will most assuredly also enjoy this title tremendously .
 only buy this if you had the same computer for 8 years you need to have a non-updated 2005 computer so you can update your computer so i suggest buying a 2005 computer or buy a time machine if you choose none of the above buy a ps2 and get it for ps2 -LRB- most gamestops dont carry original xbox games -RRB-
 Review Edit # 4 -LRB- March 4 , 2008 -RRB- ! -LRB- A final addendum for edit # 4
 game is real good and is being used in a game arcade in my home . the game was sent in a short period of time and works good
 I think this compilation is better than MAT 2 & 3 on consoles on mat2 they left out Mortal Kombat 1 on console versions but the PC version have this game .
 As a big fan of many of the coin-op classics in this collection , I could n't resist picking up a copy of Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe . Many of the other reviewers who have reviewed this prouduct failed to mention that the games contained in this collection are near 100 % coin-op authentic . Given that it 's such a big selling point for nostalgic arcade fans , that 's a fairly significant omission . It is worth noting that most console versions of these coin-op legends were in many ways inferior ; often only vaguely resembling their coin-op parents . Consequently , many arcade fans were gravely disappointed in their console conversions . This often translated into mediocre console sales on games that made millions in arcades . Also noteworthy is that while most of these games are emulatable on MAME , and other emulators , many people feel that videogame emulation is the exclusive domain of advanced computer users because there can sometimes be a steep learning curve , prohibitive levels of complexity , and certain pre-requisites to surmount before you ever achieve any success . Aside from the questionable legalities -LRB- which by it 's self is enough to dissuade allot of people -RRB- , sixth and seventh generation console emulators like PCSX2 -LRB- PS2 -RRB- , and Dolphin -LRB- Gamecube and Wii -RRB- can demand a high end gaming computer to achieve satisfactory results . Without a minimum of an entry level gaming computer , achieving optimal results can demand additional peripherals allot of people are n't willing to purchase ; like a fast video card , PC gamepad , or console gamepad converter . Emulation can also demand patience , determination , willingness to forgive , and troubleshoot glitches in the emulation , and in-depth computer knowledge many newbies , and computer novices lack . The lack of any one of these elements can make emulation impractical , or impossible . Most folks simply want to be able to stick a disc in their computer and play their game . They do n't want to download and configure an emulator they feel you may need an enthusiast 's computer to run at acceptable speeds , or a degree in computer science to setup and operate . Nor do they want to have to purchase additional peripherals , worry about the questionable legalities of downloading a BIOS or game , or deal with the hassles of downloading a game ROM/ISO from the torrent networks that could be rife with viruses and trojans , and take several hours , or even days to complete . Perhaps most dissuading of all can be that on any emulator except MAME , you 're not getting the arcade game you so fondly remember ; however enhanced it may be , you 're still simply emulating the same tired , watered down console VERSION of that game that was such a disappointment to begin with . This can all lead the uninitiated to question the worthiness of emulation all together unless you 're lucky enough to have a mentor . Thus , for many people , emulation is not always a viable option . Because of this , I believe arcade fans who were so disappointed with console versions of these games is the niche group this collection targets . ` Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe ' for PC is essentially Arcade Treasures 2 and 3 bundled together . But given it 's launch as a value title , it 's not a bad deal . There were unfortunately , some significant bugs in the retail release which Midway has issued bug patches for . As previous reviewers have noted , the patches did not clear up all the issues , and four of the games still have some unsquashed bugs -LRB- an announcer 's line is missing from Hydro Thunder , some shadows do n't display correctly in MK2 , and has some misplaced sound effects , random select does n't work in MK3 , and San Francisco Rush
 first of all , yes there is no background music on this comp , but my only guess is maybe they are trying to make it look like your in the an actual arcade joint -LRB- a place where there are arcades and I added two words which do n't go together very often . -RRB- , in which you can hear other arcade game sounds from other machines and maybe they did n't add music to these games because of that , and quite frankly , those arcade places can get noisy so maybe you ca n't always hear sound effects . One great thing is that they added MK1 to this collection -LRB- finally -RRB- . It was supposed to be with Midway Arcade Treasures 2 , but got removed so it can be on the collector 's edition of MK Deception on PS2 and Xbox . not a smart move as that created an angry fanbase . I bought this for 10 bucks , and I mainly got it for The MK games . One thing I should add is that you should have a USB controller pad for this as a keyboard can be difficult to control . also make sure that the controller has a D-pad that can go 8 ways but on the controller itself shows the 4 way direction . for instance , playing this on my Logitech Dual Action Controller -LRB- a great controller for PC gamers alike but not for this specific game . -RRB- , it 's D pad has 8 ways so it 's hard to perform a fatality when you might accidently jump instead of hitting that specific direction . the games play perfectly on my computer and it has only small requirements -LRB- like 1.4 GHz speed and a video card and all of that computer junk -RRB- . do n't let non existant background music make you ignore this game . it 's recommended for any old school arcade player out there .
 This game has over 25 characters -LRB- 27 -RRB- and has 60 + missions . its fun using the mic and touch screens for characters specials.i always use nejis byakugan attack ! the missions could get frustating though . other than that this game is awesome !
 This game has no direct storyline but focuses instead on missions . Some missions can get frustratingly difficult , while others are surprisingly easy . You start the game with only D-rank -LRB- or easy -RRB- missions and after completing all of them move on to C , B , A , and S rank missions.The array of jutsu and use of the stylus in this area is very impressive . One of the most fun parts of the game is deploying various jutsu such as Neji 's byakugan and Sasuke 's pheonix flower jutsu.The list of characters is also varied , so any Naruto fan can play their favorite character , etc. . The characters each have different qualities . For example , Rock Lee is faster then , say , Sakura . This gives a more realistic quality to the game . The graphics are not in 3-D , but are quite good all the same . The audio is ok , and sound effects are fine.The one larger downside of the game is its length . I finished it in around six or seven hours , which is quite short . Despite this , even after beating it , I find the game quite fun all the same . You can replay levels with different characters and change the difficulty level -LRB- easy , normal , and hard -RRB- to change various levels as well.Overall , any Naruto fan or newbie to the whole series , would find this game worth while .
 This is a great game . I 'm only up to the B rank missions right now but the jist of the game is this
 I 'm a big Naruto fan , so I bought this when it was on sale . If you are n't a fan , do n't bother . If you are a fan , pick it up when it hits the $ 10-15 range.The combat is pretty simple and gets old . The fun comes from collecting and playing as such a large group of characters . If you 're favorite is missing ... than your favorite is either too new or too obscure ; -RRB- In my opinion , the best Naruto game to be released in the US so far has been Ultimate Ninja 3 on the PS2 . I think it has more playable characters than any other , and a really strong and varied fighting system . It 's a lot of fun to play .
 Okay , first of all , this has no storyline . It 's all about ranking up . You start off as a low-ranking ninja doing easy D-ranked missions and end as a Jonin doing S-Rank missions . If you do n't mind that , then this game is pretty good . As another reviewer said , I like how each character has their own qualities . Lee is faster than Choji , and I believe other characters can jump higher than others -LRB- say , Kakashi and Naruto -RRB- . The downside is it 's fairly short , it only took me a total of 11 hours to beat it as it is pretty easy if you play it on the normal level , and I found only two of the missions really challenging -LRB- Defend the Bridge and 100-Man Spar -RRB- . I think you can play it over again though to unlock some wallpaper or something . The graphics are okay , it 's not all 3D and flashy or anything but it 'll do.Overall , I 'd say it 's a great game , perfect for when you 're bored or you just want to kick some butt as your favorite Naruto character .
 Kids loved this game . Kept playing it to the end . Challenging for A and B rank missions . Alot of fun . Pick any character to play with and any moves .
 great game only downfall is unlike nija council 2 you dont get to battle with everbody on the game !
 While Shin Megami Tensei Devil Summoner
 After enjoying Nocturne immensely I was warned off of the sequel Digital Devil Saga . After playing through Devil Summoner I 'm beginning to suspect that this advice was faulty and that I need to find a copy of Digital Devil Saga . This is a very nicely done game that mixes Japanese culture and history with a series of mounting challenges and a complex battle system that involves everything from sword work to demon summoning . Plenty of entertainment to be had.Raidou Kuzonoha is a high school student with a few interesting hobbies . He is the 14th in a line of Summoners whose duty is to guard the capital from the intrusion of various demonic forces . Adept at a variety of weapons as well as magic he is a dangerous foe . Raidou 's other avocation is as a part-time detective working out of Shouhei Narumi 's agency . Every time they investigate that find new clues that real trouble is brewing in Tokyo -- demon trouble.This is a very nicely done game graphically , with the balanced illustration style that marks many of Atlus ' games . This is n't a huge world , so the illustration must keep the play from growing too tired of the scenery . Devil Summoner does this admirably . In addition , animation is solid and believable.Battle is pretty straightforward , a bit mindless , but easy to work . I 'm not one for 16 button combinations , so the free-for-all hack and slash mode suits me fine . And when it looks like you might be in trouble do n't hesitate to summon a devil to even up the odds . You create devils by combining the trapped spirits of demons you have defeated . I have no idea if I managed to create all the necessary devils , but I created a lot of them . Enough to establish different style of play as needed.While Devil Summoner falls a bit short in an arena dotted by games like Final Fantasy , it is by no means a failure . Hours of entertainment await , and the game should replay well several times .
 I purchased this gift for a family member . She playes lots of different types of video games . She has more than one of the Shin Megami Tensei games and enjoys them all . It is not as good as the Persona series , but still a worthwhile purchase .
 This is a great game , full of nicely done enviroments . The only missing thing are the voices , but overall this game lives up to the name of shin megami . You might want to try it if you liked games like persona 3 and 4 , even when the game play is slightly different it is fun .
 While one of the older Shin Megami Tensei games it is still fun to this day . Gameplay is fun and enjoyable . The fusion system is here in this game and is terrific . You feel quite a bit of joy when you find that you will soon be fusing two into a certain demon that you have seen in the game and know to be strong . That is bosses.The game offers tactical gameplay in the form of elements . Each demon essentially has a weakness to an element and you have different bullets for you gun which you can shoot till you find the certain one . But wait some are immune to your bullets and thus you have to have the a demon which has that element with you . All demons can be registered and resummoned after fusing or discarding at a price . Then you have the demons abilities as well . Ranging from sneak which I needed to go back and get a demon that had this to get into a small area , to fly . They are used appropriatly and not as a gimmic as in other games.The characters are fun and the game will easily run for hours and hours and not get boring . Characters are identafiable and their mottives reasonable . From the evil general to the main character to the Uncle of the girl you will meet on a bridge at the very begining . The game does this aspect well.Now you have gameplay the bread and butter of games . The game has it here as well . From the Real Time battles to the investigating to well everything . The game does it well and with quality that still holds up today . Which is called doing it right . I would definitly recommend this game to anyone . It is and will be a great game .
 This is a great game with great gameplay . Shin Megami Tensei
 Christmas this year was a Shin Magami year ... Each item that was ordered for my son was exactly what was stated on the item when ordered ... Came intacked ... Short turn around ...
 story keeps you on the edgeyou feel your actually fighting due to actual combatand if you like mysteries this game might interest you too
 Great game . Not your standard rpg . High level of difficulty and strategy but lots of fun .
 I recived this game only 4 days after ordering it , giving me just enough time to beat my other game . Sadley , did not come in the original case , but was in PERFECT condition , and very fun .
 Good sellection of items , good price , good quality , even bought a few more for some friends who liked them , and were as cool as i am on the price
 I bought dance factory bundle two days ago and my daughter -LRB- 10 -RRB- and I have played it for hours at a time . I am about to buy a second dance mat so that we can play at the same time . The game has creatures that you can create and dance with . You earn money with each song and can purchase extras for you creatures . We have used many of our own CDs and the game works great with them . The game makes up dance moves to each song on the CD or just the song of your choice . It does n't take long , but if you hate to wait there is a video game called Cubric that you can play while you wait . The instructions say that burned CDs do not work as well as orginals , but we did not have any problems with burned CDs . I have read a lot of reviews that talk about the dance mat wearing out after a few days of play , but so far so good with the mat that came with the game . We have tile floors and the mat says in place quite well.I would buy this game for anyone who likes both dance and video games . I plan to use the fitness mode to help keep in shape . At the end of the game this mode tells you fitness-related statistics . There are several other modes to this game as well . Solo & Multiplayer modes are
 This is so much fun . The teens were playing it so I had to try . I 'm over 60 and let me tell you I wish we had bought one sooner . It 's a good workout to . The football players were here playing . It 's good for co-ordination also .
 I bought this to replace the one I wore out from exercising with it ! Some reviewers have compared it to the `` real '' ddr games , and I know it has some differences . The reason it 's PERFECT for me is that I can choose my own song lists and create my own dances -LRB- if I want to -RRB- . I have some hard cd 's for the days I 'm feeling pumped , and I have created some easy dance days for times I just need to convince myself to do it . The music is of my own choosing , which means it 's so much more fun to listen to.As for the mat , if you use this regularly , do yourself a favor and buy one of the hard , professional mats . It is more stable and will last forever !
 If you 're not an old-school Atari addict , you wo n't be entertained with this release from Activision . If you do love all things Atari , then this release will bring back some much loved 2600 memories.Onto the list of games packed into this release :1 . Atlantis2 . Barnstorming3 . Beamrider4 . Boxing5 . Bridge6 . Checkers7 . Chopper Command8 . Cosmic Commuter9 . Crackpots10 . Decathlon11 . Demon Attack12 . Dolphin13 . Dragster14 . Enduro15 . Fishing Derby16 . Freeway17 . Frostbite18 . Grand Prix19 . H.E.R.O. 20 . Ice Hockey21 . Kabobber22 . Kaboom ! 23 . Keystone Kapers24 . Laser Blast25 . Moonsweeper26 . Megamania27 . Oink ! 28 . Pitfall ! 29 . Pitfall 230 . Plaque Attack31 . Pressure Cooker32 . Private Eye33 . River Raid34 . River Raid 235 . Robot Tank36 . Seaquest37 . Skiing38 . Sky Jinks39 . Space Shuttle40 . Spider Fighter41 . Stampede42 . Starmaster43 . Tennis44 . ThwockerThe 80 's soundtrack has some classic hits as well , but is limited to only twelve songs :1 . `` We 're Not Gon na Take It '' - Twisted Sister2 . `` It 's My Life '' - Talk Talk3 . `` Mexican Radio '' - Wall of Voodoo4 . `` Tainted Love '' - Soft Cell5 . `` Walking in L.A. '' - Missing Persons6 . `` The Tide is High '' - Blondie7 . `` Always Something There to Remind Me '' - Naked Eyes8 . `` Pulling Mussels -LRB- From A Shell -RRB- '' - Squeeze9 . `` Take On Me '' - A-Ha10 . `` Harden My Heart '' - Quarterflash11 . `` No More Words '' - Berlin12 . `` Safety Dance '' - Men Without HatsPlaque Attack and We 're Not Gon na Take is my favorite combination so far ...
 This is yet another version of the Activision collection of games originally designed for the Atari 2600 Video Computer System back in the early 1980s . Like those versions , this serves as a nice museum piece to showcase these old games , featuring advertising and art for manuals , boxes and patches . Like the Playstation 2 version , about an album 's worth of pop music from the era -LRB- optionally -RRB- plays in the background while you play , as if you had a boombox by your television set -LRB- as the interface implies you would -RRB- . Activision 's games had a well-deserved reputation for : - Originality
 The big blocky graphics , the very simple mono sound , yes it 's back to the Atari 2600 era once again with this awesome little game for the PSP !!! Activision Hits Remixed is a great way to play these highly addictive games on your tiny PSP !!! Yes the graphics are just as the were in the early 80 's !!! But the 80 's soundtrack that plays in the background is also cool , it can also be toggled off if you do n't want the music dancing in your head as you play such `` classics '' as Pitfall 1 and 2 , Laser Mission , Stampede , Barnstorming , River Raid 1 and 2 , Ice Hockey , Dolphin , Oink , and the list goes on and on , these are 40 games on this tiny little PSP disc , a lot more compact than having stacks of old 2600 games that take a lot of space , this little gem can fit in the palm of your hand and is housed in a PSP case smaller than a traditional DVD case !!! This great game also includes unlockable content -LRB- like TV commercials and patches -RRB- that that is unlocked once you achieve certain goals for certain games , not every game has unlockable content , but many of them do !!! Recommended for fans of these great classics from the video game `` Stone Age '' !!! But hey , there still fun , simple and challenging !!! Two very tired PSP thumbs up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 I originally purchased this mainly for Pitfall and Pitfall 2 . With Seaquest and River Raid as part of this package , as well as many more , I forgot how much fun the old Atari classics are . I 'm in my mid 40 's and I love love playing this as much as some of the new releases for the PSP . A lot of fun for all you Atari fans .
 I have this game for the PS2 and I chose to get it for the PSP because there are times ... when you just NEED a little retro .
 I 'm old school - so I could n't pass on the opportunity to play a few games from the 80 's . Unfortunately , there are only a handful of games that I actually play , but they are playable and replayable for hours at a time !
 my son brought this for his psp and he plays it for hours on end
 I recently ordered and recieved this product , it was relativly easy to install , it did take about 15 minutes to a half hour , I took my time trying not to break anything important . On the bottom of your x-box , under the rubber pads theres 4 screws -LRB- which need a special hex screw driver -RRB- and also under 2 stickers theres another 2 screws , after you get those off the top just comes off . Next was the cd-drive cover , on that I used a flat screw driver and lightly pried on the bottom -LRB- theres 2 tabs that it hold on -RRB- and that popped off and just replaced with the new one . Finally came the front face place , this took abit longer . On the bottom of the face plate there 's 3 tabs that hold it inplace , also to remove on either side there are plastic clips that look like the letter V , take a flat screw driver again and compress the V and pop it loose and hold it in place -LRB- loose -RRB- and move along the bottom and pop out the other clips , and just repeat the on the other side for the V clip . IMPORTANT !! Once you get the face plate loose , DONT PULL IT OFF FAST , there 's a little circiut board and wiring on there for the power/eject buttons . Theres another little clip on there that holds that on , once you get that off -LRB- the circuit board -RRB- just replace on the new face plate and reassemble in the opposite order of removal.Overall , this is a really good product , it looks really cool when you turn the power on and the L.E.D.S. light up the front of the xbox . The only issues were that it did n't come with instructions , and it came with an extra piece that I couldnt figure out were it went .
 Well , first things first -- there is a crash mode , it 's just not implemented the same way -- and true , it 's not as good . The original versions were nice little destruction puzzles that required thought and skill to solve . These new ones are just mindless crashing for short-lived online bragging rights.Even so , this is easily the best game in the series -- but one must play it a while and get used to it -- and to discover why this is the case -- my guess is that most of the haters never gave it a real shot . Too bad , because it 's a seamless , fresh , and ambitious take on a great series of games . To me the Burnout series is the only car game series worth playing -- and this is the best in that series.BTW , I played the demo and was completely unimpressed , but playing the actual game for a while is another story entirely .
 I enjoy driving games . I like `` arcade '' style over `` simulation '' style , though , because arcade controls are more forgiving . Games likeGran Turismo 4aren ' t my bag , andProject Gotham Racing 4style sort of rides a good line between arcade and simulation.Burnout Paradise is that perfect arcade driving experience I enjoy . I started into the Burnout series withBurnout 3 Takedownand they 've just gotten better since then . With Burnout Paradise , you get the whole package
 This is probably the most fun racing game I 've played in a long , long time . I 'm pretty impressed with the wealth of scenery and all the different areas you can go through . The racing modes seem really varied and give you a lot of choices in terms of how you want to play . It 's really very open and gives you a ton of options . It can be nice to just scoot around and look at what 's in the game , or go on some high speed tight curve races over and through seeming obstacles , or just crash into stuff .250 miles of road ! Over 100 events ? The freedom to break out of defined tracks and have at it!I 've got a lot to figure out , and I 'm not sure I 'll ever figure it all out , but I think this game has a lot of potential for long term interest as it has so much variety and so many options.If you 're looking for an auto racing game that breaks out of predictable tracks and courses , this one gives you a lot to work with.It 's also got online interactive abilities that some folks might like to make use of , I 'm not there yet . They say more than 300 possible online challenges , so look out !
 Okay to save people time im just going to say that this game rules.A must have for anyone . I bought this game along with forza 2 and although there two completelly different games i like this better . One thing that i wish that this game had though was car customization like forza , Forza owns in that catogory . But yah great game i would reccomend to anyone woo !
 the burnout series has been doing great these past few years . this title however does not have the crashes -LRB- where you do as much damage as possible to cars , buses , and anything else you could hit and get points for -RRB- that made the previous titles so much fun!burnout paradise has other things that have never been put in a burnout game before too though so i 'm okay with the crash mode not being there . it 's a huge and immerse experience . this is what need for speed should have been all these years ! great game , great add-ons available online , hours and hours and hours of gameplay . i 've been playing this game since the day i got it and i 'm still playing it ! what can i say , you never get sick of it . playing online is a breeze and so much fun as well ! definitely get this game if you like cars .
 Great game , got it at a great price from here . Definitely worth picking up if you like driving/racing games , the open world is really nice but you are often going so fast it may be a little hard to figure out where your going .
 This game is awesome , i only paid 15 $ and the game was in perfect condition . i think it came in like 4 days . 5/5 overall
 I love this game . The Coolest part about it is that you can take your car and smash civilians and make huge road wrecks . the other cool part about it is that there are ramps with a ton of potential just waiting to explode . The stunts are cool , and if you do them wrong you land on your top and flip out all over the place .
 I do like the idea of the game , where you can drive where ever you want , and start an event and any red light . But for some reason , I seem to keep driving on the same road and ca n't find all of the events . It 's not like the map is that big , but I like to drive looking at the map , not the road . DJ Atomica is kind of annoying . Overall , it 's a fun game for many hours , it just seems like I 'm stuck . On races , I ca n't seem to slow down and make the turn on the correct street , and it seems like I always get separated towards the end of the race and it 's too late . That is frustration also .
 I have every Burnout and love them all . Went out and bought this on release day , it 's still in the mix of games I play . While single player can get repetitive and seriously aggravating having to go all the way back , it gives you a better chance to know where you need to go or what you need to do . Never did I get mad that I had to go all the way after a last sec crash , you just move to the next event.The open world is great and it 's seriously easy to know the areas once you 've played the game enough . Which is you 've done ea event at least once AND paid attention to where you are/were . Not every game city has to be a known place.Showtime is no crash mode but is still very addictive once you get the hang of it . Way more fun than trying to launch at a certain angle or just missing that multiplier and waiting to blow you car up.I see a lot of complaints on no traffic checking . It 's not needed but you can still knock cars into your opponent from the sides . While it was fun , this game is about smoothness and that slowed it down.Online is the main key to this game . So if you do n't have friends , guess this game would suck as would most others these days . It would have been nice to have 2-4p split screen , maybe next time . Easy to get on and very little load or waiting to go from sp to online . Even though almost all the challenges are the same from 2-8p , it 's gets better with more people . Unless you have someone that ca n't do something and you 're waiting on them . The Host can create a race instead of using the preplanned ones . Best of all is they have down loadable content -LRB- dlc -RRB- coming to extend the online life . AND IT 'S ALL GOING TO BE FREE !!! FREE DLC !!!! http://criteriongames.com/ to keep track of what 's coming3 things I 'd like to see in the next Burnout is local split screen , tune your car and paint you car .
 I 've had Burnout Paradise , for XBOX 360 , for some time now , and my children have loved it from day one . Of course all they allowed me to do is watch them play because they are just that excited about playing this game.Shortly after I received Burnout Paradise I saw one of Wyclef 's music videos , and imagine my surprise to see him simulated into the game . It was awesome . The same graphics in the video , is the same graphics in the game.The more you play the more this you earn to change your car . Burnout Paradise can keep a child out of his parent 's hair for a few hours non-stop . I recommend it to parents and children alike . Neither will be disappointed in what they see or play .
 this game is great . the feeling that we miss in the newly released Need for Speed
 Innovation is not one of EA 's strong suits , and Criterion has basically built the same game over and over . Paradise , on the other hand , does things a little differently , incorporating a big , open world along the lines of a Grand Theft Auto . While the sandbox elements are light , there are a ton of different races to participate in , and once the taste is acquired , it is a good one.However , it wo n't do anything to convert those who do n't care much for racing games -- Mario Kart does n't count ! -- , and it may alienate those expecting more of the same , which is what EA normally tends to deliver.The on-line play is excellent , smooth , and well-integrated .
 Our family has been having a blast playing this game . Besides the adults , our children -LRB- 7 and 10 -RRB- have been using it a lot.This is a single player video game . The graphics of the city are fantastic . You can see detailed buildings in the distance and as you get closer to them they appear -- it is very realistic . It takes a little work to get used to the driving the car in a way that has some semblance of control so my first few attempts were a bit of a complete mess -LRB- crashing into things and so on -RRB- . When you crash it switches to a sideways view as if a bystander was watching it and it goes to slow motion for the crash.You can drive around wherever you want through the city -LRB- a small map is in the corner -RRB- . When you are ready you can start a street race.As you play the game more and get driving experience you move up levels that allows you to get a better car.My boys really enjoy this game.In case you are wondering about blood or gore , you ca n't see the drivers in the cars and when you crash there are no bodies , no blood or anything like that.I ca n't figure out why this is rated for 10 + , I 've found nothing offensive in it so far to make me want to stop my 7 year old from playing it.My kids laugh hysterically when they play this -- they like to watch each other play and make comments and laugh as the game progresses.Video games have sure come a long way from the Atari we had in my teen years -- the sound and graphics on this are unbelievable !
 I need to make a disclaimer -- I have really loved the Burnout series . I love racking up points for the best `` accident '' and the overall feel of the game . And , this new one did not disappoint . The functionality of the game is high and I like the look of the new game . EA did a great job with this updated version.I 've also found that my family continues to enjoy the Burnout series . These games are unlike the GTA games that are filled with hardcore violence , foul language , and sexuality . Instead , Burnout will help you hone your eye hand coordination as you try to hug the tight corners . My hands/fingers get a workout with this game . I love it !
 Burnout Paradise was better than expected . Granted it is a bit different , with a weightier feel to the driving , but it is definitley fun .
 Nothing but a great product , totally recommended ... do no think twice before buying this product since you will not regret it .
 This game , like the previous installments , is not perfect but still quite awesome . The Game play is great and easy for anyone to enjoy . The graphics are pretty good , definitely up to par with most games . There are a few things I was disappointed with , such as the lack of crash mode , and the inability to restart events . The minor problems of this game can easily be over looked , as this is one of the best arcade style racing games on the 360 .
 If you have n't tried the burnout games , you are missing out . This newest game is very fun and challenging , online and off .
 * The following is a review from the user 's 17 year old son * My first game was Burnout 3
 Remember the bumper cars at the amusement parks that you loved so much ? Well , buy this game , or any in the Burnout series , and you 'll LOVE LOVE LOVE playing it ! It 's bumper cars hopped up on crack and steroids ! As you whiz through the environments at breakneck speeds you ca n't believe your ability to avoid hitting anything ... then BAM ! You 're toast ! ... But you 're set back on your wheels again and instantly ready to gun it for more carnage ! This game really satisfies the maniac driver in all of us ! It 's downright therapeutic ! I love this . None of the Burnout games have ever disappointed me . The visuals are so satisfying to watch . A superb game in my opinion !
 ... . That about sums up Burnout Paradise . I had heard about this game from a friend who played it pretty often that this was a racing game that was packed with a lot of fun and plenty of open world to explore and raise mayhem . He was correct as I found myself drawin right in from the moment I put it in my game console . The controls are pretty easy to pick up on -LRB- without even reading the manual -RRB- and your free to discover events , find landmarks , crash ... you name it , as you wander around `` freely '' . I have never really been big on racing games in the past , but I have recently started to give them a try . I had bought Midnight Club : LA a few months ago and found it to be very difficult -LRB- especially the AI !! -RRB- but the graphics and customization of MC : LA and detail were -LRB- and are -RRB- great , but I did n't find it to be a `` user friendly '' game . Burnout Paradise has some gameplay similarites and the graphics may be a just a notvh below MC : LA but it is alot more fun in my opinion.I am fairly new to the racing genre of games and I now own 2 . So far Burnout Paradise is my top choice . Fortunately I was able to purchase a `` used like new '' copy from Amazon warehouse for just $ 12.99 -LRB- free shipping too when I combined it with another order -RRB- . The transaction was smooth , fast and it arrived in excellent condition . As far as game modes go , Burnout packs a good variety of races sucha as marked man , road rage , burnout routes , stunt man events , regular races , etc ... . plenty to do here besides racing as well , like findind 400 shortcuts & 100 plus billboards to try and smash through . I have just started playing and earned my Class `` C '' license and hope to level up quickly . I even gave the multiplayer mode a shot and found a decent amount of people to play against online . If you 're looking for a racing game that puts an emphasis on fun over hardcore competitiveness , then this is your game . Not to say there are not some difficulties here too , but the fun outweighs those frustrations by a good margin . I would encourage anyone looking for a racing game to try it , Burnout Paradise is an excellent way to get your feet wet when it comes to racing on the streets !!
 WOW this game is fun ! If you love racers , then I do n't see how you could possibly go wrong with this title -LRB- especially at the price it is being offered for now ! -RRB- It is an `` open racer '' which means you are not limited the standard `` loop '' that most racers impose . You are free to explore the vast maze of streets . The goal of a race is to get to the finish line first . How you get there -LRB- whether you follow the route , find a shortcut , make your own shortcut , or just destroy all your opponents cars -RRB- is up to you.The physics are absolutely ridiculous . I can take a 90 degree turn at 150 MPH in a 20 year old junker car I found at the junkkyard . I can jump 500 feet in the air , land , and just keep driving every time . I can knock over traffic lights , lampposts , and plow through dumpsters - and just keep on driving.The AI is also kind of stupid . Cars kind of just wander around the track and are pretty easy to trick into crashing . -LRB- albeit I am not that far into the game , maybe they get smarter . -RRB- None of this , however , even slightly detracts from how FUN this game is . Sometimes you just want to drive around , crash in to things , enjoy the gorgeous graphics , and perform ridiculous stunts.Try running this game on a big screen with surround sound for the full effect . Yeah , I think I 'll take another `` sick day '' today !
 Burnout Paradise is hands down my favorite game this generation . The open world and seemingly never-ending events and goals keep me coming back a year after initial purchase . The icing on the cake is that the developers are still heavily supporting it . The latest free update has added the ability to restart events and balances the gameplay and vehicles . It 's pretty uncommon for a developer to support a game to such a degree so long after release so I salute Criterion for their effort.Considering this game is now 1/3 the price it was at launch and arguably 3x better , there 's no reason not it get it . I am seriously considering purchasing it for all three platforms it 's on !
 Burnout Paradise removes the old Burnout forumula and replaces it with an amazingly fun but seriously flawed open-world game more reminiscent of Need for Speed
 I have never been a really big fan of racing games . But I have to say i was very interested in BP when I first read about it . As more and more reviews came in , I decided to pick up a copy and give it a try . After around 20 hours of play , both online and off , I have to say that this is a GREAT game . Racing is so good in this , and you get sucked in so well , that when you actually stop playing it , you start thinking about it in your sleep.If I had to say one bad thing about it , it would be the difficulty of actually finding the finish line at times . I ca n't tell you how often I was way ahead in a race , took a wrong turn , and then lost the race . I would have liked a `` GPS '' like system.You wo n't regret getting this game . Really . It is fantastic .
 One of the best driving games in videogame history so far . Ok I 've always loved the burnout series and I compare lots of driving games to burnout but I see where the game could be better . Ok , with EA having competion in all areas in the videogame industry I 'd say Flatout is their biggest competion and probably one of the driving games that really does n't get the credit it deserves . In Burnout I do n't get the same competive feeling like when playing Flatout . For instance
 EA 's insanely fun Burnout series takes some big steps forward with Burnout Paradise , which takes the series ' formula to some new levels . Most notably is that the game features an open-world environment , otherwise known as Paradise City . The game has virtually no linear feel to it as you are basically free to drive , crash , and smash until your heart is content , as you come across objectives to keep progressing up the game 's ladder of licenses . One thing I 've noticed based on other reviews here , notably the negative ones , is that many are complaining that Crash Mode is nowhere to be found . Yes , it 's sad but true , Crash Mode is gone , but one new feature that what we get here instead is Showtime Mode , which is a sheer blast to say the least . Yes , Crash Mode is gone , get over it . The game itself looks gorgeous and is wonderfully detailed in its scenes of vehicular destruction , and the driving and racing elements are still as fun as you 'd come to expect from the series by now . XBox Live support is nearly flawless as well , nicely implementing the use of the XBox Vision Camera , which is a neat little feature in itself . The one thing I absolutely could n't stand about Burnout Paradise was the game 's licensed music soundtrack . This has become a staple with just about every sports/driving-themed game to come out of EA , but the songs here are just plain annoying . Also , there are a few glitches and hiccups that pop up now and then , but they 're not too noticeable . All in all , Burnout Paradise is a welcome change of pace for the series to take , as it still provides heaping amounts of mayhem that fans of the series old and new can enjoy , and if you 've never played any Burnout game before , Burnout Paradise is a more than welcome place to get acquainted .
 Whatchoo talkin ' ` bout Willis?This game is freakin ' awesome ! My wife and I have been huge fans of the series since Takedown and we could n't wait until this was released . We were not disappointed in the least with the game play , or the environment . The open world is too cool . If you prefer to race in the city , do it . If you prefer mountains , do it . The fact that there is no split screen may force me to buy another Xbox so my wife and I can both play ! -LRB- - one half star for no split screen -RRB- I see some people are gettin ' lost in the map ? Maybe because I learned to drive before there was GPS that 's not an issue for me ... ? :--RRB- The challenges and events will help you learn the city . Once you 've completed a chunk of them , it 's like driving around your hometown . Drive around , study the layout , discover shortcuts , know how to get anywhere from everywhere . Plus , the online challenges are a blast to grab some friends , -LRB- or strangers -RRB- , meet online , and just tear up the city!Yeah , it 's different than Takedown , and Revenge - but change can be good ... if you do n't like change , dust off your Nintendo and rip up some killer 2D scrollers like Mario Brothers ! No map to worry about , just grab coin and kick turtles.Don ' t forget to blow into the cartridge before you put it in the system ... If you like to jump in a new game and master it the first weekend , this ai n't your game . If you like to wine and dine it , learn what makes it tick , and then make sweet love to it throughout a long loving relationship ... well , before this game I 'd have said that was weird.This is a great game.Caleb agrees .
 This game is unbelievably fun . The graphics are top notch as are the soundtrack , and basically all aspects of the game . It 's very organic , there is no break in the gameplay to select events etc. you simply drive through an intersection and are given the option to enter the event . This is one of the better implementations of an events based game I 've ever seen . To the person who said `` If you go fast and hit a car you crash '' Well , NO DUH ! the physics are pretty good and the collision detection is perfect . I am thoroughly enjoying playing this game on-line and off . Do n't hesistate if you are a racing fan or if you like great social gameplay . Exceptional , really .
 Fans of the Burnout series be warned
 I got this game and was so excited to play it with my friend since on the commercials it was saying take down Paradise together and things , I figured it used teamwork . I was n't too happy when I opened it and looked at the back when I got in the car and realized it 's only one player unless you play online.So , I gave it a try on my own . At first I was n't sure what to do and I 'm used to Burnout Revenge so I kept getting mad when I would crash . After I figured it out , I started to have a lot of fun racing and it can be challenging . The thing I do n't like about it is just how you do the same sort of races over and over ... just working to increase your score . I also do n't like having to drive over and find a repair shop or the junk yard . I also do n't like having to discover some of the shops yourself before they 'll show up on your map . I always see them when I am racing and then when I go back to find it , I ca n't . So , overall I 've been having a good time playing but I only play for a certain amount of time before I get tiered and turn it off for a while or put in Burnout Revenge since right after I got Burnout Paradise and realized I could n't play it with my friends I went to Gamestop and got a used copy of Burnout Revenge ... : -RRB- So , in closing ... . would I buy it after I 've played it ... yes , but I probably would have waited for the price to go down from $ 59.99 . I 've never played any of the Grand Theft Auto games but my friend told me they 're basically the same , plus you get to do other things ... so I 'm looking foward to the new one coming out this April .
 In the world of gaming , the Driving/Racing Genre seems to have always had a hard time trying to take the pole position in the video game market . When a game calledBurnoutwas released back in 2001 , it seemed to follow the same route as most Driving/Racing games that came before it . However , it was the slow motion replay 's of each crash which realistically deformed the cars was what brought the game to the attention of the public.From then on Criterion 's Burnout game series would continue on with new features being implemented in each game -LRB- along with a different set of cars -RRB- from the Crash Gameplay inBurnout 2
 From a mom 's perspective , this was a so so game ... but from my son 's perspective , this game ROCKED entirely ! He loved it from beginning to end and ended up taking it to college and not leaving it home for his younger brother ! EEK !
 we purchased this for my son as a gift for his ranking # 1 in his Freshman class of 594 students . So this was at the top of his list . He loves this game and plays all the time . I do not play , but I do know that he is thoroughly enjoying every wasted moment in front of that xbox360 !
 This is a fun game ! You can either race or just cruise around Paradise city . The scenery is excellent and controlling your car is easy . Be ready to burn some rubber !
 The Burnout series has a longstanding tradition of arcade-style carnage , mayhem and destruction without the dark violence of something like , say , Twisted Metal . It feels as though it is tailored to the younger of this generation -LRB- in fact I bought it for my 12 year old brother who has had plenty of enjoyment out of it -RRB- but , at the same time , it has the capability to appeal to older folks as well . Overall , it 's a decent game if you 're up for senseless city-wide destruction of property without the violence , blood and guts that pervade the majority of video games today .
 This game is great game , with some flaws . i like how its open and drive wherever you want . the problem is that the crash mode was removed . =-LRB- otherwise fun . Im also a burnout fan.good game
 Not just a racing game . You get to smash cars , do routes to upgrade your cars , race , and smash more cars . Loads of fun . Best racing / video game I 've played in a long time .
 Excellent time playing this game is not all.You can crash the car without begin hurt , and the whole family love it .
 This is a fun game , I was expecting it to be a two player game , it 's not . That 's why it 's not a fun as it could be .
 Pretty fun game . You win the races you get the cars . . nothing special but entertaining nonetheless
 Burnout Paradise is one of the best racing games I 've played . The controls are simple , so it 's easy enough for even my three year to play.The open city to drive is great for just having some fun and there are so many challanges that there is always something to do.Recently , the Bike Pack was released , allowing you to ride motorcycles within Paradise City . Criteron Games has committed to even more downloable content in the future as well.For the $ 30 price , this game is a must have for anyone who enjoys racing games .
 well , this game is a pretty good game , but you cant say its great if you 've played burnout revenge . this game does n't seem like it should be called burnout , its more like a normal racing game . one of the really cool things about burnout revenge is that when you crashed , you would explode your car and crash others . that was a really fun part of the game . but they seem to have took en that out in paradise . this is still a pretty good game . i recomend to buy it after you ' beaten revenge . click the following link to go to burnout revenge.Burnout Revenge
 This is one of those `` WOW ! '' games you find every so often . The graphics here are great , and it 's a free-roam city to race in -LRB- and a pretty big one at that -RRB- . You choose to run a mission or if you 'd like you can just drive around and find shortcuts or complete side tasks like hitting billboards or busting private areas . The car physics are good , and there 's not a huge learning curve right off the bat to keep you from playing.Starting off you only have one car to choose from . It 's all right for a starter , but gets old quickly . Getting a new car is n't that hard though , so you do n't have to keep it for long . And I love the way you can get a new paint job for free just by driving through the paint place!The enemy AI is competitive , but not impossible . If you know shortcuts -LRB- and some of them will take a while to find -RRB- , you can win most races with time to spare . Trying to win the race with no shortcuts , however , will be frustrating quickly.Of course , the major draw of the game is the crashes and instant replays of such . You can do some spectacular smash-ups here , and when you hit top speed it will probably be what you do on an ongoing basis just to be amazed . There 's a lot of fun to be had here , and it 's not a game you get tired of quickly.The only major downside to the game is the fact that it 's single player only . I wish they 'd have allowed us some head-to-head racing that did n't involve an online account . Still , it 's the only fault I could see in this game and I would n't let it stop me from buying it . Highly recommended !
 After growing up with video games I 've been away from the world for a little while , and so come at this game with both a tad of experience but with a whole lot of wonder about how far games have come . I 've not played any of the previous versions of Burnout , and am not hypercritical about which features I `` need '' or might be missed . I 'm just a guy who wanted to relax a bit with a game . Games are n't my life . They are a temporary diversion on occasional free moments.Maybe that 's why I like Burnout Paradise so much . It makes so few demands . It does n't require a long period of orientation . There 's no major storyline to envelop me . It 's just driving . Driving however and wherever I want.The controls are easy to pick up . I got a feel for it within moments and for a while enjoyed just cruising , enjoying the very realistic and expansive sights.Then I started to notice what the game itself had to offer as a game . A few different kinds of races . There is the take out , in which the goal is to knock opponents out of action during a set amount of time . There 's the standard race
 I played this myself , and I have 5 and 9 year old sons who also played , and we all enjoyed it . Initially it was a little confusing and I highly recommend the tutorials . Once we got into the game it was quite fun , even for my 5 year old who did n't understand half of it but did n't have too much trouble with the controls . What I really liked was the freedom and open-world aspect of the game . There seem to be no shortage of events and random things to do . The graphics are very good and the game play is addictive . Top grades on this product !
 I have had limited experience with the Burnout series . The only time I 've even played a Burnout game was with a free Demo of Burn out Revenge . With the abundance of average and downright bad racing games out there , I did n't expect much of the demo , but I actually found it quite entertaining and fun . Usually I expect some sort of realism in racing games , but Burnout Revenge was the exception , after a while I found myself playing the demo more than the game that the demo was included on . As much fun as I had with the Burnout Revenge demo , I never got around to getting the full game . Then after awhile , I forgot about it all together.A few years later I got the opportunity to get a copy of Burnout Paradise City . I was expecting more of the same as compared to Burnout revenge , and for the most part it is still the same type of game , but there are a few disappointments.First off there is no `` Crash Breaker '' in Paradise . I seem to recall in the Revenge Demo , I would sometime be able to break out of a crash by a perfectly timed button press ; however this feature is no longer available . Why it was taken out is beyond me , I suppose they wanted the game to be more `` realistic '' . Secondly there is no after touch either which was also in Revenge . When you crash in Paradise the computer takes over and you are no longer in control.Another disappointment is the extremely cumbersome and confusing menus . Whoever designed the menus needs a class in user interface design . When someone is playing a game for the first time or the first time in quite a while , the last thing they want to deal with is confusing menus making the game needlessly more frustrating ; when all they want to do is to figure out how to do something . A menu design should be a simple as pressing Start or Select and scrolling down to what you want to do , it does not require much more than that and I wish game companies would realize that most of us do n't care about how `` cool '' the menu system is . They need to stop trying so hard and get back to the basics.Despite the negatives , Burnout Paradise is still a fun game to play . I was so turned off by the menu system , that I did n't play it again for a couple of days , but I came back to it after letting my son play it for about 20 minutes . He seemed to really enjoy it and after playing it for the second time I started to enjoy it as well.The graphics are very well done , the first thing I thought about when I played this game on my main TV in the living room were the racing games we see in video arcades . The graphics are that good . The city that you drive in looks downright real ; better than PGR3 . The gas stations and repair shops all over the city are also authentic looking and the gas stations in the game even have today 's inflated prices . In addition the cars YOU drive are also quite convincing in the realism department . While they are not actual licensed cars , they are still designed very well and the damage they sustain is realistic . The only area in graphics that could use improvement are the NPC cars.The audio is also great . From the engine sounds to the sounds of screeching tires and the inevitable crashes , add a great deal of excitement to the game . Additionally , if you drive on the wrong side of the road or about to hit a passing car head on , you will hear the cars honk at you . For best results it 's good to have the volume cranked up to get the best effect.Presentation is a big part of all games and that alone determines if a game is good or bad ; at least in my book . For the most part Paradise delivers . This game 's presentation is quite similar to Need For Speed
 I am a huge fan of racing games , and in particular of the Burnout series . Burnout Paradise is more open ended than previous releases , and also less fun.Why ? Where is my crash mode ? I loved that single feature of the game most of all . You can make the most realistic driving environment I 've played . You can use an awesome physics engine . You can put in great music and a really open ended environment . You can achieve the right blend of difficulty and measured progress . All these elements exist in Burnout Paradise.If you 've never played Burnout Revenge you 'll never know that Criterion took away a little bit of the fun that made Burnout stand out from the rest of the racers . Crash mode ! Bring it back or you 'll never rate five stars again ...
 My family is new to the world of the XBOX 360 , so I do n't have any experience with prior versions of Burnout with which to compare Burnout Paradise . This is my favorite kind of racing game , the kind where you can smash up your car and still keep going.My son -LRB- 10 -RRB- and I did think that the car does n't show enough damage for our tastes . We have Stuntman Ignition and we spend a lot of time trying to break the back window and have the hood and trunk fall off . It 's probably not what most people are looking for in a racing game , but it 's what makes it fun for me so I thought I 'd note that the back end of the car always looks pristine.We like the narrator helping us through the parts that are new to us . It 's not intrusive and actually much more helpful than making you go through a formal tutorial and then letting you loose on your own . I found the controls fairly easy to use once I got used to the level of sensitivity of the left stick . We do n't own a steering wheel but I 'll bet that would really improve the experience.I like this game , and would recommend it .
 While I have read many reviews that say this permutation of the game series is not what they hoped for , I believe that as a first time player to this particular series , the game holds up extremely well . It is a fast paced , heart pounding driving game that allows new comers as well as the jaded players that scream `` give me more excitement '' . The layout is immense , the virtual City is big enough , that getting lost is a reality . The number of mini games within the game itself , are fun and intoxicating themselves , that is so realistic , that I have trouble remembering not to drive like I do while playing the game when I get behind the wheel off my car . Unlike some strategy games , you do n't feel cheated by not being able to unlock everything too quickly , learning the game and getting good at it , is well paced and worth the $ 60 you have to plop down to get this in your home.Happy trails ,
 Quite possibly the best racing game I have ever played . The freeburn online and the offlinbe portions of the game work seamlessly together and the mugshots and race photos are a tight addition . I absolutely love this game .
 Burnout Paradise , for me , was the best game of 2008 , and if you have n't had a chance to play it yet , it 's not to late . Now is your chance to play this incredibly fun and addicting arcade racing game . If you do n't like racing games or like sim racing games , then it will be obvious that you wo n't like this game.So why exactly did I name this the best game of 2008 for me ? I 'm a fan of the Burnout series in general -LRB- the mechanics are what makes the game so appealing -RRB- , and I personally love racing games , for the most part of my life . This game is just so addicting . With gobs of modes . Burnout 's AI seems less rubberband that it has in the past , which makes the game more easier . The physics engine is a wonder , something about the sastifying crunch of watching cars explode makes the game so fun . And the sense of air and jumps is great too , and it makes those races more action packed . Plus , being open roaded , all of those races can end up anyway you want . The controls are amazing and intiutive , as you will have no trouble powersliding and controlling your car . They are perfect at control , you must give the game that.And racing through Paradise City is a blast . Paradise City really is a paradise . Lush forests . And there 's hardly a repeat building , as , like a real city , you wo n't see much of the same buildings -LRB- look at the excellent Test Drive Unlimited 's map and you 'll see what I mean -RRB- . The graphics are gorgeous , the damage is awesome to watch , the game runs as smooth as butter , and the lighting is amazing . The sound is great as well , I like the start up sounds , the roaring of the car , the works.To confirm other people 's woes , yes , there is no crash mode , which is kind of a disappointment . While this certainly is a loss -LRB- especially with the highly tuned , I personally was too busy playing races , unlocking cars , and playing the aforementioned crash mode . I also found the stunt mode to be a little hard , especially because , as a non-creative person , it 's kind of hard for me to chain combos together . It 's not much of a mode for me , and it 's the only pair of race events I have n't won yet . Other than that , I was very pleased with what the game gave us in terms of events.If you were one of those people that loved crashing matchbox cars together in the schoolyard , then this game will be a delight . This is the game that hotwheel launching kids have been waiting for . There 's no reason for expensive hot Wheels playsets when you have this videogame . It 's not quite the best game of 2008 yet -LRB- since Midnight Club is yet to be released -RRB- , but this is the game that I have been waiting for . You may not like it as much as I did , but it still is a must play game , especially if your the aforementioned car crashing kid inside .
 if you 're looking for a solid arcade racing game , Burnout is your best bet . No adjusting weight , no engine micro-management , or adjusting gear ratios here . Nope , just pure speed and wreck induced adrenaline.Graphics-wise Burnout Paradise is beautiful , the cars look magnificent and the sun-washed vistas and city streets look spectacular . The high speed effects are really engrossing ; I 've had to back off the throttle a few times because I felt I could n't handle how fast buildings were zipping past . The wrecks are pretty intense , with bits and parts flying in every direction , and the car models really reflect the amount of punishment that is inflicted upon them.On the audio front , this game is great . Nothing beats unlocking a new car and laying rubber to the nearest junkyard -LRB- where cars can be swapped out -RRB- to jump in and just to crank the engine over and listen to the sinister growl of a muscle car , or the nice , tight rev of an import tuner . The crash sound effects are amazing , with screeching steel on steel , thumps , pops , and shattering glass . - It should be noted that the in game music without a doubt ROCKS.Game modes are pretty varied , so if you find yourself getting bored with say , just racing , there are plenty more options to choose from . My favorite mode is the crash mode , where you control your car in slow motion steering it through intersections , oncoming traffic and the like trying to rack up as much collateral damage as possible.With the downloadable content now out on PS3 and Xbox 360 -LRB- both free of charge -RRB- you can scream all over Paradise city on bikes!The selection of vehicles is immense , and many gamers will have their hands full unlocking them all . Car customization is basic ranging from a surprising amount of styles , colors , and finishes.I have n't played Burnout online yet but from what I see the options for multiplayer are pretty modest , with leaderboards , best times , best wrecks all available real-time .
 I know it 's not the same as the other but I already have those . I think it takes a bit of getting used too but I like open map style . The game keeps flowing without all the time to keep loading new events . I love the hidden passeges and challenges.The only feature I miss is a split screen mode so I can play with my friends who come over .
 Burnout Paradise is the best driving/racing game in console history and second best game for XBox 360 to Halo 3 . Hours and hours of playability and just as fun to watch as it is to play !
 Burnout Paradise is an absolute dream come true . Never has there been a racing game so tuned in to a great experience . People keep complaining about hitting the back of cars and wrecking . At first I missed this feature as well , but after playing for a while , it makes it so much more thrilling . You feel scared when speeding through a city , as you should . The co-op is online only , but 90 % of people play these games and have friends on live , so you do n't miss much there . The map is an area that can be rough at first , but really , the aim is to learn the city . I 'm class A for license , and I still find new things all the time . It 's wonderfully vast , and I 've enjoyed almost every second of playing this game . There 's a demo for download on live , but really , you need to rent this game if you have any hesitation . Racing with a group of friends or completing challenges together is top-notch entertainment . Try this game , you wo n't regret it .
 I am not a fan of racing games . With the exception of silly ones that end with the word `` Kart , '' I stay far , far away from this genre . That said , I AM a fan of huge explosions , causing chain reactions from said explosions and figuring out intricate ways to cause all sorts of virtual mayhem . It 's because of this second part that I enjoy the Burnout series.But Burnout has become a stagnant series , in my opinion , with subsequent sequels simply tweaking the modes and gameplay while relying on slicker graphics to attract gamers . And so it is that we have Burnout Paradise , a game that tries to completely re-invent the series by making it more about an open world.This completely changes the way the game plays , both for the good and the bad . The freedom to traverse a beautiful city , see the sights and plan your attack is liberating and makes the game feel less like a racing game . This is n't Grand Theft Auto , so do n't expect to see cops trailing you for the mayhem you cause . If anything , it 's an explosion simulator.While you 're busy driving around the city , you 'll come across many events for you to partake of . These events are grouped into five categories , Race , Marked Man , Road Rage , Burning Route and Stunt Run . Race and Marked Man have you racing around the city , with Marked Man having other cars chasing you . Road Rage has you attempting to destroy as many cars as you can withint a set time limit and Burning Route is a time trial , using a certain car . My favorite is the Stunt Run , which tags you with trying to string combos together with various stunts -LRB- boosts , jumps , drifts , reverse driving , near misses , etc. -RRB- . The controls feel just right and spot on . A lot of recent driving games have felt loose to me and it was nice to `` get behind the wheel '' and feel like I actually had control over my car . I 've already mentioned the graphics -LRB- they 're beautiful in case you missed it -RRB- and the sound is also meaty , with some nice explosions and a pleasant soundtrack adding to the immersion.Utilizing varous system-specific peripherals -LRB- Xbox Live Vision in this case -RRB- , you can take a picture for your driver 's license and when you take the game online , you 'll show your driver 's license to whoever you 're playing against . It 's kind of a cool feature.Since this game has been out for awhile , you can also partake in some expansions that add a ton of different content and modes to both the online and offline game . So it 's nice to see Criterion support the game post release , especially with some of the free updates.The biggest problem is one inherent in an open-ended game . It 's easy to lose focus and pacing when you 're not being pulled along a more linear course . I think this change is a good one for Burnout , but , unfortunately , as far as the crashing goes I think the earlier games were better . That said , it 's nice to see a company not simply coast through with minor tweaks and actually release a product that dares to be different . It 's still the best place to go if you want to cause untold amount of car-related virtual destruction .
 Finally , I own this game . After years of exclusive PC gaming , I got my hands on the Burnout series.Instead of a long pontification , I 'll get right to the pros and cons + Open world can rock - Driving around a giant city is great and searching for hidden passages is a lot of fun + Showtime is a great diversion when you want to mix things up + The graphics are phenomenal + Crash physics are great + Multiplayer is fun and easy to sign onto-Open world can suck - Nothing is more frustrating than missing a turn -LRB- or not knowing there is one without reading the map or pausing mid-race -RRB- and losing a race because of an unexpected turn-The use of the xbox camera for mugshots is kind of pointless . Not a negative really , but does n't add anything-It 'd be nice if they mixed up crashes and had some in real-time . It can be distracting and take me out of the game-NO SPLIT-SCREEN TWO PLAYER ??? That 's just stupid . The whole point of Burnout is to unlock the cool cars in single player so that your buddies can come over , have a couple drinks and crash each other into smithereens . I learned this after buying the game and was REALLY disappointed.Other than not having two player , the negatives are really just nit-picky things . This is a great game and one of the first games I bought when I picked up my xbox . I recommend it to all arcade racing junkies and good game lovers . Get it !
 This is by far one of the most interesting and fun games I have ever played online . Where the first few games in the series really just focused on the severity of destruction you could cause , this game adds a huge open ended map that allows and encourages exploration of the deepest sort . The element of auto related carnage is still very much a part of the game , it 's just not what I would call the main focus of it . There are an obscene amount of things to see and do in this game and with the ability to play with up to seven other players over Xbox Live , the game becomes something that is quite literally insane in its overall design.The sheer amount of things you can do in this game is just mind boggling . There are literally hundreds of events you can partake in and dozens of cars to unlock and turn into heaps of broken metal and glass . The city itself is pretty large and has more hidden passageways and shortcuts than most other racing games I 've ever played . This is the kind of game I like because when a game has this much to do and this much to explore , it gives the game replay value in spades . In an offhand way , it reminds me of the snowboarding game SSX3 -LRB- one of the ABSOLUTE best games I have ever played and I say that with no exaggeration -RRB- in how much there was to simply DO in the game . This is a game that I think will keep someone who 's not playing it 24/7 busy for months.Playing this on Live however is where this game takes it to the next level . There 's a seamless functionality where you can literally jump online at any point in the game by pressing the D-pad and pulling up the online options . There 's something really enjoyable in working together with other players in trying to beat the 300 + challenges spread out all over the island . Couple that with the ridiculous speed and total mayhem that occurs when cars go flying into other cars and guaranteed that you along with your online buddies will be cracking up . You can race each other , create rivalries , steal people 's victories ... there 's just no end to it . Also , now 's a good time to mention the Xbox Vision camera 's functionality . The game allows you to take pictures for your driver 's license and also sends you a picture of any particular gamer who you 've just taken down . It 's great to see a game use this peripheral in such an imaginative way , something we do n't see often enough except in games like the Rainbow Six
 Burnout Paradise is a very fine tuned racing game that stands out above all other racing games . You get to fly across a gigantic and open city that holds shortcuts galore and ramps , ramps every where . You can race against other cars , plow them into the wall , or just kick back and let the rubber burn across Paradise City . Events are always 5 seconds away , because every stop light -LRB- and who likes those ? They tell you to stop -RRB- is a starting line . Yes , I agree , the new showtime mode is garbage compared to the other crash mode , there 's no crashbreaker -LRB- it was always satisfying to see explosions inside deep doo-doo traffic -RRB- and you bounce around like some one in a bounce house pointlessly crashing cars . It 's also very hard to time your showtimes . the only good thing about it is that you can do it anytime anywhere . However , that 's a small price to pay for the new amazing modes , and the seamless city is just pure fun to burn rubber in . There is a million - okay only 70 or so - cars in paradise that you can tear up the road , other cars , or other scores in . You are in my power . You are in my command . Get this game .
 I 'm not a big video game player . I do n't care for Halo type games or ogres running around . But , I was very excited to be able to try out Burnout Paradise as I 've always been a fan of racing . Unlike several other racing games , Burnout Paradise has approximately 250 miles of open road set in beautiful Paradise City -LRB- Hollywood/So . California -RRB- . This newest burnout game did away with crash mode and replaced it with Showtime mode , which allows the car to continue to crash all the way across the map if you 'd like . Each time you hit a car you get a boost and the crash gets more spectacular.The map is sometimes difficult to follow , and if you make a mistake you have to find your way around on your own . You ca n't just restart from where you were . I think this is nice because it 's more realistic and challenging . Overall , you can unlock about 75 cars in this game . So far I have only a handful and they do handle and sound different from each other.The music is standard fun rock , and I have n't found any curse words or sexualized images , which makes the game fairly appropriate for kids unless you are opposed to them crashing cars and developing road rage.It 's also fairly fun to crash through fences and drive through areas cars would not normally be able to drive such as train tracks , tunnels , and parking garages . Did I mention the graphics are simply amazing ? They are incredibly realistic and gorgeous.Overall , the game is fun and relaxing .
 It takes a few tries to get used to the map and the Compass and all but it is so worth the time . This is one of those games that the more i play the more i want to play untill i cant see anymore ! Dont be afraid of the change its like an album you have to listen to a few times to get it but then it lasts for a long time instead of getting it right away and getting sick of it a week later . This game is awesome to play online as well . I cant get enough .
 I love this game ! It is fast and has lots of action . Love how you have to run down the cars to gain them into your garage !
 I got this game used at GameStop . I would get to a certain part of the map and it would freeze on me every time . The game had minor scratches of course . So I ordered one from Amazon . I 'm more into Gears of War , Call of Duty , and Halo than anything else . But the first time I played this game it was fun . I love the fact you can make your car bounce and crash into other cars . It 's alot of fun with the different types of ways to play this game . The only thing I do n't like is you do n't get chased by cops . Which would make it more fun .
 This game is just a blast to play period ! For a 2008 game , the graphics hold their own very well . the only real complaint is the lack of local split screen multi-player and the famous &#34; crash &#34; mode . Cruising around this large open world is a joy in and of itself . The wrecks are spectacular , the race events are over the top and the sheer amount of of things do to and find make this a must have for any gamer !
 Gave this as a requested gift - the response was extreme
 Criterion has changed the Burnout franchise for the best . Instead of the dated linear approach they have created something new for their franchise . And if you do n't judge it on just the demo and play the real game you will understand how much better this approach is than the original games . Rent this game if you have doubts , buy this game if you like racing game .
 I have never played any Burnout game before . I tryed this one out and ca n't put it down . Online expeience is okay , but the over game maybe got repetative but I still never got tired of it , Because lets just face it crash , race , 75 different cars , large map , awsome grphics , great music , NO glitches , why put the controller down . But One con that i agree with everyone is the driving and looking at the map . Instead i find my self pausing looking at the make and continuing the race every min . To hard to look at the map and drive at the same time .
 I 've played both versions and again the Xbox 360 comes out on top of the PS3 for a couple main reasons . Rumble , the Xbox 360 controller is better for racing games overall than the generic PS3 controller and the achievements are fun to get .
 This is a review fir the PRODUCT offered here on this page , NOT the game.As such , be warned that amazon titles AND pictures this as the regular version , but what they are sending is the UGLY PLATINUM HITS VERSION.I wrote them about this , and sent my game back , asking them if they could send the right item , as I was only visiting the states and needed toknow if I could get a replacement in time before I left.They apologized , and said they 'd send a replacement . They did , but of course , nobody bothered to check if they were replacing with the correct item . And oh , what a surprise , the second shippment was ALSO a platinum hits version ... I usually have good service from Amazon , but this time they struck out ... Now they tell me they can refund if I send it back , which I of course ca n't because I am no longer in the states , and shipping would make me spend twice what the game costs for literally having nothing ... They additionally said they 'd put this item under review , since it 's clearly not what it states , but it seems they did n't ...
 I will be giving you a honest review of : Burnout Paradise for the xbox 360 . One of the biggest things most gamers will notice is the graphic detail to the game it self . The detail to the city really makes the gamer more there then ever before . Also the detail done to the cars damage will really stand out as more damage happens . The makers of burnout paradise have put out one of the best car games to this date . The game play is really cool your able to start the missions when your ready to . One of the best things to do before doing any missions is drive around the map first and learn it . So the next time your ready to do a mission you know most of the city layout . A cool feature is you could be driving down the road and notice a paint shop . You can drive the car into and as you go past the car will get a new paint job . This instant change also works for repairs . It 's like after you have some car damage drive into the repair shop instantly your car is fixed . The control system to burnout paradise is like most any other games . Once you learn what does what the fun bar just keeps going and going up . Because you will be able to pull off some great car moves that look insane . There is even a mission where you got to use your skills to keep your car from getting damage . This is the part having good controler skills and knowing the map comes in handy . The graphics for Burnout Paradise is some of the best i seen for a game of this type . It seems they really done some work in the graphics and it really shows it ! The detail done to the car 's alone really do stand out . Also lets not forget the map it self , shows some time was put into the design of the map . Like i covered above just makes the gamer feel more like your really there . Also the detail work done for the damage of the cars is just really cool . I was like at some points in the game wow my car damage really stands out . The audio tracks to the game is well done . It seems they put a good amount of time in adding some cool bands to it . I spent a good amount of time just checking the music out and liked everything . I normaly dont play the music in games like this , but Burnout Paradise is one of those rare games i will keep that music going on . The sounds comming from the car it self are just as good . If your looking for a game that you dont have to worry about renting first to see if its any fun or not Burnout Paradise for the xbox 360 or even that other system is well worth getting . I seen verry little of this game before buying it and consider it one of my top xbox 360 games . As with all choices of renting or buying thats up to the gamer . So if you enjoy the burnout games of the past , trust me this is the best one of them all and well worth the price . If you never had a chance to see the burnout games of the past this would be the best game to start off with ! I have been a gamer for a good length of my life and giving others my honest thoughts to a game and helping others make a choice for a game makes me feel good . Also to show how happy on giving you a honest review of Burnout Paradise for the Xbox 360 . I have put 4 special names below that will help you out . The fun in finding out what the codes do will be up to you as the gamer ! Thanks for the time in reading my review of Burnout Paradise ! * Special names - walmart , gamestop , circuitcity , bestbuy *
 My son should be writing this review , but I had no problems with service from this vendor . Would buy from them again . : -RRB-
 I love this game i would not have payed 60 bux for it i didnt like it i love it
 This game is a great and fun racing game . It has intense crashes great cars and many events . Once you get acustom to the open world and the new racing style you will fall in love with another great Burnout racing game .
 I highly recomment this item . The seller was quick , reasonable and I recieved the item in pristine condition . i highly recommend both this seller to anyone !
 One year after its release , this game is STILL Phenomenal . Beautiful Graphics , Cars are just FUN to handle , Excellent Soundtrack , it is Truly a Racers Paradise . it is a Game that you can just Turn On and Play . i Love how the city is a compilation of LA , New York and Miami . people complaining about the city being Too Open and going off track during a race need to A
 I 'm been a big Burnout fan every sense it started . The idea was what ever kid does , crash cars . I was excited for the `` High Def '' version . After going through it , there are some good things , some bad.I do like the open world . It does take a while to get use to it , and what street goes where , but what is cool is all the short cuts and jumps that are all over the map . You can just rome forever , trying to smash billboards or find super jumps . The races are pretty much the same feel . There are 4 main types of races.Normal Race , you get a starting point and end point and get there as quick as you can . As you get use to the map it does get frustrating that one wrong turn and you pretty much are heading the wrong way.RoadRage , this is one part I have always loved from the series and its pretty much the same , there are more cars this time to crash -LRB- before there was 3 around you , now there are 5 -RRB- . I also like this in the open world , you can turn around and there are more cars to knock of the road.Last man standing , this is kind of like roadrage but the roles are reversed . Now cars are trying to knock you off the road , and if your card gets to damaged before you hit the finish line you loose . This does have some fun factor in it.Burning lap , this is just where , with a given car , you have a certain amount of time to reach the end line . This is n't to bad , but all of these burning laps show up on your map even if you do n't have the right car . So you kind of have to go around searching for the right race for the car you have.New is this style race -LRB- I ca n't remember what it is called -RRB- . This is where you get points for going of jumps and doing flips -LRB- barrel roll -RRB- and so forth . If you do n't know the map very well this can be tuff , but once you find a path that has enough jumps you can usually win.Last -LRB- I think -RRB- is Showtime . This is I guess was replaced the crash mode from earlier Burnouts -LRB- which I was disappointed with -RRB- . This is fun the first couple of times you do it , but after that it is just the same thing again and again . You are rolling your car down the road trying to hit as many cars as you can . The sound here is good -LRB- of hearing your car spin -RRB- but that 's about it.Good
 This game is a blast . I actually have n't played the other Burnouts , so that 's not influencing my review . I actually think the other people are relying too much on the game having aspects of the older versions.The only reason I ca n't give this game 5 stars is because it does n't have any co-op mode , which really bothers me , and the menus are a bit convoluted and confusing.Other than that , the game is so fun , the takedown modes are great , and I really like the open city . I noticed one reviewer said they did n't like it because it did n't have a speedometer or tach . It does n't have those because it does n't matter . This is an arcade racer and those things do n't matter like they do in PGR or Gran Turismo .
 I was a huge fan of Burnout 3 on PS2 . Two of the best things about it were the Aftertouch takedowns and Crash mode . Burnout Paradise has scrapped these features but is still a great game on its own merits . The demo does n't really do the game justice , since it only features a handful of events and a limited section of the city to drive around in.Burnout Paradise 's open-world format lets you cruise around the city seamlessly with no loading screens . Starting events is as simple as pulling up to an intersection and pulling both trigger buttons simultaneously . Gas Stations , Body Shops and Paint Shops are located throughout the city allowing you to refill your boost , repair or paint your car on the fly by simply driving through them . There are a number of Junkyards as well where you can switch cars.Familiar events like races and Road Rage -LRB- score as many takedowns as possible in a set time -RRB- are still in the game , as well as a Marked Man mode , where you need to get from point A to point B while several cars attempt to take you down . Burning Routes test your driving skills and award you with an upgraded version of your car if you can complete the trip in the allotted time . Stunt run challenges you to string together as many jumps and tricks as possible . There 's also a ton Super Jumps , gated shortcuts -LRB- Crashes -RRB- and Billboards to discover throughout Paradise City.Crash mode has essentially been replaced by Showtime mode , which you can trigger at any point in the game by pressing both shoulder buttons . Your car starts flipping end over end through traffic and your goal is to smash into as much traffic as possible for as long and as far as possible . Each car you hit adds to your boost which allows you to keep your momentum , while hitting busses adds to your multiplier . While Showtime is n't as fun as Crash mode , it fits better with the open-world format . Your ultimate goal is to beat a certain score on every road in the city . There 's a similar mode where you try to get the fastest time from one end of each road to the other.As you progress through the game , you 're alerted to new cars driving around the city which you must take down to add to your garage . This feels far more rewarding than simply earning cars automatically when certain benchmarks are reached as in past Burnout games . There are over 75 cars in all , classified as either Speed , Stunt and Aggression types.The online mode is where Burnout Paradise really shines . At any point you can use the D-pad to jump online and begin `` Freeburning '' , where you can drive around the city with up to seven other drivers . In Freeburn mode , players compete for the lead in categories like drift distance , barrel rolls , oncoming distance and more . The host can also set up races from one point to another or with a number of checkpoints . There are also 350 co-op challenges -LRB- 50 for each number of players 2-8 -RRB- where all players must meet the challenge . Some are as simple as using boost , while others require more cooperation . For instance , seven players need to line up in a certain location while an eighth person jumps over all of them . These are a lot of fun and encourage a lot of talking between players . The social aspect in Burnout Paradise is much greater than other games I 've played online where you may play a quick match and then face another player.Besides the lack of Crash mode and Aftertouch , one of the biggest complaints is the inability to restart a race . Because there are events at every intersection , the only time this gets somewhat frustrating is when you 've completed most of the events and you only have a few left to earn the elusive Elite license . This especially applies to Burning Routes , of which there is only one for each car on the entire map . However , if you start an event , crash , and do n't think you 'll be able to complete the event , you can simply stop the car and the event will end.Another complaint is the lack of two-player split-screen . While this would be a great feature to have , it probably would be difficult to pull off considering the amount of processing power required to render the city at a high framerate without any load time.The map is another point of frustration . When you start out , you 're heavily dependent on the map and will often crash when checking the map to find the next turn . The game helps you out a little with turn signals , but often times they come too late to make the turn . However , the more you play it , the more familiar you become with the map and the less of an issue this becomes.All in all , Burnout Paradise is a huge departure from its predecessors , but it retains the feel of the series while adding a lot of fun new elements . I was disappointed with the demo but now that I 've played the full version for about 60 hours -LRB- 82 % complete -RRB- , I 'm so glad I picked up this game .
 3 1/2 stars , actually ... I do n't know how well the ` open world ' thing works for this game . I prefer the more structured gameplay where the new events are opened by a win in one event ; I also miss the exploding cars you could detonate when you crashed , not to mention the ability to steer your wreckage and take out multiple cars . I also miss the crash/destruction mode . I guess I miss a lot of the things that made ` Burnout 3 ' & ` Burnout Revenge ' soooo great . The graphics in the newest version are great , but not much better than ` Revenge ' to me . But there is still tons of fun to be had in this sprawling city ; And while I missed the old stuff , there were still lots of blood pumping moments to be had . The speed is still crazy and the car selection is pretty nice . But still , no programmable soundtrack . Big mistake . They know everyone wants that feature , but instead we get a mixed bag of 80 's metal hits , current pop-rock , and techno . Overall this is fun , but very forgettable when it 's over . And that 's not always bad .
 Be forewarned that if you go into Burnout Pardise thinking that it is the same game as the others in the Burnout series , then you will be dissappointed . This is not the same Burnout that we have known and loved for so long . Burnout Paradise feels like a whole new racer , some new changes are good while others are bad . But because of these changes the game is losing a lot of its loyal fanbase and gaining a new one . And this is one of those games that divides people that love or hate it.This first major change is that Paradise , is the first open world racer in the Burnout series . Open world means that the map is completely accessible from the beginning of the game and you drive anywhere and do anything within this open world map . This is not a new concept in racing games , but it is new in the Burnout series . I love open world games in general so for me this was a huge plus as it adds lots of replayability . You can cruise around the whole city and go sight-seeing the HUGE map , Since the graphics have recieved an overhaul it looks beautiful , there are urban -LRB- city -RRB- areas and rural -LRB- countryside -RRB- ; there is always something new to see and explore.The other major change is the elimination of Crash Mode . They have replaced it with something called `` Showtime '' . Showtime can be activated at anytime during the game by pressing both bumper buttons at the same time . You will then see you car flip and tumble around as you guide it towards street traffic and crash into vehicles to cause accidents and earn points . Your car takes more damage as it hits each vehicle , but can continue tumbling around as a hunk of metal . It is so incredibly stupid of the game developers to replace Crash Mode with this unrealistically lame Showtime Mode - you can not even detonate your car anymore and Crashbreakers have been removed ! I have have to deduct a star on that premise alone . Crash Mode was one of the most fun and unique aspects within the Burnout series . I hope they bring it back in the sequel.Unfortunately , you can no longer check traffic -LRB- knock street vehicles out of your way -RRB- like in Burnout Revenge . The game developers instead made it more realistic and will punish you for hitting street traffic , a small hit will cause physical damage to your car , a full on collision will demolish it and rubbing against other vehicles can cause your car to swerve out of control . Now racing has become more dangerous because demolishing your car can cause you to loose preciouse seconds which give your opponents a lead and visa-versa , so now your true racing skills come into play . I miss checking traffic , but this does not bother me . Other people are divided on this issue however . But you can now play two new game modes called Stunt Run and Marked Man In Stunt Run you try to race and perform stunts for points while the clock is ticking . In Marked Man other players try to destroy the marked car before they reached the finsish line . I though both games are a lot of fun and expand on the gameplay.Loading screens are virutally gone thanks to streaming technology and joining a race is as easy as stopping at a traffic light and pressing both trigger buttons on your controllers at the same time . Then you are inside a race within seconds about to start . The process feels seamless in both single player and multiplayer online . However , the design that has angered a lot of players is when you join a race and lose the event you have to BACKTRACK all the way to that specific streetlight starting point . Which is a huge pain in the butt . There is no instant retry or replay of the event.Paradise has some major flaws but with it come major improvements which overall add to the replay value of the game . It is like a whole new experience ; I love the fact that it is open world , that the maps and cars look beautiful . The speed is still topnotch and I had tons of fun roaming around doing stunts by myself or with online multiplayer . It no longer feels like Burnout but still is an excellent racer . Burnout Paradise is loads of fun for all ages and I can see it attracting new fans.Pros : + Open world gameplay + Huge , beautifully designed map + Excellent multiplayer + Excellent controls + Excellent sound effects + Amazing graphics + Brutal crash animations + Stunt Mode and Marked Man Modes are fun + Virtually no loading times + Do stunts anywhere + Amazing speed is still there + Excellent racerCons : - Crash Mode is no longer there-Showtime Mode is TOTAL garbage-Backtracking to race again is a pain-You can not set waypoints-No longer feels like Burnout-Lots of trashy music tracksNOTE
 It 's not the same game ... It 's better and not as cartoony , it 's still alot of fun . the only problems I 've had , is no Co-op . It 's pretty freaking awesome . The Map thing is a little bit of a pain but I think that 'll get better with mor game play.I like it and if you do n't then go play something else and quit whining .
 All the bad reviews of this game on amazon are not fair , with people saying how different this game is compared to burnout revenge , that game was really good and so is this if you want to play revenge play revenge . If it were the same everyone would be complaining about how there is nothing new and that it was a waste of money , I think this game is a step in the right direction with its true high def graphics and I actually do love the open world aspect and how you can get cars unlocked by running them off of the road . I also love how big this game is I spent 2 hours just driving around setting online records and beating other people 's speed records for that particular road and finding jumps and other places like the stadium where you can do donuts on the field . I was getting lost during races but like the other guy said , it will get better as you play , one cool aspect is that the map beeps if your off course also the rear blinker indicates when you should turn but I was either too late or I was going to fast . The bottom line is you will have fun and you will not be bored if you buy this game , it is a must have in my book .
 I personally think this game has great playability . Though it does remind me a little of the of Need for Speed back in the day . That is n't a bad thing . It allows for more open routes and other various parts of the game . and the loss of the traffic takedown kind of sucks , but it does n't take away from the game . though I have not beat the game , I 've been enjoying exploring the games internal areas . All in all I say this game is great if you love racing games , but is not that great as a compliment to the series .
 I woudl have to recommend Burnout Paradise , the game has a ton to do . I enjoyed myself playing this game and the city is fun to explore . Now i have n't played all the burnouts thsi is my first one in a while so i dont miss the modes that others do but i liek the modes and events in Paradise . Online play is very fun with challenges and events to complete in 2-8 players , and just racing and freeburn wich lets you do whatever in the city tring to get the best rating or score for the rankings . Lots to find and unlock to keep you playing . Also the DLC they have released are great to add to the life of the game , and have been free , no clue if future ones will still be free but good to know your games will last a while after you been playing and unlocked everything , and for greedy EA .
 this game is a lot of fun . pay some xtra money and download the extra cars . my favorite is the night rider car . The only bad thing is it doesnt have multi-player and the destruction event like in revenge . get this game if your just looking for something different then hard gore racing games . PEACE
 Burnout Paradise for the 360 was my next step after owning Burnout 3
 Very fun game with great graphics . Alot to do in the game such as never ending wrecks where you can control the wreck and what your car does . Alot of fun and I would reccomend this game to everyone who likes racing games
 Coming from Burnout Revenge , Paradise was a big difference : GOOD-The fun is still there - ever crash is just as fun as it was in Revenge-I love the open world and the organic feeling it gives , versus selecting individual events from the menu-Paradise City is designed really well , with diverse landscapes and plenty of hidden areas to find-Unlike Revenge , each car seems much more unique
 This is one the most amazing games I have ever played . After playing the previous burnout games this one came as a sort of shock at first . I do n't have xbox live so I do n't this review is only based off my experience from playing offline . I have completed the game 100 % and there were only a few faults I could find in the whole game . These faults are so minor compared to the overall quality that I felt it would be wrong to take off a star for them.Faults : - no more aftertouch / crashbreaker . The Burnout team tried to make an cool part of the game better by making it it 's own event . It was a nice try but it would even better if they had put both things into the game . By itself Showtime is still fun and I love bouncy off of bus after bus in the downtown or in the tourist sections of Silver Lake.-The open world is extremely mind boggling at first . When you start out , you get lost all the time whether you get turn on the wrong road , getting stuck on railroads or freeways , etc. . This however , becomes irrelevent once you play the game enough.-the finishing points are all on the edges of the map . This is a problem because you quickly beat all the events around the finish lines meaning you always have to drive back to the center of town where most of the events are . It would have been nice if they included a finish line in the center of town maybe at the 5 way intersection.-no restart option . This is only a problem when you are trying to beat a specific race such as burning routes or when you only have a few events left such as when you are trying to get your elite license . I have noticed many complaints that people ca n't out of a race . This is a lie because all you have to do is hit the brake and idle for a couple seconds and you will exit the race.-no split screen . Yes I was disappointed but deal with the fact that it 's a one player game , stop whining about it.I would like to next state the amazing parts of the game that competely negate any of the problems stated above.-Knowledge of the city is very fun . It is so cool when , in the later stages of the game you have some sections of the city completely memorized and you know special routes to take from point A to point B . It makes the game get better as you go along.-It takes a long time to beat . I am a person who likes to beat a game before I get a new one . Since I do n't like spending big money every week on new games , this game was incredible . I spent a month or two playing this game before I finished.-great graphics . Any random car you hit is almost as superdetailed as your own.-huge open world . there is never a lack of area to drive around and discover . While I now know some areas like the back of my hand , others are almost foreign to me and there are some roads I have only traveled down a few times . It was really cool when I beat the and the cedits started rolling and I realized that the whole burnout team has a road or area of town named after them.-thrill of driving over 100 mph through crowded downtown . It can be very challenging navigating through the downtown in the middle of a race and there have been several times I have come close to screaming at the screen because of what I thought of as an unfair crash.I could go on for hours about this game but I am getting tired of typing so I will end this . I would recommend this game to anyone as long as they understand that this is not a game to beat in a weekend .
 This was one of the first things I got for my 360 . I was waiting and waiting for the superior PC version to come out , but after playing my brother 's copy , I gave in.This game is a steal . It 's a load of fun , has seamless online integration , and since its release , has had a number of free updates which added functionality . Some additional premium addon packs in 2009 only promise to keep it relevant longer.It 's one of those games that you can play nonstop until you get to a certain point , then find something else for awhile , but always drift back to from time to time .
 Great game . I love that graphics and it is a lot of fun to play .
 If you have ever been a fan of the Burnout series , you 're likely to fall in love with this one too . If you have n't had the pleasure of playing a Burnout game , then you may want to get a feel for it before buying it.For those familiar with the genre , Burnout paradise sticks to its fundamental feeling , while taking away some aspects and adding in new ones . First , the entire game is an open landscape , free-roam driving simulator . No more selecting races from a menu screen , now to drive up to a stop light , and tap the right and left triggers to initiate a race , road rage , marked man race , stunt challenge , or various others . Its executed well , while making it fun to learn the city while you drive around like a mad man . But this brings me to my major problem with the game . You HAVE to learn the city . Because of the open world aspect of the game , it applies to races , road rages , and everything else too . And this is where it gets problematic . Driving around at Burnout speeds , in a city that you do n't know , is troublesome . And it only adds to insult that whenever you crash you get bumped down some 2-3 very important seconds . And to top it all off , there is n't any sort of retry button . You take a wrong turn , you 're screwed , you ca n't just hit ` retry ' and be back at the beginning.And this brings me to my main point . For Burnout lovers , you 'll learn the city , and you 'll love the stunt mode , and you 'll love the game and everything about it , but for those who do n't , it WILL be frustrating . And while I myself thoroughly enjoy the game , I would recommend buying Burnout
 This game is alot of fun , but also very different from the other Burnout games
 My six year old just got this game for his birthday . The racing action is wonderful . Easy enough for him to handle , and yet still engaging enough for everyone to enjoy . Plus the difficulty between each level increases at an adequate pace.The textual dialog between races is written in a clear simply manner , perfect for young readers to understand and enjoy.If I had only one complaint - it would be that the story is based around Lindsey Lohan 's Herbie Character and not Dean Jone 's original .
 The kids got this game for Christmas from Santa and just love it , hours of entertainment . The only draw back was after about 5 hours of play my oldest had beaten the game .
 Purchased this for my 6 yr old grandson and he loves it . It 's not too hard for him and keeps him entertained for hours . Quality is excellent - no problems with the game itself .
 this is a fun game of racing and enjoy being herbie on race track.you need to get this game and play to race it 's fun , fun , fun .
 Speedy delivery . I have n't had a chance it install my game as of yet . I need to buy more memory . All sims games are hynotic it will keep you up late at night with dark circle under your eyes . I am between sims one and sims two on different computers I ca n't get enough of my games . Loving it great invention too bad you ca n't get it all on one laptop . This is a game you ca n't go wrong taking care of the little people .
 Ducktales is one of the very few games that prove that even the shortest game can succeed . There 's only 5 levels , and you repeat 1 , but those 5 levels are lengthy.The plot is that Scrooge McDuck , the richest duck in the world , wants to be even richer by traveling around the world , finding treasures.You can go to Transylvania , the Amazon , the Moon , the Himalayas , and the African Mines.Ducktales shares certain similarities to MegaMan , like the level selection , how the levels scroll when you fall , and how there 's a boss at the end of every level . In fact , Capcom made this game.The game is a nice side-scrolling platformer with impressive graphics and upbeat Capcom sounds and music .
 This was a very fun game . I 've always liked the cartoon when i was little no i had the chance to play the game . It was pretty fun . Scrooge McDuck is a whacky character . The story line was kinda lame . The object of the game is to collect all the legendary treasures . Of Course . It was a very fun game .
 This combination fishing/big game hunter Gameboy game was the perfect present for my almost 11 yr old son . He got the Gameboy Micro for Christmas and this game was a great addition to his collection of games . He likes the graphics and features of each game and it kept him totally involved during a road trip ! He went on and on about how much he likes it . I would recommend the game for ages 9 to 99 . This was a great value - 2 games for the price of 1 ! Thanks !!
 Being enthralled with this strangely obsessing game since discovering the Deluxe edition a few months ago , I was looking for a way to expand it after having installed Hot Date . Someone recommended House Party and then I discovered this expansion collection that also had Unleashed and got it . It was the best move I could 've done to add to my gaming.House Party may not be the best expansion ever but it is fun and it adds a whole lot of objects to the Sims . Also , I 've gotten the chance to see them do things I never saw them do before such as dance country music , rap , do the hula , crazily shake their groove things in dance cages , watch intently as an entertainer pops out of a cake , ride a mechanical bull -LRB- and be knocked off onto their butts -RRB- , and go completely berserk when Drew Carey 's limousine appears at the party -LRB- he 's nice , he stays and talks to all the guests -RRB- . It may not be as ample as other expansions but I 'd say it 's definitely worth it.Unleashed is a whoooole other thing . This may seriously be the best one ever . I had a feeling it would be just a cute game to get for the pets -LRB- I 'm very keen on all dogs , even computerized ones -RRB- but it ended up being the expansion I enjoy the most . If you do n't care for the pets and taking care of their needs or planting a garden -LRB- Actually , none of my Sims plant yet -RRB- , get it for the new and improved neighborhood and the ability to build houses without families living in them . Yeah , that 's right , you now have 40 lots to play around with ! This is the best feature ! And yes , you can go into the prebuilt houses , furnish them , change them or even build your own on the vacant lots and have them ready until you want to move in a family . Oh , and did I mention there 's 5 new career tracks ?? I could definitely go on and on about this but I 'll just leave it at this , I do n't think I could 've gotten an expansion collection that 's more fun and added sooo much to my gameplay . For that alone -LRB- as well as everything else -RRB- , I recommend it . Also , no technical problems getting it to work even though my computer is fairly old .
 I 've played both of these games and they 're a lot of fun . I personally like that you can have pets and its cool 'cause you get more and more cool things for your house . But you stay up late playing it , so you might say it 's addicting , but it really is n't -LRB- you just have to be forced off the computor , though -RRB- .
 Fun to play . Classic game that is still enjoyable . The Sims 1 has more charm then The Sims 2 or 3 .
 I love having animals in the game but it seems like your dog or cat will make friends with all of the animals wandering in your yard and invite them in . The house gets overrun with animals making it hard for the Sims to move about . Beware , the animals are very needy and unfortunately , since they are members of the household , the more animals you have the less people you can have in the house -LRB- there is a cap of 8 family members per household -RRB- . House party is fun and adds lots of new stuff to cheer my Sims up . It does n't really help with the making friends aspect but it 's fun to play with non-the-less .
 Fast delivery . Having install it yet . I do intend on playing it very soon just want to get them all . I just like my sims games . It 's fun to play like taking care of your animated people . Its sure to keep you up all night . I am so hooked on it .
 This game is a lot of fun . I also have The Sim 's Expansion Collection Volume 3
 When adding this game to the deluxe edition it makes the game so much better . Since I bought this game , I have not stoped playing it .
 both of these games are a great addition to your sims collection ! they are so lifelike , that you can even make a house that looks and feels like your own ! in this package , you can throw paties and have pets , too ! an overall GREAT game !
 I have been looking for a case for my great niece to put her GameCube and accessories in . This looks like the perfect carrying case . She already has a GameCube game case that holds 12 games that is put out by the same company . Once I get this case I might write another review . The reason I gave it four stars is because I do not have it yet .
 I do n't have it yet but from the other reviews it sounds great the only comment I have is the `` requirements '' -LRB- under the features -RRB- says it needs 2 AA batteries ... I do n't know why , all in all I 'd still try to get my Mom to buy it since I do n't have credit card .
 Ibought a game holder that can hold 40 games , I 'm not kidding . The holder is as big as 4 game boxes -LSB- thats how much the case can hold in the game pouch -RSB- . Its a great value with the game case !
 I originally bought this to carry my GameCube but then needed something to transport my Wii . I looked at all the cases they have for Wii and they all seemed too small . So I tried this out for my Wii and it is great . I fit 4 remotes , 2 nunchucks , the sensor bar , all the cords , the console and the stand . I could even fit 2 more nunchucks . I have to carry my games seperately but that is no big deal . Anyway , it is a great case for both the GameCube or the Wii .
 The bag I received was a different color than the pictured item on Amazon . Luckily , the all black bag I received looked better than the black and grey one pictured . The game system and accessories fit perfectly in the bag . There is a mystery mini loop on top of the bag that is really too small for a true handle once the bag is full , but there is also a regular shoulder strap that works fine .
 It looks like a camera bag ! It is high quality and has enough space for the GameCube . There is also a ring hook on the side where you can attach a small GameCube game case which will hold about 12 games . Great for traveling or just storing your accessories . : D
 A very handy carrying case to have when you go traveling somewhere . I love my Gamecube and take it almost everywhere I go so this is very helpful .
 it 's easy to bring our game cube along with us when we have a great case to cary it in . This case has a lot of room for what you need for the game cube
 I just got this case and I can fit the Gamecube , all of the cords , 2 controllers , and 1 game . There is still room for another game and 2 more controllers . You could fit a Gameboy Player if you detached it and did n't have a lot of other stuff . It is a little bit on the small size but it 's still a very good case .
 I just got one of these for Christmas and it 's a pretty nice bag . I can fit the Gamecube , cords and 2 controllers inside , and 2 games in the front pouch . If you did n't need the controllers inside you could stack up probably 6 games on top of the system . There 's an elastic web-net in the front pocket that must be for holding manuals or memory cards , would have been nice to have one on inside of lid to hold cards , or a zipper pocket on top of lid . And I just noticed there is a `` shelf '' you can fold down over the system to keep the controllers from banging against it
 I have been looking for a case to hold all of my Game Cube stuff , but I was wondering , will my game cube fit in even with a Game Boy Player attached ? Does anyone know ?
 ARE U GOING SOMEWERE AND WANT TO BRING YOUR GAMECUBE?WELL U CAN USE THE GAMECUBE SYSTEM CARRYING CASE.IT IS SAFE AND VERY DURABLE.THIS IS A VERY GOOD ITEM
 This is one sweet case . I bought this case for my son to put the Gamecube in that I got Him for Christmas . It 's a lot like a nice camera case with pouches , pockets and straps everywhere . It even has a shoulder strap and a hand loop . This bag has reduced my concerns about him taking the game over to his friends house to play . It has lots of room for the Cube , two or more controllers and pockets for several games and manuals . Ours even came with a high quality pouch marked gameboy advance that if not used for a gameboy , could be used to store accessorie cables in . This is the best bag I 've seen so far that passes as being truely portable and protective . It will allow him to keep everything in one place and safe . Highly recommended !
 I recently purchased the product for my brother for Christmas.Excellent for traveling and transporting , since it is a padded case and has an armstrap . While it may not look like there is much room , you might be surprised how much you can fit in it . The Gamecube fits snuggly at the bottom , with a ` shelf ' to protect it , and space above it to put controllers or games . There is also a front pocket with could probably fit two controllers -LRB- I have n't been able to stuff everything in , since that would surely bring attention - not great for a surprise Christmas gift ! -RRB- . I like the look of the case . I got the blue , but I believe it also comes in tan.I suppose there could have been more room , but I do n't have a problem with it . I like pockets , but this case keeps things from getting cluttered . You ca n't keep many games in it , so I would suggest getting the matching disc case -LRB- tiny and cute ; clips onto the outside of the case -RRB- . It holds 12 games , and costs $ 7 . I contemplated getting the metal locking case also on this site , but decided against it because of the locking mechanism -LRB- a pain ! -RRB- and you ca n't just slip a strap on your shoulder and go . -LRB- I also have a PS2 , and I would travel with both -RRB- . Overall , I suggest this case if you do n't plan on fitting all your games in the case itself .
 It looks nice , it 's convenient , and it seems to be well-made , though it 's a little smaller than I expected . Room for the system ; cords ; 1 controller and 3 games , or two controllers and no games . Maybe a little more if you really squeeze .
 I like it , but i rarely have to transport my GC , but when i do this is very helpful . Mostly i just put my games in there , though . The one problem is that its not that big . You can fit a gamecube in there , sure , but thats ALL you can hold . Well , you can fit in memory cars and a controller or two , but thats it . I think there should be room for GAMES !
 I got this case for christmas and used it . Now that i have gotten many more games i have realized 1 thing . After cramming all of my stuff into it theres only room for 4 games -LRB- full cases -RRB- . My solution to this was putting the 4 games in then looking for cheap minidisc cases . I found them at staples for 2 $ a 20 pack . Next i picked out games in which i did not need the books and put them into the cases . Finally i slid the cases in beside the other games and viola
 This Is great because I can Fit My game Cube and Acessories.People say you can only fit two games but thats not true . ... Buy this instead of a G pak Which is wasting your money
 we recently purchased this case for our son , and are very pleased with it.It is spacious enough to hold gamecube , power supply ,2 sets of cables ,2 hand controls , and 5 games in their original case.In the event , we get more games . I would suggest a case to store these small cds , and it can be tucked away in your carrying case.The quality is all there , and the price of $ 20.00 is very fair.In summary this case is GREAT !!!!!!
 The bag is a good carrying case . When I first got it I only had one game and that fitted perfectly , now I have about 10 and I have to put the others in a drawstring book bag to carry it . So there is not much room after you pack the GameCube and a game or two . But besides the room its very awesome , and it looks really cool !
 This gamecube carrying case is worth all the $ 20.00 dollars . I think it is worth atleast $ 40.00 for everything it does . I just got it with my christmas money and I can fit my gamecube , cable , 2 controllers and 2 games . Now when I travel with it there is no hassel with how to caryy them around . It can protect the gamecube without a srcatch on it because of the high quality material it is made of . Buying that carrying cases is one of the best $ 20.00 dollars I have ever spent .
 This Game Case is an Official Nintendo Licensed Product . It holds 12 Nintendo GameCube games . Featuring
 Yes , this is an official Nintendo case . It is cute and just the perfect size for the discs . It has a nice rubber Nintendo logo at the front . Small & very portable , you can slip it into your pocket . My complain about this product is that the sleeves inside is not sturdy enough . 3 of the sleeves are now ripped .
 I bought this case because the game cases were taking up too much space in the entertainment center . This handy case clips to the GameCube storage case , so I can keep the games with the system .
 Like with any original name brad item this fits how it should and is made with quality . I 'll be ordering more , as all my games did not fit in one . -LRB- HOLDS 12 GAMES AND 2 MEMORY CARDS -RRB- I ca n't complain it does n't hold more because it 's a old product that was made for travel only .
 OK-the tiles are lovely in either the Egyptian or Chinese versions and the graphics are great -LRB- fireworks , sandstorms , flowers and seasons -RRB- and you can make your own layouts or choose from a bazillion layouts , for mahjong solitare . Memory tiles basically `` Concentration '' but again you have those lovely graphics . And then you have Gravity Tiles-instant addiction . and it keeps changing because you change the way you play the game , and because you can choose from 3 different settings-from 3 to 5 different colors of tiles . Very enjoyable .
 I believe that the Mahjong tile game is the best of it 's kind ! It not only lets your mind work and figure out what tiles are where and what match . It also gives very good hand and eye coordination , because the clock is on you once you start and if you make a mistake it just might cost you the game . So be careful when playing this well designed game of concentration .
 OK , this was my first game with my first computer given to me by my siblings , some 10yrs ago . I had to replace it this year . I play this game to give me an indication of how my day will be . I get up at 4am to go to work and this game is a great indicator of how focused I 'll be all day long . I love this CD . STILL !!!!
 the so called '' kids revew '' is a pice of crap . i know i am i kid and i dont think kids play on collage pcs . also thats all crap , when i had dial-up my ping on BFV was 250 and under . now i have DSL and its 15 ping . i think ur just some dumbA 20 year old and needs to get a life . and o yes i forgot . the game is great lol got sidetracked there lol . its great youll play it 4 days on end .
 do not buy this expecting this as being a expansion pack in wich it is not . This is the same old vietnam game with updates that u could download for free
 Wow ! This is a really fun game . By the time I had this game in my hands , I was in gaming heaven . You see , here 's how the story started
 Buy it and play multiplayer . Online multiplayer play is free if you have an internet connection . I 've been playing for 9 months and it is hard to get bored of online play with this game .
 If you 're a fan of the origninal Battlefield series , this is your next fix : -RRB- What the !?! Who just sniped me !! Play it in the jungles , Freaking MOSQUITOES !!! Amazingly , enough people are still playing this on the free online servers to always be able to find a good game : -RRB- River boats , tanks , jeeps , motor scooters ; 0 , lots of helicopters and planes , flame throwers , AA guns , caltrops , . . awe yeah !
 Take on the Cong with full scale invasions , teamwork required.Or , insurge as the Viet forces , and CRUSH the oppressers!AK -47 - s to Huey Gunships , GGGET ERR DONNNNNE !! YYEAH!Fast paced deployment.Full integrated team commands , and still very popular online play.CULT CLASSIC
 Even next to knewer batlfield games , like battlefield 2 , I still think this is the best one in the series . it has great intense offline and online play , though some times the bots are idiotic , I still enjoy it . I think this is posibly the best vietnam simulation ever next to shell shock , witch is also a great game . Over all you should really by this game if you dont already have it .
 I bough this game here in Amazon in 2005 . Since 2002 I was only playing Counter Strike , Team Fortress , Day of Defeat , Doom e.t.c. CS , TF & DOD are amazing and I still play them . Since 2004 a friend of mine called Liquidmerc who I met in a CS tournament in 2003 was telling me about this new game called Battlefield Vietnam where I can do more then just shoot around and blow up stuff . He said I can jump in Helicopters and fire machine guns at the enemy , fly Helicopters like Hueys , KA25 , MI8 , Cobras , Chinooks , fighter-planes like MIG17 , MIG21 , A7 Corsair , F4 Thunderbolt , DC3-AC47 Gunship , Skyraider , Bombers , Transport-Planes , and ride other vehicles like Jeeps , Tanks , Armored-Vehicles and fire Missile and Rocket Launchers , Mortars , RPGs , Heat Seeking Missiles , Anti Aircraft Guns , Scooters , Gun-Boats and tons of other vehicles.The game is just amazing . It is the best game ever.Plus , there are free add on extensions called MOD like Point of Existence , World War II and more . POE has new aircraft and vehicles.Today in 2007 I am still playing BFV and its MODs and I am still not finished . I this is an ever lasting game.Its a must have game . Check out the videos of BFV , POE and WW2 on Youtube . You will see what an awesome game this is.The new games like BF2 and BF2142 are good but do not have the kick of BFV .
 I dont know what the lower guys issues with his connection are , I have 0 issues with ping , mine is always in the 130 range . Maybe you should stop DLing porn while playing multiplayer games.This is a great game , very fast paced and enjoyable . You can choose to enter any type of vehicle , while being more arcade than simulation , the action and craziness are well worth the low price offered by EA games ...
 This is the best game ever in the history of games . -LRB- maybe not better than Halo 2 , but nothing compares to that -RRB- I PLAY IT EVERY DAY , but my parents make me get off , but I could play 5 days strait if I wanted too on my own . The better the video card you have , the better the game works . For x-mas , I just got a brand new dell XPS , and it works really good . It looks like xbox 360 almost . It would be incretably better if you have a $ 500 video card , but I 'm not buying that.Anyway , the game is incretable . The different weapon SETS are M16 , Shotgun set , Mortar set , engineer set -LRB- three different kinds -RRB- , L.A.W. set , grenade launcher set , M16 sniper set , normal sniper set , and MANY MANY MANY MANY MANY MANY more . There are so many vehicles . The helicopters ar n't the best , but the planes are awsome . The manual says you can Airlift vehicles with a helicopter , but it 's impossible . That does n't matter though.The game is awsome . Get it . NOW . Today !!!!!!! You will not regret it . -LRB- warning . Game is so good , you may not want to get off and you 'll hurt your eyes really badly -RRB-
 well i might buy it if u do n't need the original battlefield vietnam to play this game .
 Whether you are young or old ; beginner or hardcore crosswords enthusiast , you 're going to be entertained by this game . I play a game a couple times a week . My mother , 83 , will actually touch the computer in order to play . And when my grandchildren were here for a week , one or the other was playing crosswords the whole time . It helps excercise the thinking processes , it 's educational and , above all , it 's fun .
 I purchased this on Ebay and had to play around with it a little to get it to work with my Tivo & router . I have a Medialink wireless router , and I had to change the security mode on the router by disabling the WPA . I have to play around with it to see if it will work with another setting , but thought I 'd mention it to heads up others who think this will always be a plug & play scenario . I do n't like my Wifi signal just being out in the open , so I 'll have to remedy that , but I admit it was awesome seeing TIVO update so quickly and not have to manually plug it into the phone jack .
 I purchased this item in order to connect my TIVO Series 2 to my home network and it worked flawlessly . Connecting the device was as simple as plugging the power in , and then plugging in the USB connector to the TIVO . From within TIVO , I entered the appropriate password for my home wireless router and I was done . TIVO connects and I 'm in business !
 This is one great network adapter . I bought this many years ago , and have used it with my Tivo Series two and both have worked flawlessly with my home network . I dont know what I would do without it , and dont know what I will do should it ever give up the ghost ! So far so good !
 This thing was truly a snap . Even on an old bargain-basement cheapie 366-PII that I bought for a toy , with a flakey DVD-ROM drive , it installed with PNP and was talking to my Belkin wireless router and had me surfing into my usual websites in a couple of minutes !
 Wireless depends so much on environment , but here in the burbs , in a nice old brick co-op , I have this device sharing my upstairs neighbor 's broadband connection , via her Linksys wireless router . Signal strength is showing pretty low , but even fixing the TxRate at 11Mbps works beautifully , with no lost frames . There 's an auto setting to optimize the TxRate in the event of an unreliable signal , and 11Mbps is way more than broadband needs , AFAIK.The installation under Win98 was accomplished seamlessly , truly PNP ; it hopped right on the network and got all the info it needed from DHCP . Which reminds me , always restrict access to -LRB- and encrypt -RRB- your wireless network , unless you want to give free bandwidth to any chucklehead in a 200 ft radius . This chucklehead helps his neighbor with her computer pretty often and I plan on proposing that I continue to do so free of charge and/or share the costs . Power to the people!Update
 I bought this because it 's one of the few -LRB- only ? -RRB- wi-fi adapters that will work my old Power Mac G3.So far I 'm very pleased . It 's very small - almost as small as a pack of cigarettes . It 's also USB-powered , so no power cord to worry about , although you ca n't plug it into a non-powered hub or a keyboard . Not a problem for me . The Mac OS X -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- driver utility is simple and works great . It seems to have good range ; it gets full strength with my Microsoft router 50 feet away -LRB- through a couple walls -RRB- . It can lie flat or wall-mount , which is nice.Handy tip
 We have a 3-computer wireless network set up -LRB- all belkin -RRB- and I got ta say . . it kicks . The wireless router is on the main floor connected to my cable modem and the 3 computers are one level up . Even still , I get a great connection 95 percent of the time . The only downside is that about once a day , I get disconnected and need to reset the router . I 'm not sure of the exact cause -LRB- whether I should blame the adapter or the router itself -RRB- . Overall , the pros definitely outweigh the cons This wireless adapter is a great addition to the network and i 'll never accept anything else !
 I paired this with a LynkSys Wi-Fi router , and got my wife 's computer on my broadband connection in record time -- and the price was right , too.Simple to install , no complicated software to set up , and it works . What else do you need to know ?
 Wireless depends so much on environment , but here in the burbs , in a nice old brick co-op , I have this device sharing my upstairs neighbor 's broadband connection , via her Linksys wireless router . Signal strength is showing pretty low , but even fixing the TxRate at 11Mbps works beautifully , with no lost frames . There 's an auto setting to optimize the TxRate in the event of an unreliable signal , and 11Mbps is way more than broadband needs , AFAIK.The installation under Win98 was accomplished seamlessly , truly PNP ; it hopped right on the network and got all the info it needed from DHCP . Which reminds me , always restrict access to -LRB- and encrypt -RRB- your wireless network , unless you want to give free bandwidth to any chucklehead in a 200 ft radius . This chucklehead helps his neighbor with her computer pretty often and I plan on proposing that I continue to do so free of charge and/or share the costs . Power to the people !
 According to Macintouch , Belkin provides Mac OS X and 9 drivers . Can anyone tell me how well this works with a Mac ? I 'd buy one immediately for my old tangerine iMac -LRB- it 's the only computer left out of my wireless network at home . -RRB- . I did see a comment that it did n't play well with an Airport Base Station ... how about Linksys ? Thanks , and if I decide to buy , I 'll update this to reflect my experience .
 Bought this item to go with my TiVo system and it works great . I plugged it in and my system recognized it immediately . It took less than 60 seconds to get my TiVo connected to my Belkin wireless system . The network connection allows me to program my system remotely online and avoid the need to provide a phone connection .
 After having had both the Belkin Router and the Linksys Router in the house -LRB- had to switch due to DSL provider -RRB- and having had both Belkin and Linksys PCMCIA and USB adapters I can summarize very quickly : Maximum distance from the transmitter in our setup is about 90 feet , across two floors.The PCMCIA adapters are really flaky at this distance . Rather than the 11Mbs , we often see it drop down to 5.5 , 2 , even 1 . They are sensitive to angle and obstacles . The USB adapters can be placed up to 5 feet away such that they have a good `` path '' to the transmitter.This Belkin USB outperformed all other three units as it always gave the strongest signal . Noticeable better performance doing anything on the network or over the DSL modem.But - here 's the caveat
 I have this working just fine right now on my Mac G4 desktop with Tiger . HOWEVER - I downloaded the driver for 10.2 and installed the adapter , and THEN upgraded from 10.2 to 10.4 . I know they do n't yet have a driver for 10.4 available , but if you can get it to work with a eariler OS then it can work in 10.4
 Since Apple stopped manufacturing the original airport card , they are way overpriced on eBay . You ca n't use Airport Extreme for the G3 iBooks , either . This is one of the few wireless adapters that has Mac OS X drivers.Obviously , not as aesthetically pleasing as an airport card or even a smaller keychain-sized USB adapter , but hey it works for $ 25 . I 'm on Mac OS X 10.2.8 with a Netgear router . I had a bit of trouble getting it to connect to the internet , but with a bit of trial and error got it to work by changing my router settings to `` open system '' auth and `` allow SSID broadcast '' . Downside is that since the iBook is USB 1.0 , traffic thru this device is rather slow -- much slower than the theoretical 11MBPS that 802.11 b supports
 My eMac 's ethernet port died after lightning storm , so I bought this bad boy to be able to hook it up . It just worked . The software for OS X works great and I had no problems connecting to a NetGear router . The OS 9 drivers are a bit weird and the documentation is nasty.This is just what I needed , have been using it for two weeks without any problems . Could not verify the drops that others have witnessed because the adapter is 3 feet away from the router . If you are looking for a wireless network adapter that works with OS X -LRB- 10.3.5 for me -RRB- , this is the one to get . ============= Update after a -LRB- almost -RRB- a year
 I 'm buying another one of these for my Mac because my Sony TiVo Series 2 SVR-3000 just acquired Software Version 4.0-01-2-110 and it works flawlessly with a Linksys WAP . -LRB- The Belkin software for Mac is nice if you do n't have an AirPort Basestation because it can convert an alphanumeric password to hexidecimal and vice versa . AFP works too . -RRB- Attached to the TiVo , the Belkin works great using TiVo Home Media Option and Rendezvous . I have streamed iTunes and iPhotos pictures from my PowerBook G4 with an AirPort card and iMac with an AirPort Extreme card . -LRB- Tip
 I really like both CD ROMS . It is very different than the original ... more graphics , more choices , and more questions . I did not like the fact that the voices are different from the original version . The new voice just does n't work as well .
 A good buy for both of these games as opposed to buying them indvidually , but if you already have the Jumbo Pack , buy `` Louder , Faster , Funnier '' separately . Otherwise you 'll duplicate `` Offline '' . Still my favorite pc game . I play all 9 cds all the time .
 Did you want Offline ? Or Louder , Faster , Funnier ? You need You Do n't Know Jack 2001 . You will get them both . Each including 1000 questions . So if you want the new JACK games on the block , -LRB- And i 'm not kidding -RRB- Get You Do n't Know Jack 2001
 You need this game ! As one of Blizzard 's closed beta testers , I have been playing an online beta version of the first Act for about a month now and the game is incredible.Despite being in 640 by 480 resolution , Diablo II is graphically astounding even on a larger monitor . The light sourcing , environmental effects , and spell effects are nothing short of stunning . The gameplay is addictive . Once you 've played online , you 'll find yourself losing hours of sleep as you play `` Just one more game ... '' with your internet pals.With 5 characters to choose from , there 's something here to suit everybody 's tastes . With rare , collectable items involved in the game ; trading between players online will prove to be a very interesting aspect in Diablo 2 . These special classes of weapons/armor coupled with randomly generated Wilderness/Dungeon areas and 3 difficulty levels will make for hours of gameplay beyond your initial trip through the world of D2.On top of all this , the ` Hardcore ' option allows daring gamers to create special characters who only live once online . -LRB- As opposed to standard characters who can die , but are revived in town . -RRB- Hardcore characters play exactly the same as standard characters , but once you 're killed you stay that way . In the beta test , it has been proven that the death of a well known high level Hardcore character sends ripples through the online community as people begin to realize they too are mortal ... As far as buying the Collector 's Edition over the regular version of Diablo 2 , I 'd say it 's worth the extra cash for the included Soundtrack CD alone . Blizzard 's composers have proved with each successive game that they make some of the best music in the industry . The music from this game is no exception to that rule.Obviously , the small space allowed to me for this review can not possibly do this game justice so for more information you might want to drop by the unofficial homepage ...
 I was one of the lucky few to recieve this product back when it was first offered . The soundtrack was excellent , as was the DVD . Even though the DVD only showed the 5 movies of each act -LSB- Including Epilogue -RSB- , it also has several trailers , including Warcraft III , Starcraft and Brood Wars , and a few others.Unfortunately , the bonus material included where you can randomly assemble dungeons in a table-top game was not to my liking . Fine for its own spinoff , but Dungeons and Dragons is not solely about combat . I feel a lot of roleplaying may be lost ... but maybe that 's just me.All in all , an excellent purchase .
 Everything Blizzard makees turns into gold . Whether it be Warcraft , Starcraft or the original Diablo , every game is amazing.The same holds true for Daiblo 2 . The 3 years it took to develop is well worth it . The game is engrossing and amazingly fun to play . It spans an epic 4 disks and will take you forever to beat . Add to that the best multiplayer in a game I have seen yet and you have an automatic game of the year . The extra features of the speacial edition are cool , but it really comes down to if you want the programers autorapphs and a dvd movie . I dont , but its up to you . I know one thing , and thats that this masterpeice of a game is well worth your time and money with a great story , amazing graphics and hours of gameplay . This badboy will be a force to be reckoned with .
 Playing it for the first time , I found it performed very well on my P2-300 , 64MB RAM . It look plays even better on a 3dfx card . It begins with an amazing cinematic sequence that fills many of the plot gaps for those unfamiliar with Diablo I . The actual gameplay is the same system of mouse commands , the interface very similar , but less obtrusive -LRB- eg . when talking to somebody , the text is not screen-sized , but specific to the part of the screen in which that character is located -RRB- . The level upgrade system is more logical , less mathematical . The weapons actually appear diffirent when you hold them - a short sword is not identical to a dagger when weilded by the character . I have n't had a chance to play all the characters -LRB- the game is VERY long -RRB- , but they seem very distinct , with varying , but well balanced strangths and weaknesses . As before , however , the general tradeoff is speed and magic for brute strength.I 've come across 100 's of distinct weapons , armor , and magic items in the first level only , so I guess there may be 1000 or even more ! The soundtrack is eerie and differs in each level . The sounds of dripping water and moaning add true realism to this game when played late at night!The graphics are far from state of the art , but very decent -LRB- I assume this was either 1 -RRB- to keep the size of the game down or 2 -RRB- because it 's been in production for so long -RRB- , and I found myself grateful for my 3Dfx card , which greatly smooths out the gameplay -LRB- I do n't know if it is neccessary on a faster machine , but it is supported nevertheless -RRB- . This game is the crowning jewel of my collection . From the depth of the storyline which is , literally years in the making , to the subtle wit and plot twists that are so obviously showing of hard work and dedication . I this is a game i will be playing for a long time . Buy it now !
 This is not the ordinary version of Diablo II that is usually seen on the shelves in stores . The box alone is almost twice the size of the normal . With this version , you get a few extra items . Among them , is the CD , which has the background music from the game . It is best described as mood music , with an eerie feeling to it . Another item you get is the DVD , which has all the cut scenes on it . My recommendation is not to watch this until you have beaten the game in normal difficulty . It will be a spoiler if you do.As my friend said , this collector 's edition will haunt your room if you keep the box in sight . It almost seems as though the box is looking at you in the darkness enticing you to play it . Be warned though about Diablo II ... it is known to be addictive , causing countless hours of sleeplessness , possible relationship problems with your significant other , not to mention your job security . If you can withstand the temptations , it 's a lot of fun to destroy Diablo & enjoy a good multiplayer game with your friends .
 Okay , you may be thinking , `` Oh , here 's another guy who 's going to tell us all about a game that has n't even come out yet . '' You 're right but , I am a beta tester . You see , I am a Stress Test Beta Tester which means that I am testing the Battle.net capabilities for Diablo II . Now , the beta only holds the barbarian as the character of choice and there are only two quests to beat but , from what I 've seen , if the barbarian was the only playable character in the game , the product would be worth buying . I 'm guessing that there will be about 6 quests per act , there are four acts , this means 24 quests per character . There are 5 characters , multiply this by the 24 quests and you have 120 quests ! Wow ! Plus , there are so many skill upgrades and ways to change your weapons . That 's quite alot of stuff in one game . So far , the only problem I have with the game is that the servers are not quite perfected but , this is the reason for a Stress Test , to TEST the servers . This game isamazing now and will be amazing when the time comes to release the full version . Hopefully , everyone will rethink their decision for giving this game less than a 5 star rating . Also , has Blizzard ever put out a bad game ? I think not ! The Warcraft sereis , Diablo , and the Starcraft series ! I ca n't wait until Warcraft III comes out , and there will probably be a Starcraft II , also ! Whenever Blizzard makes a product , I , as a customer , will purchase knowing that I have bought a game I will enjoy and that will last me a long time . Thank you Blizzard for all your hard work over the past years and here 's to more years of making enjoyable games !
 If you do n't already have Diablo II , GET IT ! It will provide hours of fun for all players . I hope you enjoy this game !
 THE BEST RPG GAME I EVER PLAYED !!! Read all the other 5-star reviews , I am pretty sure it 's all cover there .
 Far below the planet 's surface lurks the Evil Empire . Its loathsome , smelly hordes of Mad Monks exist only to steal treasure from the kindly people of the surface , and to shred anyone who tries to steal it back ... in other words , you . You 're Jake Peril the Lode Runner , fearless treasure hunter . Your job is to infiltrate the Evil Empire and win back every stolen coin , trinket , and gemstone . You 'll be running , climbing , and digging your way through a labyrinth of subterranean dangers and relentless swarms of Mad Monks . Your speed , strength , and cocky attitude will help ... but only your quick wits and cunning will get you through this mission alive ! `` So Many Ways to Play ... Set off on a solo adventure through 12 underground worlds . Thirty all-new mind-mangling levels bring the total to 180 single-player puzzles!Challenge one of your friends to head-to-head games through 120 brand new two-player levels . Play on the same computer , or compete through a modern or network.Build your own custom Lode Runner levels in the Game Generator . Send them to your friends!Tricky new Phaze Bricks , Liquid Tiles , regenerating Bombs and other surprises will keep you hopping !
 I think the graphics are excellent and I love the tour mode , its so cool . I like the courses that the game supplies you with . So on a overall reveiw , I would give this a 5 star rating and 1 of the best golf games ever .
 If your looking for a realistic golf game , this is my favorate and most likely will become one of yours . Sure there are some bugs but Sierra has patches that fixed the initial problems I had -LRB- one of the reasons I love Serria games -RRB- . The ability to make your own courses is both fun and challening . The ability to compete in single payler seasons is great fun for single palers . The graphics are great and play is smooth .
 Fantastic game , computer graphics outstanding . True swing , I 've found '' THE BEST '' Closest to the real thing.I ca n't get enough . Just ask my wife !! I 'm happy to report I shot a 13 under on your Coeur d' Alene Resort Golf Course Sierra keep up the good work !!!
 Please understand that this is my first golf game , so my comments should be understood in that context . I never thought I could have so much fun with a golf game . It took me over two years to convince myself to try one and I do n't regret it at all . The mouse swing is fabulous . Instead of having to click on a meter of sorts to guage your shot , you just move the mouse to strike the ball , and it is a very intuitive thing . You pull back on the mouse to begin the swing and then move it forward to strike the ball . On screen the golfer holds the club and follows the mouse movement . You dont have to click the mouse during the swing . The faster you move the mouse , the longer the shot and vice-versa . You have to take into account the wind velocity and direction , and try not to slice or hook it . Very nicely done.The only annoyance I have is that the game will sometimes crash for no apparent reason . A message will appear stating that the program has performed an illegal operation and will shut down , and the next thing you know you 're looking at the desk top . Every time this has happened , I have gone back to the game and I will see a message which states the game was abnormally shut down , and asks if I would like to resume play . I click `` yes '' and I pick up exactly where I left off . The scores are intact , the hole the same etc.All in all , this is a very enjoyable game .
 I like this game , do n't play anything else on the computer . I am a golf nut and I like how this one works and the detailing .
 YDKJ Louder ! Faster ! Funnier ! is a sequel to YDKJ Offline . As always the trivia is fastpased and sarcastic , which is to be expected from the PC series . This one however is more true to the You Do n't Know Jack Netshow game in which the game is based . This time , you are able to choose categories at the beggining of the game . Depending on which one you choose , depends on which questions you get , a little like The Netshow and THE RIDE-the best YDKJ game . At the end , you can even set this categpry in a favorites list to play later . Unlike OFFLINE your host has been replaced with Schmitty , who does a fair job , but is n't NEARLY as much fun as host Cookie was in the previous installment . Again , much like the previous installment , many of the jokes and sounds have been mostly taken from earliar games . Questions are new however to those unfamiliar with Netshow . Visual effects in between questions , and some of the sounds are much flashier and snappier then previous games , but I would have preferred more jokes . The Pissed about a Question feature is back as well as another new question type called Whendithap ` en , which is simialar to the Threeway game from Volume 3 . YDKJL!F!F ! is still a fun game regardless of the repeated sound use from older games . I enjoy it a lot , but for the best JACK experience , I STRONGLY suggest THE RIDE .
 The newest installment of You Do n't Know Jack is indeed a lotof fun . Heck , I play all 9 CDs with an alarming degree of frequency.As the previous comment said , this is very much like the online game , where you choose an overall subject for your game at the beginning . Then you play the game like normal . Well almost normal . In the other games you choose between a 7 and 21 question game while in here you play 15 -LRB- the online version does too for those who never played it , neither tell you ahead of time about the change -RRB- ... Also Schmitty hosts this like he does the netshow -LRB- he has n't hosted on CD since the TV CD and parts of the Ride -RRB- . Also we have a new person setting up the game for you , Raul has been replaced by Sandy . By the way , for those of you who only play the netshow , all the questions on the netshows are repeats of questions from the other cds so you might care to buy the entire series so you can have fun playing this without needing your internet connection ... Enjoy an overall welcome addition to the Jack family .
 YDKJ L ! F ! F ! is a hilarious , fun , and fast-paced game . However , it is not much of an improvement over previous JACK games . It is not worth buying if you already have YDKJ .
 As a hardcore fan of the You Do n't Know Jack series since it 's inception almost five years ago , I was pleased to see the Jack gang at Jellyvision took a different turn after suffering from the disappointing Offline addition . Almost everything except the familiar format is different and just as fun as the original version . Jack continues to thrill audiences with it 's irreverent humor and fast paced playing style . The game is great , but maybe a different format would give this ditty a top five star rating .
 Fun game . But ... `` Louder , Faster , Funnier '' repeats the same exact games/questions ... not too fun . Stick with the first edition/original , it 's the best .
 Sometimes you can never have a YDKJ game without more touch . You want Netshow ? Than get Louder , Faster , Funnier ! It 's got a lot of stuff to get you in the game . There is a new question type . It 's also got the funniest question type . -LRB- ... -RRB- about a question question where they take a letter about something wrong with a question and put a question about it . This and offline are like the best . Get them . Or Mic -LRB- The bald guy -RRB- , will get you ! This YDKJ game contains 1000 questions from the ever so popular YDKJ Netshow . It is lear that that series is the best trivia games out there . -LRB- ... -RRB- And when you start playing remember this . YOU REALLY DO N'T KNOW JACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i looked forward to getting this for a long time , and when i finally did , i was not disappointed at all ! These two expansion packs include many new objects , outfits , walls , floors , roofs , and much more ! I urge you to buy this product , and HAPPY SIMMING !!!! : - -RRB-
 This game is the best ! Not only do you get the awesome Superstar where you become famous , but you also get Vacation where your Sims can go on a lovely family vacation ! When I got this game in the mail ... Ohmigosh !!! Not only was it -LRB- and still is -RRB- a ton of fun , it also is really cheap and runs completely smoothly on my computer ! I was not disappointed , and neither will you ! As a review above stated
 Sims games are addicting , I love them . I like all of the add ons that come with this game . This game provides endless possibilities and lots of ... hours of gameplay , or years !
 This is a good quality game and it 's played a lot in our household . We play one-person `` Mahjong '' very often here -LRB- maybe too often ? -RRB- and everyone from the adults to the 8 year old is hooked on this particular game . There 's a two person version as well , but it 's not as big of hit in our household . The graphics on the tiles are detailed , so this may not be a game for laptop size screens , but works just fine on regular larger monitors . You 've also got the option to choose different tile graphics and layouts , which might help . One reason we purchased it is so that it could be played both on the Mac and the MS PC and it does that well . It has some fun sounds as the tiles are matched and removed . If you have the CD in , you get the sounds . Without the CD , no cute sounds , but the game goes faster , so it depends on what you want . I like the quality , the flexibility , and the challenge of the Mahjong game offered in this CD .
 I almost did n't buy it because other reveiws said the game lacked an undo feature . Perhaps in older editions , but the one I bout last week has an undo for every game I 've tried so far.This game is tremendously varied . It will take months of steady play to go through every game once . The MaJong tiles even have an option where you can design your own layouts , if you ever get tired of the ones they have.And you can decide to play with someone elso , too ! I 'm glad I 've got it -LRB- although it may take more of my time than it should ! -RRB-
 This is the 2000 release of the Hoyle title with added variations in both solitaire and mahjong games . With 50 solitaire and 60 MJ choices , you 'll probably find one or two new ones to try.The mahjong game is for one or two players . For those of you looking for the 4 player traditional table game , THIS IS NOT IT .
 When I lived at home with my parents , I had this game on my computer . That copy had long since been lost in moves since then . This one was purchased so Dad could have it on his laptop . Mom & Dad both love playing this . Dad = Tiles . Mom = Solitaire . I have it since on my laptop at home & after 10 years , I still enjoy playing both as well . There are so many different layouts on the tiles , you will not get bored . The same is true with the Solitaire - there are so many different games to play.This is a great game to have !
 Hello ... my name is Kelly ... I would just like to say that i think this software is excellent and extrememly good ... the only thing that i wish was that there were even more games for everyone to enjoy the fun of !!! haahaa !
 The game plays alot like Age of Empires 2 , but with alot more stuff . I 'm not a Starwars nerd and i thought the game was cool .
 this game is awesome , the best ! I play it all the time ! Anyone who thinks this game is n't good has a problem
 I will agree with some here . This game is involved and engaging . It does require LOTS of time to complete . You will click your finger off . This is just part of the game . The only game you can compare this to is the game it was built on ... Age of Empires II . If you like AOEII , you will like this game as well . If you like Star Wars , you will LOVE this game . That is what makes this game fun , it is NOT like all the other games . I enjoyed Starcraft and Warcraft . But this game is much more than these.Unlike others below , I have had no problems running the program in OS9 or OSx . Never crashed once . I use a B&W G3 upgraded to G4 with the stock Rage 16mb card.At first I thought this game was going to involve `` micromanagement '' . With the 4 resources you need , you will never look for something to do . However , I find these things necessary to the game and did not tire in collecting them . I found the standard campaigns to be challenging and fun . Frustrating at times , but rewarding . I think the thing to remember is to keep an open mind and not box yourself into thinking this game has to be like all the others . It is refreshing to have something different . Also , you do not need to just do what the game tells you . You can start a single player custom map and do what you want . The options are many with this game.Kudos to Aspyr for the conversion of this game and the upcoming Clone Campaigns . Mac users should feel grateful and support companies like this .
 If you have played Age of Empires II , it wo n't take very long to get the hang of this game . However , that might make this game boring if you 've worn out your interest of that game . Even so , the AE II engine has been completely reworked into the Star Wars Galaxy , with much of the familiar characters , vehicles , and planets of the movies . Playing the scenarios lets you use various main characters such as Darth Vader and Chewbacca . Many sound bytes have been used from the various movies , though a few get overused , especially the `` Ahh !! '' when some units get killed . The graphics are decent and it ran well on my G4 400 which is getting too slow for most newer games.Despite the fact that most of the game feels like Star Wars , it would have been interesting if more unique units and features were available since in regular game play , it does n't matter how many resources you have gathered or how advanced your technologies are , you are n't going to get the Millennium Falcon or a Star Destroyer . At least you can get an AT-AT or X-wing . Overall , I recommend Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds , especially for Star Wars fans . I just have to wonder if there is a Spaceballs mod out there somewhere ??
 Anyone who 's a fan of games built from the Age of Empires engine will get a kick out of this game . It 's Age of Empires , except with Star Wars characters ! While that might not be the MOST original game idea you 've heard lately , it certainly got me to buy it . Oh , and the background music is based on John Williams ' great movie themes , which means you do n't get completely sick of it after an hour of gaming . Granted , the Mac version does n't have the expansion pack that is out for PC 's , but we Mac gamers are used to that.I 've worked my way steadily through the various pre-defined missions and I must say that this game makes you think , hard , about how and when to put your forces to the test against the enemy . Some of the missions are no-brainers , and many of them are fairly linear , but the story lines are solid and the difficulty of the higher-level missions will keep you locked in for hours at a time.The variation in the units is n't what it could be . Basically , a ground troop is a ground troop , regardless of whether you 're playing as the Trade Federation or Wookies . And it seems like too often , you MUST achieve the highest tech level before you can accomplish the mission goals , including upgrading your existing units as much as possible . But for me , that keeps things more intense as I have to search far and wide to come up with the resources to make this happen.Highly recommended to any Star Wars or Age of Empires fan !
 Galactic Battlegrounds is not the most innovative product available
 Found this conversion on Amazon and thought I 'd give it a shot . It works great ! I wish Aspyr made more for the Mac
 I bought this game a few months ago just after I got my G4 PowerMac . This is a very fun game to play . It is kind of like Rise of Nations in the Star Wars Universe . This year I have become a big time RTS fan . When my older brother saw how cool this game is while I was playing it , he bought the PC version for himself . I recommend this game to those who both like Rise of Nations and Star Wars.I am very happy , Webmaster Mark
 The `` Sim Mania for Kids by Electronic Arts '' Is a wonderful fun addictive game which involves Taking your Sims and giving them the time of their lives or make them DIE . This software game is a wonderful game all Sim lovers will love . It has absolutly wonderful Graphics . Intense 3-D Graphics and The Sound Graphics rule this is a very addictive game once you get the hang of it so bye it for only -LSB- price -RSB- ! also it has `` SIM ANT '' , `` SIM TOWN '' , `` SIM TUNES '' , It also has 3 more wonderful SIM games ! :-RRB- !
 This game is AWESOME !!! I really like it . You have much to think about when playing so if you want a fun thinking game with exitment and it never ends .
 My kid had bugged me awhile for this game , so I looked around and found a new box even . I did n't realize it was that old of a game . I have an older Mac and this is an OS 9 game but plays pretty good in Classic . Turns out my kid used to play with it in Elementary School and every one kept fighting to play it so he hardly ever got to use it . Well , at least I was the best Dad in town , for a couple of weeks anyway .
 Very Satisfied with this bundle pack . Graphics smooth on my toshiba laptop with 1.7 qig pcu ; 128 meg intel video card . Nascar was not compatible with my video card but the other games were still fun to play . Rosters are n't up to date , but i 'm not a big sports guy so that doesnt matter . over all , fun game 's and great deal in this bundle .
 I am happy I bought this because of NBA and Madden , but NHL and Nascar are unplayable and I uninstalled them both after 2-3 games . I actually threw Nascar into the garbage.I upgraded computers and thus upgraded from NBA and NHL 2001 to these versions . Here are my honest but succinct reviews : The 2004 5 Pack includes : NBA Live 2004 - which is a great game , very fun , great graphics.Madden 2004 - which is a very good game , very good graphics , decent playability.Nascar Thunder 2004 - which is totally unplayable.NHL Live 2004 - which is nearly unplayable . NHL 2006 is awesome !! Tiger Woods 2004 - which I have n't tried yet.Hope this helps . Good luck .
 This is a great item . I had it up and running in 2 minutes and was reading from my hard drive via the usb in no time . The quality is n't the best , but what do you expect for $ 20 ? It does work on vista , you just have to right click on xplorer360 and run as administrator and it works perfectly . Very cheap , talismoon direct shipped monday i got it friday . A+D ylan
 I used to have one of these until i broke it . I bought another one because i would choose it over the others . Xport 's at least cost $ 40 if not $ 50 or $ 30 . Its good to use for your game saves like CoD WaW and CoD 4 and GTA IV . No one wants to do stuff over again so products like this one are good for that kind of situation .
 Works great . I was able to easily transfer data from my old xbox to my 360 . Thanks
 Just what everyone wants for their Xbox 360 , especially if they want to back-up their game saves . If you want an easy way to back up your games , this is the product for you . I recommend this to anyone and everyone that needs a way to make more space on their Xbox 360 hard drive .
 I had a good time playing this game , it was not like some of the games that are short , this one was pretty long . Lots of different places to visit and puzzles to solve . I think it was a great adventure game .
 Great mystery game . A little violent for my taste . Also it got a little monotinous having to go back and forth conversing with other characters in order to move forward in the game .
 I knew what the game was - so I got exactly what I expected . The game is full of beautiful graphics and I just wanted to have fun going through . I completely rest playing the game - just what I needed for my vacation . The only thing was that the main character is sometimes rude and he speaks in some rather irritated tone - I think that the main character should be more patient and kind , something like Nancy Drew . But everything else was fine .
 I enjoyed this game , fun puzzles , challenging , long play time , challenging.worth the money
 This game is a must-buy for Adventure Game Players . No other adventure game genre has such length and details . There are a few tricky puzzles to overcome that will try your patients . Everyone who I have talked with says this is there favorite adventure game . There are many chapters . Most recent adventure games are too quick to play and are not always worth the money .
 Starlancer and Crimson Skies are the reasons I bought this game . As a flight sim and space sim fan , I could 'n pass up this bargain .
 Seems a little weird , all that work you did getting Ian Dresari into power , and now you got ta fix that mistake . Well , you 're a mercenary now and that does n't matter anymore . You start out with some lighter mechs now instead of a shadow cat , but eventually you 'll get upgraded . There are several new Mechs and new weapons -LRB- X-Pulse lasers rule -RRB- . Nothing as far as mechs or weapons have been left out , everything that was in MW4 is still here . Graphics are as good as MW4 , and gameplay is definately better . More communication with tac-officers just lends more flavor to the game and reminds you that nothing ever goes right in a war . Tactics you used in MW4 work the exact same -- never charge into a group of enemy mechs or they 'll team up and waste you , lancemates still do n't know what Mech repair bays are -LRB- argh ! -RRB- , and never run directly at a calliope turret . Theres new vehicles too , including a tank with two new surprises for you , to clarify , two AC/20 's . As far as equipment goes , you dont ' always get to keep what you find . Since you ai n't running the show , if the boss says you get medium mechs , that 's what you get , even if you salvaged an atlas in a mission . Also , certain events might cause you to lose equipment -LRB- like your base coming under surprise attack and you got ta evacuate , etc -RRB- . weapons that have been destroyed in battle are lost forever , and mechs with severe damage need to sit out of combat for a mission or two -LRB- depending on whether they are ` Damaged ' or ` Crippled ' -RRB- while they are repaired.Bottom line , if you liked Mechwarrior 4 , or even think MW4 just needs a pinch of salt , by all means get this expansion . There 's plenty of single player levels to go around in case you were wondering , and if you didnt like Casey Nolan , you get to kill him ! what more do you need ?
 This expansion improves upon the outstanding MechWarrior 4 `` Vengeance . '' The feel and personality of this expansion are more interesting , gritty , and -LRB- I think -RRB- true to the spirit of the original game than Vengeance.New weapons and ` mechs make for lots of interesting variations . I enjoy using the `` Instant Action '' missions in conjunction with extensive trips to the Mechlab to try out new configurations and strategies . I love to stomp through the first missions in a custom Daishi or a `` souped-up '' Uller with no lancemates!Two changes could improve this game . One , the lancemates are nearly incapable of doing a repair/reload . You have to lead them to the entrance , point them in the right direction , and get out of the way before giving the command -LRB- hoping that they do n't run into the walls in the process . -RRB- Second , a practice range or series series of ranges -LRB- like the instant action in MW3 , which is that game 's best feature , in my opinion -RRB- would allow the player to more quickly test configurations against specified foes . That said , the MW4 instant action missions have the advantage of serving as training grounds for the campaign . The ideal would be to have both options.But all things considered this is a terrific game - ...
 THIS GAME ROCKED !!! I 'm not finished with yet , but almost . I loved it - but then again , it 's just more of MW4 . If you liked MW4 , then you 'll love this . New ` Mechs , new weapons . The Sunder , Black Knight , and Ryoken . They are only the best of five . It 's also got new missions , but kinda lacks the orignal plot line of the first one - it 's the classic get betrayed , get hired , fight against the guys who betrayed . Still , it 's got the usual great action . Good if you liked the first .
 No longer are you cast in the role of a weakly portrayed character . In MW4X things are as they should be
 Get your heatbeat pounding with the newest expansion to the popular MechWarrior 4 Vengeance!With the addition of new Mechs , like the Sunder , Wolfhound , Uller and More , you will be able to trade on the black market for new weapons and mech chassis.I highly recommend this game , as a sysop with the Microsoft Gaming Zone !!! Play it online with up to 15 other people for the ultimate players experience ...
 Oddly the expansion is much better is most respects that the game it expands on . I wish this were a separate stand-alone game . Some of the things that bothered me in the original game have been improved or at least reduced to a tolerable level.One of the things that stands out in my mind is the way missions are handled . With MW4 there were many promises that you would have full control over what missions you played and how you would play them . Such as setting nav points , selecting starting points , what order to play them , etc. . The same was said about MW3 . Both boiled down to a very linear campaign with little or no player control over them . However this is a bit different in MW4 : BK . After the first few missions , when the game really picks up , the player is given choices about what order to play the missions . Depending on what order can sometimes have an effect on others . Take out a helicopter base in one mission and there will be less air support those that follow for example . This is used a lot but there are still some scripted events that push the story forward . Nor does the player choose what environment to play it , just what missions in it , so there is still some structure . And that is n't a bad thing.Ah yes the story . I found the story in the first game to be silly and pointless . The acting generally was n't very good ; it was either over the top or flat and monotone . I really just wanted to get in the game and play , not be forced to listen to characters I could never like . However the dialogue is kept short and to the point in MW4 : BK . At least they also found some actors with some creativity.The new Mechs and weapons add some nice variety to the game . And in most cases are improvements . The new weapons have higher damage ; I found this helped speed up the action . Some times in the original it could be slow when you are stuck with just a few weak pulse lasers left . Not anymore . And the black market is a good idea too . I loved being able to get rid of some of the Mechs and weapons I did not like or use . Instead I could trade them in for something I want . Great ! Salvage however is still scripted . I doubt they will ever change that.This is a great expansion to a sometimes good game .
 Really enjoyed this classic FPS . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are great , story-line is solid -LRB- and not so short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 it was a good game , i thought the storyline was great , not much had changed in the gameplay from the other two connected with this game .
 the new stuff on Black Knights definitely improves on MW4 Vengeance . for one , the campaign is quite a bit better -- you 're not some little teenager fighting against the `` bad guys '' , you 're a Legion of professional mechwarriors who are ready to blow the brains out of anyone at moment 's notice . It 's really strange though -- you set out to kill the character you played as in Vengeance , and all his friends , and all the people that worked for Ian come and join you . Funny.The grand total of five new mechs did n't completely blow me away . Most of them are light and medium mechs , but there 's a heavy and an assault . my personal opinions on them : Uller -- hey , finally a Mech that can go faster than an Osiris , but other than that it stinks , pretty muchRyoken -- it 's big , but the weapons just ... do n't appease me.Wolfhound -- a jokeBlack Knight -- good if you give it the right weaponsSunder -- hey , this Mech is n't all that bad . Good weapons . An assault mechnow the weapons ... I dunno . There 's new versions of the Autocannon -- the AC 10 and AC 20 . X-Pulse Lasers are definitely better than normal Pulse lasers . Cluster bombs ... ohhh boy . think Long Toms , but faster reloading , and stronger , and four at a time . That 's cluster bomb for you
 I am in my thirties and have never had so much fun with this type of game.If You like team games this is the ultimate !
 Back in ... oh , maybe 1996 , my dad got me a joystick for my computer , and MechWarrior 2 came with it . I 've been hooked to the games ever since . I have n't played this expansion pack in a while , but I know that I love this game . The Amazon description is dead-on . The old characters from MechWarrior 4 were so annoying that hunting them down was a blast . The black market was very useful , too . The only problem was that it was all so hard ! I consider myself to be quite a good pilot , but I had to be flawless to make it through each level . When I got to the last level , I thought it might take me a week to beat it . Wrong . I had my bad-a ** set of assault mechs , but getting hit with about a million enemy assault mechs humbled me greatly . I still have yet to beat that last level ... anways , I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes firing gigantic weaponry and causing huge explosions everywhere . Also , I 've found its a great game to play when you are in a bad mood and just need to waste something .
 This game is better than the old MW4 Vengeance in terms of missions and mechs , though I was expecting better . Campaign is challenging and gritty . What I did n't like about the game is the fact that the enemy insignia of the mechs in Instant Action ca n't be chosen ; it 's always the BK Legion . Yeah , it has new weapons and so forth , and sure they make the weapon selection more varying . Other than its monotony , this game kicks ...
 Loved MW IV . Black Night is a great addition with new mechs , new weapons , and new missions . Buy it !!!
 This game is the bomb the new mechs are the coolest the sunder and royoken and black Knight rock!The new wepons just kick but like Ultra AC 20 , X pulse lazer , cluster bombs and all wepons have a clan vesion!The missions are harder you have to kill the people you had in the last game . So you should buy it !!
 I am a big MechWarrior fan.I have # 3,4 . Not # 4 Black Knight.They are really fun games to play.I like it because it is challenging and it is fun.I build Mechs with legos.I am trying to find where I can get little models of any Mechs.Some of the games are a little cheap.Otherwise they are all sweet games.I have played all of them , but I only have these two . I am going to get this one for my birthday.If any kids who like robots blowing up other robots.Then they should get this game .
 If this expansion resembles MW4 at all it 's bound to be an awesome game . I 'm quivering with excitment awaiting the 5 new mechs this expansion brings . If your a hardcore mech gamer , you 're probably feeling the same way I am . If your not , you wo n't be for long after you try this . What is n't there to like about blowing up 12m high mechs with the BIGGEST guns in the universe ?
 I have only one thing to say , excellent game microsoft . All facets of the game is well done . Peace :
 BK is the greatest game ever , It has more features , Mechs etc. . . than the orginal Mech 's Warrior Game .
 Alrighty then ! I was waiting forever for this expansion to be announced and that 's probably because I beat it 2 days after I got the main game . Now I was able to predict that there would be an expansion because there was a expansion for almost every Mech game . I am so excited and I am sure every mech fan is , espesially my two best lancemates . We are good to go !!
 I like fighting games , and I have been enjoying Virtua Fighter for some time now . I bought this when it came out on the ps3 -LRB- this and resistance were my main games `` back in the day '' -RRB- it looked amazing , was very fluid , and I had a blast playing it . Bad thing was , you could not play it online . People I know in real life , do not play fighting games as much as I do . So playing them at home , leaves little to be enjoyed . When I heard the 360 version was coming out with online play , I decided I must buy it , and I 'm glad I did.The graphics look pretty much the same , and the game is as fast on both platforms . The main change , and the whole reason I bought the game was to play online.If you have played DOA4 online , you can imagine how VF5 is online . The game does have slow down while you are playing . Though you can get through many matches without any slowdown , eventually , you will meet slowdown . It is usually quite funny when slowdown happens , everyone is waiting on the slowdown to end so you can fight again , which leads to copious bouts of laughter as everyone is trying to regain the upper hand , the game seems to just freeze , or go neo in matrix slow . With that said , I still enjoy the game , and I think if you give it a go , you will too.I am glad sega put online into this game , and I can not wait for Soul Calibur 4 to come out , with online as well !
 There 's something about those fighting games is n't there ? While some of them resemble Roman gladiator bloodsports more than anything else , the fundamental concept is really just a high-speed game of chess -LRB- attack , defend , counter , checkmate -RRB- . And while true fighting games are largely seen as button mashers or headache-inducing memorization exercises -LRB- try Star Wars
 This is updated from the PS3 release . PS3 was ver B , the Xbox 360 is Version C , the latest version in the arcades in Japan.enhancements
 Man this game is so much better on 360 , I only recommend the 360 version . Man I thought Dead or Alive 4 was hard online , I played at least 20 matches and didnt win one because I just jumped into the game like a Noob.It is the deepest fighter I have ever seen , the 1 guy I kept rematching really strung together so many varied combos as did I after fighting him so much . This game is awesome and I hope like hell they make another one , I am preferring this over SF and DOA right now . Go buy it already
 Superb graphics in HD . Excellent responsive controls , even with a wireless controller . Cutting edge , and fun for hours.Thanks for reading my review !
 This game as reviewed by others as one of the most balanced of fighting games . The thing about VF5 that I personally like is if you are close to dying , you can do a hard hitting combo and still win . And a lot of mind games involved in this game . You can do a stick and move approach which I think is more defensive . Or all out aggression . So many , many moves -LRB- Including fakes . -RRB- , and many variations of combos you can accomplish . Just to learn one character proficiently I would think it would take you some time not unless you are just a natural and you learn at great speed . So choose your character that fits your fighting style or concept diligently . If you like many options , this fighting game is for you .
 To start off I feel any person who likes to play fighting for technique and style should buy this game , but the game has a few issues -LRB- at least with me -RRB- . The way to select your customized character is annoying . the game is missing items available in japan . other than that I ca n't see nothing wrong . do not expect it to be tekken6 or dead or alive 4 . I am a big fan of the Virtua Fighter series but I am getting spoiled by other games and I would like to see features available in other fighting games in this one . for less than $ 20 you are not going to get a better quality game . virtua fighter is the original 3d fighting game .
 I recently just got this game and seeing some reviews online thought this would be a good fast-paced fighting game I love like DOA 4 . But sadly it just seemed to me to be to reminiscent of the game Tekken and while I like that game as well I was expecting more from VF5 , do n't get me wrong the video animation and effects are incredible but when you use some of the characters in the fighting they just seemed to be to sluggish for my liking . True the punches and kicks are quick and precise but blocking was pathetic sometimes and trying to grab your opponent just seemed to take to much time , also I thought you would be able to counter an attack like DOA4 but if you 're able to good for you I myself have n't been able to . I do like that you can compete with other players online which is pretty good that is where it beats DOA4 somewhat since with this game there is n't a problem with any lagging that I noticed . Also you do get a vast variety of players to choose from which I also like so you should n't get to bored for a while , also you do get to customize your players pretty easily giving them such things as different clothes and jewelery to different color hair and hairstyles . So for the price this is going for for any fighting game fan I say it 's definitely worth it but if your looking for anything else in a game you might just want to rent this or pass it by altogether ... I felt I should give a little more reason of some of my problems with this game and certain dislikes of it . The one thing is the fight round areas unlike DOA 4 while the backgrounds or nice , and incredible looking there is no player usage of it , meaning that when you play DOA 4 you can hop over an obstacle and do a kick on the other player or if you 're close to a wall surface you can wall smash or smash the other character to the ground if timed right . But with this game the background is just for show the only thing other than doing a K.O. is getting the other player out of the game ring and that is it . Also I do like when you have the characters story movie ending or story-plot on why their in the tournament like the game DOA 4 or Tekken5 does sadly VF5 does n't have this you basically play other characters until the final round an that 's it game over . The final annoyance is the commentaries you have with the arcade mode if you wish to have it on , at first its kind of neat but gets tiring quickly and you 'll most likely turn it off after just three game rounds if not sooner . So if you want to work of some aggression this is a pretty good choice but for anything else another game might be more suitable ...
 muy buen CD . muy buen funcionamiento de este . me encantar&iacute;a poder volver a comprar con ustedes . llegada a tiempo del producto .
 I have been playing Virtua Fight since the first game and I say this the best in the series , it does take time to master it but it is worth it , all the acheivements are all offline so you can spend time in training.my only issue with it is the online , if you want to switch characters , you or the other person has to back out change characters then have the person invite you back to play.So if you do n't mind that then grab the game
 I bought this game for the kids and they seem to love it . they play it alot and no one has complained about it . It was a good additon to their game collecton .
 I love this game -- easy to catch on , yet challenging . The graphics are nice as well as the frames per second . Thanks , SEGA !
 I 've been a fan of Virtua Fighter ever since VF1 first came out to the arcades long time ago . It 's amazing how the game evolved but still maintained the same level of fun it had since day 1 , and actually improved on it ! If you do n't know VF , it is a fighting game that is more realistic than other brands -LRB- although not entirely realistic - it 's still a video game after all -RRB- . Each character has its own fight style that to my best knowledge is pretty much true to the real fighting styles . There are plenty of characters to choose from and each one requires a little different skills from the user . for example , Pai Chan is very quick but relatively weak -LRB- i.e. her punches and kicks have relatively low impact -RRB- while Akira -LRB- the poster boy of the VF series -RRB- has high impact blows but is slower and is more efficient when fighting closer to his opponent . He also requires complicated combos -LRB- combinations of button and stick movements -RRB- to be more effective.The game has a very nice quest mode where you play AI opponents in several arenas and get to win rank and points that you can use to customize your character . Very cool . There is also an arcade mode and a practice mode . Practice mode is very good although can be improved.I have not tried the online mode yet.Graphics and sound are excellent . Game desing and play remains top notch and fun level is 10 ! This is a split second action game that leaves you very little time to think . If you hesitate , you 're done . You have to act quickly and be very skilled on your pad . Learning curve is fast but if you really want to master the game you have to invest some time in studying moves and practicing them . You also need to learn how to read your opponent and adapt to his or her fighting style in order to bit them . there 's more to this game than meets the eye , and there 's plenty that meets the eye : -RRB-
 Virtua Fighter has always blown away the competition . If you 're a little kid who likes shooting fire from your hands and mastering a game quickly , look elsewhere.This game has literally thousands of moves , based off real martial arts . Learning the game is fun , as you and your opponent build and shatter each others strategies over and over as you get better and better . Eventually you start learning counter moves and form advanced strategies . It 's starts to look like something out of a martial arts movie when you and your opponent get real good , except it 's not all little auto animations . You actually have to learn every block , duck , jump , and counter yourself.This game never sold as well here as it did in Japan . I guess in Japan , everybody knows what 's up with Virtua Fighter . Most of the online competition are all from Japan , and most kick your @ $ $ , even after years of playing and thinking you 're all good at it -LRB- maybe for an American -RRB- . I used to think I was good , until I got this online version !
 I 'm a street fighter fan , so 2-d games are better for me overall . Still , how could you not like VF5 ! Beautiful graphics , realistic martial arts moves , clever fighter sign offs , so much more . Outstanding game for a very reasonable price . Any fan of fighting games must make this purchase .
 I had been looking for this game a long time in local stores and found it on Amazon at an AMAZING price . I love this series , my kids love this series , and it is an excellent game ; I would highly recommend Amazon.com and this seller .
 best game ever created by man wit the best online for a fightergreat pickup
 Initially , i 've never been too wild about the Virtua Fighter series . They were games that were slow and choppy to me , and i was more partial to the Tekken series . After deciding to give it another try since part 3 , this is one of the most complete fighting games , if not the most complete fighting experience i 've ever encountered . The diversity of the styles , the presentation , streamlined menus and options and tons of extras make this a keeper . The demo was great , but the full game is fulfilling and damn near perfect . It could have used more interactive environments , but that 's only a minor complaint as everything else comes off without a hitch -LSB- even online play -RSB- . If you 've never been big on Virtua Fighter , now is the time to get in on the fun .
 Good-Graphics are great/environments are highly detailed/can be challenging w.o being frustrating/LOADS of customization possibilities/DEEP fighting system/optional in-fight commentary makes it seem like your watching a real fight/Online play/FUN !!! Bad-some advanced moves might be hard to pull offThis game ROCKS !! . If you like fighting games but you dont like the AI being able to predict games then this one is for you . The AI had been revamped to perform like a human player instead of a cpu , and man does it replicate a human accurately . The AI will do things such as block out of nowhere and use repeated moves if its working . Even on the harder levels the AI still performs more like a human and less like a cpu that makes you pay for every punch you throw -LRB- DOA4 . I have had this game for about 4months now and I have yet to get tired or frustrated with it .
 If you 're a fan of duke-em-out in your face martial arts there 's nothing better than VF5 . Same great action as previous generations , characters are beefier , there are more of them as well though I have n't gotten to them yet . Environments are detailed and pleasing . I 'm sure it 's fun battling online just like it is at the arcade , with complete strangers joining the fray in attempt to knock the king off the hill , but I have n't pursued the online gaming thang yet . Enjoy !!
 This game is fun for anyone who can move their fingers a lot faster than mine . I could n't get used to the ontrols too much either . and the special moves are hard to pull off when you have to move your character at Sonic speed . I would n't buy this game again , good thing I traded this in along with Outrun 2 and Outrun 2006 .
 the game play is great the graphic are very good the best i have ever seen but one thing that i hate about it is ; that it is to hard to master the more complex combos , but it will take a person that has no life about a week of non stop play to master it . i recommend this game , you will not be disappointed .
 This game is really attractive . You can build your dream zoo with the tolls it provides . When you are installing the game , it will show a guildline for you to help you to understand the game clearly . My sister like this game very much . But she likes to kill people . She first build a fanstic zoo , then delete all the gate and let the animals escape , then all the animals will escape and fight with people . Although it is a bit cruel , but I think this is a interesting and funny way to play the game again when you are tired of building a normal zoo .
 While the price of the game stumped me at first -LRB- $ 35 at Walmart -RRB- the game proved to be worth its cost . Simple to navigate and easy to play , once the game has completed its rather lengthy install . My only problems with the game
 As a fan of the other `` tycoon '' games , I did enjoy playing this game . Although , as you figure out how the game works and what is necessary to succeed , it becomes less and less challenging . I run this on XP and even with the patch , the game still freezes or the people start to `` loop '' and ca n't move . Hopefully another patch will be released so I can continue to play the game .
 I totally love it ! Its hard , thrilling , funny , wonderful and most of all , its fun ! If you are alergic to some animals or just really really love them , then buy this game . Its better than perfect !
 This sim game is awesome . If you have the time to sit for a while , you could make changes and add things all day . I wa n't much into sims , but this is a cool game . I particularly like the instand feedback from the animals and the ability to get zoo visitors input .
 I just got this game for Christmas and let me tell you it is FUN !!! Great graphics , easy gameplay , and a lot of enjoyment playing this game . Get this game if ya can , you wo n't regret it !!!
 I just got this game for Christmas and let me tell you it is FUN !!! Great graphics , easy gameplay , and a lot of enjoyment playing this game . Get this game if ya can , you wo n't regret it !!!
 I am totally hooked on Zoo Tycoon - it 's intuitive , easy to learn , and loads of fun . The animal graphics are adorable - I love to watch my kangaroos hop around and my polar bear swimming in his pool . Or , if I 'm feeling mean , I can drop a zebra or two into the lion exhibit . The only problem I have with the game is that you ca n't move objects once they are placed - you have to delete and replace them . I guess I 'm spoiled from The Sims . Still , this is a versatile and addictive game which I think almost anyone would enjoy -LRB- except my luckless zebras , of course -RRB- .
 I originally bought Zoo Tycoon for my wife , who tends not to branch out much in variety of computer games . Cards and hidden item puzzles are more her thing , but I thought that caring for cute animals might appeal to the motherly instinct . In her case , that did n't pan out . However , I liked the game myself , having been a Roller Coaster Tycoon player a few years back , making zoos turn a profit was right down my alley.Zoo Tycoon is a fun game of that type . It played out for me after only a few days , but for the rock bottom price I got it for even then -LRB- something like $ 5 in the bargain bin at Best Buy -RRB- , that few days worth of play more than covered the price.As my title suggested , watch your bears . I had two male polar bears and one female in an enclosure , and all of a sudden , one of the male bears whacked the other across the noggin ' and I had two polar bears and a pile of polar bear meat . Also , make sure that you build a double gated entrance for your cleaners and feeders to go through , or you 'll have plenty of animals wandering your walkways right along with the paying customers . Figuring out what types of animals can go into one enclosure together is a key to success . It saves on building expense and cleaning and feeding time , and you get more animals on display per acre . I even had bears and beaver in the same enclosure , but I made sure to give the beaver a little island to retreat to if needed.Recommended , especially at current prices .
 This is my kids ' favorite game . I was worried it would n't work with Windows Vista , but it does ! Life is good again at our house ...
 The game arrived on time . Did not include anything more than the CD in a sleeve , which was fine with me . I was completely satisfied with my purchase and order .
 So I was playing this game the other day , and it prompted me to write a review for those who might not have been fortunate enough to play it yet . Basically , the game is exactly what you 'd expect ... it 's a sim/strategy type game where you take the role of a zoo keeper , and build your ideal zoo . With dozens of animals , from African hunting dogs to saltwater crocodiles to Asian black bears , this game should appeal to any wildlife enthusiast . The whole goal of the game is to make sure your animals , and guests , are happy . The former is achieved by placing them in a suitable environment , the later by building animal house -LRB- like ` reptile houses , ' ` primate houses , ' etc -RRB- , resturants , gift stores and other attractions . You can choose several scenarios , from free form games to pre-made games that require you to achieve certain , increasingly challenging , goals . Over all , a very cool game , and one you can get cheaply too . But it will still provide hours of enjoyment . Go for it !
 Zoo Tycoon is a lot of fun . I like the challenge of making the animals happy . It was hard to learn at first , but now I 've got the hang of it . Leveling the ground is hard . The zoom function is limited . But overall I like it !
 I thought that this game was actully pretty good , and it is addicting and fun . however , i have one complaint . the AI of the guests is TERRIBLE ! when they are reallly really hungry , thirsty , tired , have to go to the b-room , etc , they walk RIGHT BY the things that would make it all better . this needs to be fixed in a patch or something .
 Nice package for your kids . Although it can be complicated , it 's worth the money . Though you may have to sit at the computer and work with your youngster to help him/her understand the full potential of the product .
 I got this game about a year ago and I LOVE it ! You get to pick from over 50 different animals and then you get to personalize the exhibits . You can breed them if you want , too . Plus you can put different kinds of animals together like the zebras and the gazzelles . I LOVE this game !!! Buy it !!!!
 it ' fun entertaining and has a ride variety of intresting animals
 In this game you can learn how to save money , care for animals -LRB- another hint 4 parents thinking about buying there kid a pet -RRB- make payments jk you do n't have to but I love this game and any animal lover should have this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!! : -RRB-
 IF YOU HAVE A KID THAT IS CREATIVE AND IS WILLING TO SPEND SOME TO ALOT OF TIME CREATING THIS ZOO IT IS EXCELLENT ! MY 9 AND 12 YEAR OLD LOVE IT . WE LOVE THE FLYING WITCH-SANTA ETC AT THE HOLIDAYS . GREAT FUN WHEN THE ANIMALS ESCAPE . EVEN THE ADULTS CA N'T HELP BUT LAUGH .
 This game is a lot of fun , but I recommend getting the Zoo Tycoon Complete . You get more options with it .
 Wow , zoo tycoon is amazing . it will get you hocked with just one game . It is an exciting game where you can build your own zoo and choose the animals.It is great you should but it .
 I have really enjoyed this game . It can be very addicting ! Definitely a good buy . I hope to get the marine expansion pack soon to go with it !
 This is still my favorite game to play ater owning it for almost half a year . Yet , there are stil pros and cons to this game that I wish I would have known before I bought this game , here are most of them : Pros : - The increasing number of animals and scenerios will keep you interested for a long time.-The trees and other things will keep you trying new things to make your zoo look beautiful . - -LRB- If you 're like me -RRB- You will have a blast setting lions and bears loose in your zoo and watching them attack the guests.-You can choose two different ways to play ; open ended where your imagination is the limit for your zoo , or scenerio where if will give you goals and you will have to reach them , yet even on scenerio , if you do not reach your goal , you have the option to play open ended.Cons : - Without the expansion packs , the regular animals will become a bore after about 2 weeks-A lot like rollercoaster tycoonI did buy both of the expansion packs , but I got Dinosaur Digs included with my Marine Mania , and the price of Marine Mania was really small considering how often my CD is used between me and my friend . The only thing I want you to keep in mind when buying this is that nothing is as great as it sounds , although this game comes close . :-RRB- - Lizzie
 This is a great game !!! It allows you to have fun on a boring day . You might want to buy Marine Mania -LRB- which includes Dinosaur Digs -RRB- so you can have dinosaures and other animals than just what Zoo Tycoon gives you . Though Zoo Tycoon does give you a lot of animals , toys , and buildings . It also has a good selection ! It would be better if you could Have more senarios . I have a lot of zoos so far and I am running out of new senarios . It has a lot of good ideas like Unicorns and dinosaurs !!! This is a great and one of the best computer games !
 This one of the most creative and enjoyable RTS games on the market . The premise is simple
 Zoo Tycoon is alarmingly addictive . Like the other games of this genre , there is a certain level of education that the game passes on in order to make you a better player ... for example , you will quickly learn what kind of terrain and foliage a LOT of different animals prefer . That makes it very interesting for adults and educational for kids.There are many different ways to success -LRB- or failure -RRB- which makes this game have a high replayability value . I have often found myself coming back to it after a few months away and quickly get the same intense enthusiasm for the game - thinking THIS TIME I 'm going to get it right!Perhaps the best part is not something I would recommend for REAL zookeepers ... when you are done for your session , save your game and then tear down a few fences here and there ... preferably on cages that have really BIG MEAN animals . It 's amusing to watch your 900 guests run screaming for the exits as your Bengal Tiger picks them off one by one in `` cartoon thundercloud '' violence ! : -RRB-
 In Zoo Tycoon you get to run your own zoo . -LRB- I 'm sure you could have guessed that . -RRB- You set up animal exhibits , roadpaths in your zoo , and tourist facilities . When you set up the animal exhibits , the creatures you put in those cages are REALLY picky . Some want this , while others want that and it is difficult to please all the animals in a single exhibit . -LRB- They usually agree better if they 're the same species of animal . -RRB- This game is fun for the first few hours , but soon gets boring . I suggest playing a demo of this game before purchase .
 -LRB- I reserve the right to give THE SIMS 5 Stars . -RRB- I have been having so much fun with this game . Even though it reminds me of a child 's game , -LRB- due to the animals -RRB- it is fun to see the complexities unfold as the game progresses . Changing the prices of services and products , guiding your patrons through your designed zoo maze , designing the zoo , choosing the types of animals you can have in one location ; infinite choices , a fun use of imagination and great micro-management fun for hours ! -LRB- of which I have been playing all weekend ! -RRB- A must-buy but , please do n't take my word for it
 This game brings a new challenge to the typical `` Tycoon '' games . Not only do you have to please your visitors , but you have to keep your animals happy . Each animal requires a specific habitat , and it 's a challenge to keep your animals happy , while still maintaining an enjoyable visit for your Zoo guests . There are many different animals , and it 's fun to add money to research to see what animals , and other stuff becomes available.There is also a freeform version to the game , so you can have as much money as you 'd like , and just go crazy building an amazing zoo.If you enjoy `` Sim '' or `` Tycoon '' games , you will definitely get hooked on this one as well!Enjoy !
 `` Zoo Tycoon , '' an absorbing game , requires you to become the entrepreneur of a zoo as grand or as simplistic as you want to make it . Instantly intrigued with the base concept of this game , I purchased this game and have been very satisfied with it over the past two months . Within an hour , you can play this game easily , and start creating your own zoos , using the various `` freeform '' game and terrain styles available . The essential concept of `` Zoo Tycoon , '' is one that gives you a set amount of starting cash to build a few initial exhibits and some concession stands , and then supposedly you can start watching the money roll in , which can then be used to build additional exhibits and attractions . A few notes of caution , should be offered , though . The `` intermediate '' level of the `` free-form '' games starts you out with a grass-terrain zoo and seventy-five thousand dollars . -LRB- Your zoo can be given cash awards to help increase cash . A lot of money is also generated from the sales at foods stands , gift shops , and even donations from guests and organizations . -RRB- You can build exhibits using a variety of fencing , animals , trees , and terrains , but the fastidious animals become very unhappy if you construct their exhibits cheaply , resulting in exhibits that end up costing upwards of thirty thousand dollars . Animals require zoo keepers to feed and maintain their exhibits . Zoo employees receive salaries , all which subtract from your cash pile . To keep your guests satisfied and your zoo beautified , maintenance workers and tour guides must be hired . There are a plethora of structures and scenery that can be purchased to enhance , embellish , and increase the revenue of your burgeoning zoo , but some of it can be expensive . Every few months , additional animals and structures are added to those you can have in your zoo -LRB- until the end of the first year -RRB- , but you must research to access animals like giant pandas and okapi . A variety of diverse exhibits can be created , from the salt-water California sea lions to lions to giraffes to elephants to wolves and polar bears . Animals reproduce and scamper about their exhibits happily or angrily , depending on their quality of their care and suitability of their exhibit.Overall , `` Zoo Tycoon , '' is a very engrossing game , that allows you to put your creative skills to play in the creation of a zoo . Although keeping both animals and guests satisfied can get annoying at times , `` Zoo Tycoon , '' is a great game that I really enjoy . Some negative points include the scenarios which really are n't nearly as fun and enjoyable compared to the `` free-form games , '' the fact that to build expansive zoos a fast computer is required , and that staff members are n't always as intuitive and responsive as they could be . Enjoyable , realistic , and creative , `` Zoo Tycoon , '' is a good game choice if you 're looking for something new or another ingenious offering from Microsoft .
 Zoo Tycoon is a simulation game that enables you to build your own zoo , hire zookeepers , buy animals , build and design their exhibits , and provide scenic and entertaining park for your guests . Although there are many Tycoon games out there , this is one of the best.The gameplay and the control panel is easy to learn , intuitive , and complete . It takes a few minutes for you to understand the buttons on the control panel . There is some tutorials available for you to learn the gameplay . The tutorial is interactive , it waits your action before going to the next step . This is to ensure you are doing the right thing . The objectives of each mission are clearly stated at the beginning of each game and you can review them at anytime during the gameplay to check your progress . When you click on one of the animal on your exhibit , an information panel will pop up . Click on Information button to show more information about the animal such as their habitats , their preference of exhibits , their habit , etc. . This is a good thing to educate younger people about animals.The graphics and sounds for this game is good . You can see your animals interacting with guests and their exhibits . You can also see your guest walking around your zoo and doing their things . Eating , taking photographs , and so on . You can hear the lion roars , wolf howl , etc.Overall this is an entertaining and educating game not only for kids , but also for adults . Animal lovers will also love this game .
 I have the zoo tycoon complete collection -- which is the best version , i think !!!! You have to select the building tool , then select a type of fence , and make your first exhibit . Bravo ! Then , choose an animal . If you have the complete collection , you can choose marine animals , dinosaurs , or land animals . For dinosaurs you have to use a shock fence -- if you do n't want them to get out . For marine animals you need to use some sort of tank fence . And another thing . For marine animals that also go on land , you can combine the two and get a land -- water exhibit . Choose an animal . Click on it , then click on . . for dinosaurs
 I have had intrests in animlas since I was about six years old.I went to ToysRUs at around nine and bought this games because I would get the chance to raise my own zoo.When I first bought it , I coulnt put it down!The amimals all have special needs , like some need a specific type of rock or tree.The scenerios are challenging , because sometimes they expect you to make 7-10 exibits and only give you 30,000 . The graphics are amazing , everything is it 3D . I was kinda dissipointed though when I saw that there were barely any marine animals , only about three.I soon found out a month after buying and playing the game how to get unlimited amounts of money.If you press Shift and 4 and the same time , your money rises quickley.IN a matter of seconds , you can get a million dollars.But , do this before you put up and cages , because if you do the water in the exibits will become green and the fence will become all moldy , which can allow the animlas to escape .
 Most `` tycoon '' games I 've played have been cheap wastes of time . I love the genre though , so I keep playing ! I saw a friend playing Zoo Tycoon and I had to try it - what more could an animal lover like myself ask for in a tycoon game ?? I always play these games on sandbox mode and cheat to give myself lots of money . I had a great time spending hours upon hours creating all sorts of cool exhibits and experimenting with different zoo layouts . The controls are easy to use and there are TONS of animals and `` stuff '' to choose from when making exhibits . And if you get bored , you can always let the lions out to wreak some havoc.I have also played both expansions to Zoo Tycoon , and they 're both great . I really enjoy the Marine Mania one , I like making the shows for my dolphins and killer whales . My only issue with the game , it seemed like my animals loved to procreate . ALL the time . Especially my chimps ! Every few minutes something was having a baby , and the chimps were having babies so often they were always upset at having too many animals in the enclosure ! This is n't a huge problem , because it 's easy to sell off an animal . It was just a minor annoyance since once you get a large zoo , at least one animal is having babies every 15-30 seconds . I do want to mention that friends who have the same game did NOT have the same issues - maybe my animals listened to too much Barry White ?? I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a tycoon fan . It 's a blast and easily one of the better tycoon games out there .
 We bought this for my seven year old daughter 's birthday in addition to the usual Barbie games that she asks for . The Barbie game has been completely abandoned and we both love Zoo Tycoon ! Sometimes we split up the zoo ; my daughter takes care of the animals while I build the concessions . Together we build the world 's greatest zoos ! We do n't have the expansion packs yet but would be really keen to get access to new things to build into our zoo 's . You win when the you take care of the animals so well that they are happy ; guests become happy and keep the zoo financially stable . Taking care of endangered animals is especially challenging , but my daughter has learned to become quite expert . We both love this game a lot .
 I got zoo tycoon for christmas . It is an awesome game !!!! As a tip for the game you need to put lots of restraunts and restroomsto keep the people happy . The lions get cranky a lot but I like the rest of the animals . This game is based on a real zoo like if the animals are happy and there are at least 2 of a different gender they will have babies . Sometimes they die of old age . My favorite animal the monkey . In the begining there are about 25-50different zoos to chose from .
 I got zoo tycoon and the expansion packs for it and I am on it everyday for about 2-3 hours . The people on here are so much better than Roller Coaster Tycoon . They look 2 times more real than Roller Tycoon.All of my friends like it . My family to . When I was at my grandmas I could n't wait to go home so I could play Zoo Tycoon . I really recemend this game to everyone !
 it is tons of fun andn therer is so many great special effects it is just amazing
 I liked the demos when I first downloded them , But they are quickly becoming boring.I am rating the game on the Demos so do not take much notice of it.I ' v seen the game in Brisbane but was not able to afford it.I hope that amazon will beable to ship it to Australia in time for my birthday .
 when i start this game ... i was soooo happy that this is the game that i was looking for and this game is rocks . . i like this game alot . . : -RRB- is you like stratergy games . . youll like this game for sure . .
 Zoo Tycoon is a great game for strategy , but lacks a certain something . Sometimes the updates do n't work and it is n't very realistic .
 Ok , I just saw something about a game called ZOO TYCOON , and knew that amazon , which always has everything , would have it listed if there was such a game . Sure enough - here it is !! I am a THE SIMS and ROLLER COASTER TYCOON fan , and if you are , or have never played either believe me get ZOO TYCOON ! Even though I have not yet played it , I know its gon na rock ! Just imagine building your own zoo , and picking all the animals you want ! WOW ! I can not wait . I am in Canada , so I will probably have to wait longer to be able to have this game than people in the US . But I just want to say this looks like sooo much fun , and I would suggest to anyone and everyone to get it ASAP !
 What can be better than running a zoo ? When you start out you get a few animals like a Lion a thomas Gazelle and a few more . First you have to build a fence big enough for the animal to run around . Second you put an animal in it . If you put 1 girl animal and 1 boy animal they will have babies/baby . If you put 2 of the same kind they wo n't . Second you make an appropriate habitat for the animal . For instance , if you put a Lion you would n't put it in a rainforest atmosphere you would put it in a African atmosphere with sand and dirt and the certain kind of tree they like . Third , you have to put a toy so they can play and of course they have to have shelter . Also you need a zoo keeper to take care of the animals . You can also hire a person who picks up trash and empty garbage cans and fix things and you can also hire a tour guide . You also have to put food stands and souveiner stands so the customers do n't complain . Sometimes it might get annoying because you have to shange the terrain alot because it gets trampled a lot by the animals . When you get farther in the game you get more and more animals and toys and shelters and trees and much much more . All in All I would have to say this is a 5 star game . Good Luck !
 Zoo Tycoon may be another one of those simulator games . But , No ! Zoo Tycoon is a fun cool zoo games with animals from elephants to zebras . The regular Zoo Tycoon , you may not be looking for it but the new Dinosaur Digs Expansion Pack with has dinosuars and all kinds of prehistoric animals . If you want a cool simulation ZOO Game , this would be it !
 I recieved this game for Christmas and I love it . You get to build your own zoo , creating exibits , pick animals , designing landscapes , and watch people in you zoo enjoy it . I would highly recomend this game .
 this is a really good game , it has a ton of cool features like
 This game is sooooo fun ! I played it with my friend , and we played it for a relly long time . I reccomend it if u like animals , or if you have other `` tycoon '' games .
 So you think you got what it takes to run a zoo ? This game will help you find out . Not only do you have to keep your customers happy and coming back , but you have to maintain your animals ' health and happiness . To keep your animal happy you have to have a suitable environment for them . Keep the environment the same as their homeland . Not sure where the animal resides ? You can read info on them . This game can be used as a learning tool ! To keep your animals healthy , make sure you have plenty of zoo keepers and rush them over when your animals are sick.There are so many elements to consider when running your zoo . The most important is location , location , location . This will determine how profitable your food joints or gift shops will be . Do n't forget to put in restrooms or garbage cans . Also make sure you hire grounds people to maintain your zoo , animal cages and the fences themselves . You do n't want your animals getting out . -LRB- Even though it is funny watching -RRB- There are two modes of play , free form and scenarios . There are tutorials as well . The intermediate and advanced scenarios are locked until you complete the beginner ones . The game also locks animals and objects and notifies you in the game when more objects have become available . Some animals , toys , plants and environments are locked until you complete research on them . If you still ca n't find the animal you 're looking for chances are they 'll have it for download . You can get animal , object and scenario updates from the internet . This should help keep the game interesting since there is no multiplayer.This game has many Easter eggs and other funny moments . For example if you put a lion , tiger and a bear in the same cage your paths will turn yellow . -LRB- yellow brick road -RRB- If you notice my screen shot has a Microsoft plane flying across the zoo . This game also has holiday effects . My visitors are wearing orange and black for Halloween . I was also able to add a Jack-O-Lantern for decoration . Witches were flying around too . The funniest moment in the game so far had to be when I was building a cage for a cheetah , I did n't notice a kid got in the cage until I added the cheetahs . The boy was running around screaming and eventually got out . I thought that was funny . Even funnier was the fact that , that particular incident did not affect my angry visitor rating.From a Christian standpoint , this game is pretty clean . There are Easter eggs for the holidays like witches and Santa Claus though.The game was easy to install . The graphics were good . Nice detailed scenery . Good music and sound effects . The game ran very stable , no crashes . It will run on all Windows platforms . -LRB- It is published by Microsoft -RRB- The animal AI is pretty good and natural . You can watch them play and react to their surroundings . -LRB- Do n't put predator and prey together -RRB- My only complaint with this games when you build big zoos , it gets slower navigating through it . Zooming out and decreasing your resolution may help . That 's my only complaint . I highly recommend this game .
 It is not hard at all ! at first when I buoght it i thought it was going to be really hard but when i started to play they gave pre-games tutorials that help you figure out how to play . This game is so addictive I can play it for hours and not get bored ! It is not a rip-off every penny is worth it ! this game is very easy to learn and fun to play ! You should definitely consider buying this game !
 I LOVE THIS GAME !!!!! If you like the game Roller Coaster Tycoon you will love this one to . The title describes the game completly you build a zoo and take care of your animals . You can put in a varity of animals from elephants to white tigers . In my personal expirance i had white tigers and they had a baby and they gave me 10,000 dollars . They give you awards and other things to help your zoo move along .
 This game is as much fun as RCT , if not more . The only thing I did n't enjoy is the fact that the fences start breaking down after awhile and you ca n't seem to stop the process , no matter how many maintenance men you buy . The animals are alittle picky too . Sometimes , you ca n't please them all . Overall it is an awesome game
 Okay , it 's not Rollercoaster Tycoon , but what is ? An intriguing premise , easy to play , but hard to master , due in no small part to some poor programming of the actions of the zookeepers -LRB- who are responsible for the feeding of , cleaning up behind , and tending to the health of , your animals -RRB- and the maintenance workers -LRB- who are * supposed * to empty trashcans , mend fences , etc. -RRB- . Your zookeepers , for the most part , tell you what your animals need , although they are n't as reliable as a zoo-owner would hope . And your maintenance workers do n't always seem to notice the completely collapsed fences that will allow your elephants to trample your guests ... But the variety of animals , complete with their necessary terrains , vegetation , and shelters , makes this game fun , it a bit frustrating , to play . Recommended , with caveats .
 Zoo Tycoon is very similar to Roller Coaster Tycoon . It is a lot of fun with many different types of terrains to start from . You can even download a Yeti . If you enjoy any of the Tycoon games , you will love this one .
 I got this game yesterday and it is fun but hard.It is hard to keep your animals happy.If your animals are so unhappy , you ca n't buy them for a while.If you 're looking for a fun game or fun and challenging game I recommend this one .
 I borrowed this game off a friend , and almost refused to give it back ! This game was instead of homework for me ! I just could n't stop playing . I found the layout and access to different controls extremely easy , making this fabulous gameplay . The graphics were quite good . I enjoyed feeding the animals and finding out if they had young ! You always had to check on them to see if they had food and had suitable exhibits , which was good because it introduced a slight feeling of desperateness . When youre animals were happy or when an endangered animal was born you would earn awards . You have scientists who research different animals , toys , shelters and park equipment such as merry go rounds and stuff . If you made a good enough park with interesting exhibits and side shows , you 're park would become a Zoo Tycoon !!!! Try and be a zoo tycoon yourself by buying this game !
 Zoo Tycoon is a great game for all ages . This is a very simple idea where you get the hang of it fairly quick and design your own zoo . The scenarios are challenging , the concept is fun , and if you like games where you get to design as you go along this game is a winner.The only downfall I have noticed so far is the rare occurrence of the graphics being just a bit choppy.This game is quite addictive because it is so enjoyable . It is definitely worth the cost . I look forward to an expansion at some point !
 I have never been into sims , but this game proved to be a lot of fun and very addictive . The premise is simple
 This game takes up a lot after the Theme Park series but is a lot more in depth and better in my opinion . You have to keep the customers and your zoo animals happy . You hire animal handlers , tour guides , and clean up crew . If you played Theme Park you will find this game has a lot of the same tests and struggles . You have 50 + different animals to choice from and you get to choose their sex -LRB- Yes they reproduce -RRB- . Now making the pens for your new found friends is fun ! You start out with green grass ... you have to make the enviroment for all the critters from the jungle to the artic from rocks to waterfalls . This is indeed an intense game . If you like god games you will probably like this ...
 The tycoon games get more and more fun as each new one comes out - the developers definitely learn from past experience and build suggestions into the new versions . Zoo Tycoon , the latest release , is about as fun and addictive as you can get!This is just about the ultimate sim game from a number of points of view . First , like SimThemePark and RollerCoaster Tycoon , you 've got the whole `` please-your-people '' aspect . You want them to have pretty paths to walk on , easy access to food , drink and restrooms , rides and attractions to see . Your visitors love looking at animals , and the happier the animals are , the more the people enjoy their experience.But in Zoo Tycoon , instead of `` boring '' rides that you merely maintain , you now have incredibly animated animals ! Put in a pair of lions , and you 'll find them running around with glee , chasing each other , and lounging on rocks you give them . If you do n't give them an environment they enjoy -LRB- say arctic tundra with cactusses -RRB- they 'll pout and growl instead . If they 're content , they might even have lion cubs , that you can watch grow over time!The game is great for kids , adults , and everybody in between . I have friends with 3 computers in their house and all 3 are running this at the same time , as each little zoo is being worked on . You can have lions , tigers and bears ... flamingos and ostriches ... black leopards and rhinos , elephants and giraffes . You can research the ability to work with endangered animals , build aviaries and other special buildings.The scenarios are great . You take over badly-run zoos , and cringe when you see the concrete-and-steel tiny homes these poor animals had ! The pleasure you get when the once-miserable animal runs around its new home , happy and content , is very real . Their free-form games mean that you can build yourself your ideal zoo , too , on any number of map-styles . Highly , highly recommended as a game that will be enjoyed for months and months !
 This is an excellent little game in the style of Rollercoaster Tycoon . It is quite suitable for children or non-gamers , because of its simple interface and unobjectionable content . However , it kept this long-time game player riveted for many hours.You are in charge of a zoo , and the animals and guests are your primary concern . You 'll spend most of your time making the animals happy , as guests are pleased primarily by happy , well-adjusted animals . The great cats are notoriously hard to please , but all animals have their demands - from a certain type of terrain , to toys , to shelters . You also have to consider the most suitable fence type to keep your lions away from your Thomson 's gazelles . The most difficult portion of the game strategically is raising the money to afford all of these improvements.The game includes both scenarios and free-form maps . I prefer the scenarios as they offer a challenge - for example , build a zoo with at least 6 different endangered species within 12 months . There are cheatcodes available to give you unlimited money , which could be fun in free-form mode to build one 's perfect vision of a zoo . Imagine that you 're building Disney 's Animal Kingdom or your favorite local childhood zoo and you have the idea.Microsoft / Blue Fang have released a number of updates to the game , including new exotic creatures . They also included a bug-reporting feature . If you do experience a crash , Zoo Tycoon will upload information to Microsoft for troubleshooting.This game exceeds efforts of similar games , such as SimSafari . Its mass appeal makes it an excellent Christmas gift , and it 's definitely suitable for children as well as adults . You wo n't have to worry about unnecessary violence or sexual content here - although the animals do produce offspring , there is no hint of how they did so . And if the lions do leap the fence and eat your gazelles , you wo n't be seeing any blood spatter . The lack of these elements does n't spoil gameplay , while making the game stand out as a game that parents can feel comfortable sharing with their kids .
 The lions have escaped , and the panda is very sick , and all of the guests are hungry , and , and , and ! Running your own zoo is not always easy . Many things can go wrong , but just as easily they can go right . Like watching the polar bear playing with her new baby or winning awards . In Microsoft 's game , Zoo Tycoon , you get to experience running your own zoo with great graphics and features , awesome gameplay , and new suprizes everywhere!There many games that are great but have terrible graphics . Zoo Tycoon is different . It has many veiw points , and beautiful scenery . All of the animals actually look real and not like robots . The people wander around and you can tell what they 're doing . Whether it 's sitting on the picnic table or cleaning up Zoo Poo . In conclusion , this games graphics are one of its strong points.The best part of playing games is playing them ! ZT has many features such as baby animals and wild animal escapes that make ZT one step higher than the average computer game . The people are a challenge alone to please and the animals are a whole other story . It is not impossible though and it is fun to get awards and extra cash for making everybody happy with animal toys and burger stands . On the other hand , for the more mischeveous mind , it is just as fun to build a zoo just to terrorize it ! So with a last word , ZT is a great game to play , not just to look at its box : -RRB- If you would like to have the full challenge of playing this game with no hints , I advise you do not read the following paragraph.As in most games there are cheats in ZT . Perhaps you were running out of cash , you could just push Ctrl-4 and you automatically get 10,000 bucks . -LRB- do this before you build anythin as it destroys your fences -RRB- Or if you were feeling very mean you could name a gueest Alfred H. and birds would come and freak out all the people . Alfred Hitchcock lives on ! There are many cheats to either help your zoo or make the people miserable . You can find them on many Zoo Tycoon web sites.Overall Zoo Tycoon is a great game for all ages to play and I highly recomend it . I enjoyed it!Pros : - Great graphics-Cool Cheats-You get to pick male or female animals-The animals have babies-Good information on the animals-You get to design exhibits with foilage and decorations-Freeform or challenge zoos-In freeform you can have up to 500 thousand dollars-Terrorize the zoo and its inhabitants with one click of a mouse-Build a beautiful zoo to please animals , guests and yourselfCons : - It can be slightly slow at times-You can only have right angles on the fences limiting creativity-The people and animals can be to hard to pleaseOverall it 's a very neato frito game
 When I looked at this game without opening it , I thought to myself it reminded me of Roller Coaster Tycoon . The graphics are very detailed and wonderful ! I tried and game out . Let me tell you , if you love RollerCoaster Tycoon , you will adore this game!You can build secure exhibits so people can see animals like the elephant , penguin , and sea lion . But be careful . If you do n't have a strong enough fence or a fence monkies ca n't climb out of , or your animals can escape and terrorize your guests!There are many buildings to add to the fun like a Japanese Garden or Animal Show.So all together , the gameplay is pretty much the same as RollerCoaster Tycoon , only this is a zoo instead of a themepark . = o -RRB-
 A lot of people have said rightfully that this is a lot like Rollercoaster Tycoon , from the gameplay right down to the graphics . Whilst this is true , it 's no real bad thing necessarily ; Rollercoaster Tycoon was a great game and so is this . Right from the time Theme Park was released all those years ago , a similar game for a zoo was just waiting to be made , and finally here it is . The game offers freeform or scenario games , although for beginners it 's best to start with scenarios , which offer a basic tutorial to the game . They include just placing new items , taking over a delapidated zoo and making it popular again or concentrating on one type of animal , say big cats.There are a lot of animals to choose from , although of course you have to research a lot of them , which helps make you feel like you 're aiming for something rather than just building randomly . You could even say that it 's educational , given that each species has a neat little factfile to go with them and especially seen as you have to ensure that each animal 's habitat is ideally suited to the one they would have in the wild . Balance this with customer happiness and cashflow and you 're got yourself a winning zoo.My only real complaint is that it can get a little frustrating occassionally if two animals in the same enclosure both want different things -LRB- this seems to happen a lot in the chimpanzee enclosure for some reason -RRB- , but apart from that this is a very good game indeed . It 's educational , addictive , and there are even two add-on packs now . And did I mention you can get baby animals ?
 I 'm not a huge fan of zoos , but Zoo Tycoon -LRB- ZT -RRB- is better than I imagined ! To sum it up , this is an AWESOME game !!! I 'm a newly married graduate student working on my Ph.D. . I have been waiting patiently for a sim that comes close to the near perfection of the Rollercoaster Tycoon -LRB- RCT -RRB- series . Now the wait is over ! I tried the ZT demo and was so hooked that I purchased the full version the very next day . The game play is amazingly similar to that of the RCT series , so fans of these games should have no problem.For those of you who do n't like to spend tens of dollars on sequels , you 'll be happy with ZT since you 'll find that they wo n't be necessary . ZT comes loaded with tons of animals , scenery , guest attractions , and other features that will ensure that no two zoos will ever be the same . -LSB- Picnic tables are even included ... a pet peeve of mine about the RCT series . -RSB- There are 13 scenarios provided , but for those who prefer freeform zoo construction , there are dozens of options for you as well . You can even alter the amount of money you begin with so money will not be a problem if you truly want to rid yourself of constraints.There is quite a bit of precision that is involved in playing ZT , from providing just the right balance of terrain types and foliage for each animal exhibit , to replacing worn out terrain and fencing . Most of the buildings can also be customized by painting their roofs . In addition , you have to be mindful of the number and gender of the animals you place in each exhibit . If conditions are right , the animals will have babies . If not , your animal population will start to decline due to illness , old age , or -LRB- sniff -RRB- an untimely death.I 'm sure that as players explore the challenges of ZT , there will be some talk about what is not currently available and should be in future sequels . I for one will spend countless hours enjoying ZT as is . ZT is a wonderful addition to the world of sims !
 My interest in simulation games goes back to the original SimCity . Since then , I 've played everything from SimAnt to Sims
 Remember how a excited you would be as a kid to go to the zoo?Now imagine how exciting it would be to design a zoo ! Now thank Microsoft and BlueFang for having created a game that allows you to do just that in a simple , yet highly entertaining manner.What 's great about this game ? * everything * lots of animals to choose from -LRB- new animals can be downloaded from the internet -RRB- * educational -LRB- you can learn about the animals as you build your zoo -RRB- * challenging , fun scenarios to play -LRB- which do n't resemble each other - and do n't have to be played in order -RRB- * the management -LRB- business -RRB- aspect is realistic , yet not overwhelming * fun stalls and other items to add to your zoo -LRB- for augmenting your income -RRB- * putting compatible animals together can increase the attractiveness of the exhibit -LRB- and add to your challenge as a zoo keeper -RRB- * `` moody '' animals keep you busy with their moaning and groaning * animal toys may help appease some of the aforementioned animals * updates automatically by connecting to the internet -LRB- a nice touch -RRB- * a flying santa appears at Christmas time -LRB- just for laughs ! -RRB-
 When i first bought this game i was unsure that my daughter was even going to like this . However , i was quite wrong . She plays this game non-stop all the time . And because she loved it so much she had me buy Dinosaur Digs and Marine Mania . I recommend any simulation game lover to try this game , IT 'S WORTH THE MONEY !!!!
 I do n't play this game but my 9 year old daughter does and she LOVES it ! We also purchased the expansion game . She plays for hours on end and enjoys creating her own zoo ! Good game at a GREAT price !
 I got this for my daughter ... and she has thoroughly enjoyed it more than the roller coast game ! It 's fun and exciting to build your own zoo and with expansion games it 's evn more fun ! The game is great as you have to keep all the animals and guests happy . And if they are not happy you lose your previlages to purchase new animals , you do n't get funding , people stop coming to the zoo and you slowly but surely -LRB- and in some cases very rapidly -RRB- lose money . It 's a great game to teach children about responibility as far as caring for animals , managing money , etc. . It 's not as if they can just build a cage , stick an animal in it and that 's it . You have to provide shelter , foliage , rocks , grass , water , snow , toys , food , animal trainers , etc. . And you need maintenance workers to repair fences , clean the grounds , etc. . It 's a lot of fun and you can spend hours on this game . I can honestly say that I 've enjoyed it just as much as my daughter . I started playing it about 10 at night and it only seem like 30 minutes went by but it was already 1:30 in the morning ! So time really does fly when you are playing this very enjoyable and what I believe to be a good educational tool for both children and adults ! ...
 I bought Zoo Tycoon and the Expansion Pak for my sister this Christmas and she loves it ... but not more than I do . I consider myself an action and sports gamer yet , when I tried Zoo Tycoon , I could n't stop playing . For anyone that loves SimCity , this is just as good if not better . The only problem I have with this game is that I have too much fun playing it which makes time fly for me .
 This game is the best ! It has everything from awesome animals to small amusements . It is a good simulation of the processes real zoos must go through for their exhibits . You create jsut the right habitat for each species of animal . The better you do with `` easy '' animals and the more research you do , the more exotic your exhibits can become . I learned a ton about all sorts of animals without even trying . If you like the Rollercoaster Tycoon Series , you 'll enjoy this one , too .
 If your not carefull you will loose track of time playing this wonderful game ! its fun , to build and also kinda fun to stick diffrent animals with others and see what happens , no blood and gust , just a cloud of smoke and stars , -LRB- like an old looney tune cartoon -RRB-
 This game is an extremely fun an addictive sim , yet does n't contain any content that may seem offensive or innappropriate for anyone . It contains educational material , such as information about the animals you are buying and adopting , as well as financial education , with the monitoring of the income of your zoo . It is very realistic , with how many options it has . You may adopt just about the same range of different animals that a real zoo may , and the exhibits can look like almost anything.All in all , this game is perfect for anyone who loves sims , or realistic gaming experiences . It is purley strategy and will require strategic inteligence , as well as a love for this kind of game .
 I bought Zoo Tycoon after a friend told me she liked it . Now I am addicted to it ! You can name your zoo , hire workers , adopt animals , and use lots of neat items to build the ultimate zoo . Animals will be unhappy if you have the wrong kind of habitat for them . You can tell if your animal is sick , hungry , angry , or unhappy with its environment so you can know what the animal needs to be happy . If the animals are happy , so are the guests . You have to set up beverage and food stands and bathrooms so the guests will be happy . I do n't regret buying this game and I still play it every day ! Hope this helped !
 is so much fun . Ive played it so many times . Ice had it for 3 years and i still play it !
 This game is really good ! When I played a demo , I loved it , but when I played the real game I liked it a lot more ! Zoo Tycoon is one of the best games in my opinion . Do n't have one ? What are you waiting for ? Buy one and be sure that you are n't spending out your money !
 ... it is totally adictive.u start off by the practice game 2 get u started and then u can play freeform ! with soo much 2 do -LRB- caring 4 your animals , building exhibits , restraunts , reptile houses , water fountains , gift shops , elephant rides -RRB- u wil always be playing on it no matter what!the music is really cool and if you get bored of building your own zoo try the sceniros . -LRB- u have 2 do the tasks they want in a limited time only . -RRB- oh and becarful cos if your animals r not happy lots of terrible things happen so beware !!!!!!!!!
 ... but the concept of running your own zoo fasinates me . I 'm probably the only 23 yr . old that think this would be a cool game to play .
 I used to love the sims , until my friend got Zoo Tycoon . I went crazy ! I tried to go to his house every day . Then I started asking my parents for it . I finally got it . It was great ! You choose how much cash you want to start with , and you choose what kind of zoo you want . Then you get to build exhibits and stuff for people . And your zoo just gets bigger and bigger ! There are also sencarios , where you get a started zoo , and you have to meet a certin goal . Overall , I think this is the best CD-ROM I 've ever played .
 this game is so fun and i can do what ever i want in the zoo !!!
 This is the best game ! Just see for yourself ! I was supposed to type in some FAQ , but then something horrible happened ! It got deleted ! And i only had so much time . And it was very useful to you begginers but then it just deleted the 4-paragraph review ! Plese forgive me ! Ill put it in later.And make sure to download APE for your game . I have it and i made a bunch of animals and objects on it.You 'll be playing it for HOURS !! just like me . Check out Zoo Admin for people who are in LOVE this game !
 I love this game but bottem line is It can be fun but playing it can get repeative . Thanks !
 I got this for my 12yr old granddaughter and she loves it . I wish I had gotten her the expansion pack . she loves the computer and this keeps her busy .
 It is a good game with many good points . Therefor I rate it at 4 stars .
 Zoo Tycoon is AWESOME !! I love to play it . I ordered it from amazon.com and could n't wait to play it . I highly suggest it for kids who like to learn about animals . It 's so much fun !
 I was really impressed on this game . I was gon na get Mall Tycoon , but I looked at the players reviews and it got poor results , so i got this . You have to try this game . by the way , if you know where you can play the demo verson , email me
 I was kind of leary to by this game considering it has the tycoon word in it . I was skeptical after having purchased roller coaster tycoon and all of it 's expansion packs . I took the chance since I do love animals as much as roller coasters . The first thing I noticed with this game was the fact that it had better explanations on how to work the tools through tutorials unlike the roller coaster tycoon . In fact after a couple of the easy games I became so hooked that I found myself playing it for up to eight hours at a time on my days off . I also liked the feature of downloading different animals and park features off of the zoo tycoon website . The only thing that would make this game better is if they would add Meerkats !
 this is a wonderful game to have . you can build your own zoo . if you want to work at a zoo when you grow up this is a great game to have . you can also just have it for fun . this game showes you and tells you what animal likes what . some animals are zebras , elephants , flamingos , geraffs , polar bears , lions , tigers and so on . if you like animals , computer games and building this is a perfect game for you . i suggest that all of you out there go and buy this game .
 Microsoft finally did something right ! Zoo Tycoon is quite a good game . It 's a lot like Rollercoaster Tycoon . There are various scenarios where you must build a zoo and ensure that you 've a certain number of exhibts , get a certain number of guests , etc. . There 's also a freeform mode that 's quite fun . I bought this as a bundle with Monopoly Tycoon , and this is most certainly the better of the two.The one thing that I did n't like is that the interface is a bit slow at times , and it can be a bit confusing . Overall , for the fans of Rollercoaster tycoon , and like games -LRB- Sim City , etc. -RRB- , would like this game .
 There are plenty of scenarios to keep you busy for a while , but having completed all of those , I 'm having the most fun in sandbox mode , creating fantasy zoos.Be forewarned , however -- having provided a home for all of these magnificent animals , you must devote yourself to their continued happiness . If you do n't , they will let you know . Some of them will express their displeasure by attacking your guests , which has quite an effect on the overall mood , which directly relates to your profits.There are tons of cheats on the internet for this game . Of course , I know you would never use them in the scenarios , but a couple hundred thousand extra bucks > : . come in real handy when constructing the zoo of your dreams.I eagerly await the dinosaur expansion for this game , available sometime in Summer 2002 .
 i love this game !! i begged my mom to get me this and when it finally did come , well , you can geuss what happend.i have about 20 games now !!
 There &#65533; s only one way to describe Zoo Tycoon
 I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Sim City or any games similar to that . The best things about this game are some of the little details . I was thrilled when some of my animals started having babies ! It was also cool to see the great variety of animals and props I could get for my zoo . You get to creat everything in your zoo from the types of trees that are around to the kind of sidewalk that makes up the path . You can also build your zoo in different settings like the moon or Mars . It 's great for kids , too !
 Probably one of the best games that I have used , is Microsoft Zoo Tycoon.The features are excellent , program interface is easy and self explanatory , and plenty of fun!As with every new game , there are certainly a few `` bugs '' to iron out , but that should n't stop anyone from buying this game . Seems like it is a lot better than some of those other `` tycoon '' games I have heard about ... If you 're looking for hours -LRB- or days ! -RRB- of fun , buy this game !
 If you are totally into animals and are 7-8 years old , you -LRB- and your parents -RRB- can spend hours playing this game . From playing preset scenarios to creating your own zoo from scratch , you 'll have loads of fun . My daughter loves being in charge of each creating the right habitat for each animal she `` adopts . '' She 's had this game for 2 months and plays it whenever she can .
 i loved it thats all i have to say getit
 Basically , RollerCoaster Tycoon is the best sim game ever . Zoo Tycoon is a great sim - yet different.While RollerCoaster Tycoon is somewhat quick-paced , Zoo Tycoon takes patience . Screaming rollercoasters are n't quite the same as keeping quiet Pandas happy . However , despite the slow pace , Zoo Tycoon can keep you glued to the screen for hours.My favorite mode is free mode , where you simply design a zoo with a given amount of money . Implementing your zoo scenery and landscaping with your exhibits is an interesting and difficult task.There are over 40 animals , tons of exhibit foliage , fences , and toys , as well as three different staff members to hire . The result ? A game big enough to keep you entertained . If you enjoyed RollerCoaster Tycoon , this is worth a shot . If you loved RCT , buy this now .
 In this game you can actually build and create your own zoo with a certain amount of money ! The more you build the more objects become available . You have to provide the proper habitats for each animal and the right fencing . Hire zoo keepers , tour guides and maintenance workers , buy hamburger and drink stands for the guests and you 'll have a zoo tycoon !!!!
 ZOo Tycoon is a great game because it lets you build a zoo , while choosing almost everything ! THere are some funny little things like if you name a guest `` Mr. Blue '' the roofs and all the guests shirts wil turn blue ! Also , in November a witch on a broomstick flies over the zoo for Halloween and in December Santa flies over with his reindeer ! It 's fun looking after animals and guests . THe best thing is you can make your zoo tropical , snowy , or even on Mars !
 I enjoy myself immensely when I play this game . One of the reasons I find it so entertaining is because there is always something you need to be doing . There is never time to just sit around in this game ; there is always a hungry animal , a dissatisfied guest , or new animals to adopt . The only problem I had was that it was very confusing , which is why I took away one star . Younger children would find it very difficult to figure out . I would reccomend this game for 9-13 year olds .
 This game is fun ! If you like animals you might also consider The Sims Unleashed . If you got Rollercoaster Tycoon and liked it , this is THE game for you . The people that visit the zoo are better than the people in Rollercoaster Tycoon because there are children and girls-not just boys that all look the same . Rollercoaster Tycoon people have more personality , though . There are many different animals to choose from . My personal favorites are the pigs . All of the animals can have babies and they are all realistic . If you want a fun game with interesting graphics and new possibilities in game play every single time you play , GET ZOO TYCOON ! If you are buying this game for someone I reccomend it to girls 9 + of boys 11 + because my little brother never plays it . He likes car racing . I hope you found my review useful !
 Zoo Tycoon seperates itself from other `` Tycoon '' games . Lots of great animals , including ones you can download of their site . A must for tycooners looking for a different tycoon game . Build reptile houses and primate houses . Breed the rare Giant Panda and recieve an award . Have lions and tigers . Polar bear galore . Gators , birds , monkeys , camels , elephants , kangaroos , giraffes , yeti 's , reindeer , hippos , cheetahs , leopards , and MORE ! Build your own zoo for fun or take the challenge to become the real Zoo Tycoon !!
 I can play this for hours . Many animals , stores , and additions you can unlock . Can be played many different ways , and it has several maps of all sizes . I can sit here and replay it many times and each time will turn out differently . A game you wont get bored with .
 It is a fun game overall . But after a while , all your animals go sad . And non of its workers do anything , no matter how many u have . The people would walk off the side walks and would walk where ever . It scarred me when i first seen this , cuz all of them were in a line walking in a box formation , so i took tigers and let them eat em . But anyways , its a nice game for minimum fun . i am gald I got it though , hope you have funn !!
 Whoa microsoft really knows what their customers want . this is an inngenious idea i mean it 'll get get kids hooked for hours on end ! well i thinkk this and flight simulator 2002 will be the best games of the 2001-2002 year
 This game must be good . But it remdinds me on Roller Coaster Tycoon . It 's the same way how to build . But I think the idea is great . So . Must be a good game .
 My husband gave me this game for Christmas and I was completly sucked into the gaming pit for three days before I came up for air . So I think that this is a great game . The animals are make cute sounds and -- especially the babies -- and it is great fun -LRB- but expensive -RRB- to put a flamingo into a Lions cage . Hee hee . There are times though when the game play is tedius . Just waiting for things to happen , for example money to come in to buy new animals or improve existing animal displays or waiting for advances to be found can be pretty boring and I would love to have a fast advance button like in the Sims . Other than that this is a great game .
 I downloaded the demo of Zoo Tycoon off of Microsoft.com It is a good demo , with enough detail and teasers to have made me play late into the night . I will be buying this game very shortly.I love games like The Sims , Age of Empire , Caesar III and Black & White , etc. . From what I can tell from the demo , this game is very detailed oriented , like the beforementioned games . Plus , it has the freedoms that micro-managing-builder gamers , like myself , live for ! It does feel like it is a bit more geared for children but that does n't take away from the fun . If you like the games mentioned about , I have no doubt you will get hours of enjoyment with Zoo Tycoon .
 When I heard that Zoo Tycoon -LRB- ZT -RRB- is coming , I expect zoo version of that famous and interesting Roller Coaster Tycoon -LRB- RCT -RRB- . And I found that my speculation was correct ... so much ! Do n't get me wrong . I 'm not sorry that ZT is similar to RCT . Actually I 'm a bit satisfied and relieved that this is not the case of Pool of Radiance which tried to be different from Baldur 's Gate and a bit failed in a gaming sense . All in all , I enjoyed ZT as much as I 've enjoyed RCT . And I prefer animals to coasters ... I am actually having more fun . So why did n't I give it 5 stars ? Because ZT has no breaking-through ideas which is , as I mentioned before , good for this game .
 My daughter , age 8 , and I just love to play this game together . She thinks its great to buy animals and create cage environments where her animals are so happy they even have babies . She laughs when all of mom 's animals are getting sick or even escaping a poorly designed cage . This game is clever , easy to work without endless hours pouring over the manual , and just plain fun . And now my 8 year old knows you ca n't put a lion in a deciduous forest !!
 This game is really fun . It is fun because you get to manage and own a zoo . You get to make the cages the animals are in . You get to choose the animals . You have to make the animals and guests happy or else the animals will not entertain your guests and the guests will leave . This game is good for anyone who likes animals .
 Really fun . Its is almost like real . But the funny thing is when you let the animals out you do n't get in trouble . Has alot of animals to choose from . You can also add buildings like animal buildings food places . Be careful do n't spend to much money on new animals every second . I really like it that they teach you about animals . Oh yeah if you do well you get awards .
 This game is awesome ! My husband , daughter , and I fight over who gets to use this game . My daughter -LRB- 11 -RRB- has made the most unbelievable zoos . She even figured out how to get a triceratops for her zoo . It never gets boring !
 Zoo Tycoon is a good game . The animal reation is good . There 's a lot of information about the animals . The Zookeepers good ... well at least at the beggining and you can even download new stuff but there 's one problem . The guests are are not responsive . Here 's an example . I was playing ZooTycoon when they said a lot of the guests were hungry . I fixed that by adding food stands but they are still saying that they are hungry . So I added even more food stands and now I have a lot of foodstands all over the zoo and they continue to say a lot of the guests are hungry . There 's also a problem with the zookeeppers . At the beggining , they feed the animals quickly . But soon they start feeding the animals very slowly . Pretty soon a lot of my animals were hungry because of this . So lets just say everything 's good except for the guests and zookeepers .
 When we first purchased this game we told our 5 year old that this was an adult game and that he 'd have to wait a few years before playing it . He watched us for awhile , got the hang of it and now creates a better zoo than his parents and he 's not yet reading . It certainly helps to be able to read but much of it can be done without . Its great for learning about animals and their environments . We highly recommend this game as an alternative to -LSB- other gaming -RSB- trash . Enjoy !
 I * loved * Roller Coaster Tycoon , so when I saw Zoo Tycoon and read that they played similar , I could n't wait to pick it up.I do n't like it as much as I liked RCT though ... it 's RCT minus the fun of building the roller coasters , which I really enjoyed.I do like building the zoo , however . The animals are neat , the sounds and graphics are pretty good , and the interface was easy for me to use . I do miss some of the RCT features though , like controlling the prices of your food kiosks globally . The patrons of your zoo are much more varied and interesting than the `` peeps '' of RCT.Overall , a good fun game , but not quite as addicting as RCT was . I 'm already getting a bit bored with it , and have had it only a month .
 I think Zoo Tycoon is the best building game I have ever played . You can have so many different animals , and even make beaches by combining water and sand . One of the only problems is that the animals reproduce way too fast . I started with 4 lions and ended up with 26 ! Luckily , you are able too sell your animals . I HIGHLY recommend this game . It is really fun .
 I did my zookeeper internship at Roger Williams Zoo in Providence , Rhode Island and worked as a docent -LRB- tour guide -RRB- for 5 years . I 'm currently in grad school for Animal Nutrition and this game is right up my alley ! It keeps me interested and I do n't get bored because not only are there more than 30 animals you can adopt , you can add all kinds of scenery that will keep the guests coming back , happy & donations coming in . There are also several different zoo scenes from which to choose . The instructions are very easy & if you make any wrong moves , prompts guide you along . You wo n't be wasting your money with this game .
 What a great way to spend -LRB- ... -RRB- ! I love these games where I get to run the world and Zoo Tycoon makes it even better because now I take care of animals . If that is n't enough , I also get to make a profit as I run my own zoo , watch my animals have babies , make designer animals pens and more ! This game is easy to play and a lot of fun . There are also a lot of extras out on the net so make sure you press the convenient `` Check for Downloads '' button on the main screen . It automatically checks the net for updates and downloads them into the correct directories for easy use . Great feature !
 I 'm not big on zoos . So I hesitated for a while before purchasing this game . I thought , eh , how exciting can a zoo really be?It is . It 's quite fun . It 's not anything mind-blowing , and the premise follows the same SIM format as other games , but it 's really quite a delightful little game.You set up your zoo with various animals ranging from Tropical to North American . Then you set up food stands , gift shops , restaurants , trash bins ; everything to make your guests happy and comfortable.You also hire staff -- from zoo keepers who tend the animals , to tour guides to maitenance staff to keep the park clean -- and fences mended so the lions do n't get out!I could see how this game would be an excellent tool for parents to teach children about wildlife -- its needs , what elements it requires to live happily , its point of origin.But it 's also a fun game for adults if you 're a fan of SIM games . The interface is smooth and intuitive , and after the imposed tutorial at the beginning you can plunge right into it.All in all , it 's a great game . Enjoy !
 I have always been intrigued by the `` Tycoon '' computer games - this is my first to purchase . Let me tell you - what a blast ! The instructions are simple and clear ; the graphics are fantastic ; the selection of animals and objects to be placed in the zoo grow as you are creating the zoo - lots to choose from ! I played this game with my kids , ages 10 & 5 - they really enjoyed it . Once you get your zoo up and running , the game provides messages regarding the status of animals and guests - the kids really get into it , yelling `` Mom ! The chimpanzees are n't happy ! '' - Lots of fun . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I really wish I had n't bought this game . Why ? Because it is sooo addictive that I ca n't stop playing it . The scenarios teach you the basics and free-form allows you to create a beautiful zoo or a terror filled zoo of havoc . And to make it even better , you can download new stuff from Microsoft . -LRB- I still have n't figured out what to do with the yeti - anitsocial beast wo n't come out of its cave . -RRB-
 Fans of Roller Coaster Tycoon will certainly enjoy this game . It is full of the addictiveness and is just as fun . If not , it is funner ! Build roads , animal houses , shops , and food stands to make customer 's happy . Buy rocks , trees , 15 different cage styles , shelters , and terrain types so your animals will squeal with delight . You can chooses missions , which have set goals and times , or try freeform . SimCity players will enjoy the freeform mode . THis game also has many cheats and easter eggs , which I know many of you appreciate . If you are a simulation person , then this is the game to get !
 What a cute game ! If you do n't know , it 's a Sim game based on creating a zoo that inhabitable for animals and fun for adults . It 's a little more realistic than the usual park games and not so tedious , either.First the good
 Unlike some tycoon games which are a bit too tedious and require a lot of time and patience , Zoo Tycoon is so easy to get into and very entertaining and enjoyable fun for all ages.It has it 's flaws -LRB- do n't most games ?! -RRB- but at the end of the day , I have n't played a game this enjoyable for a long time.Build your zoo , look after it , keep the animals happy and get funding to buy the more rarer animals ... The animals look and sound great even though they are very small graphics -LRB- A sequel could improve on this and allow to take a closer look at them , and maybe an even more bigger variety of animals -RRB- ... At the end of the day , Zoo Tycoon is one of those games which make you wonder why they do n't make more of this sort of thing ... Highly recommended ! : -RRB-
 This game is about designing a zoo . It 's a lot like Roller Coaster Tycoon or Mall Tycoon , only the graphics are better . This is reccomended to people who 've played the other games just mentioned and enjoyed them -- ! Like Roller Coaster Tycoon , you need to beat scenarios . You have to complete a zoo , with all the goals completed -LRB- it will list the goals before you start your game -RRB- . Usually , you have to achieve an average animal happiness of whatever , an average park rating of whatever , and sometimes you have to have a certain number of exhibits , if you complete all that , you will get a new scenario . You have to achieve all this with 75,000 or less dollars -LRB- it goes down the more scenarios you complete and the harder they get -RRB- . In this game you 're really trying to make both the animals and the guests content . To do this , design animals ' exhibit well and make sure that their cage is well suited and that they are fed . Guests need places to sit and food to eat.The good thing about this game also , is you can play a `` Freeform Game '' , which is a scene , but you do not have to complete any goals or anything , and start and the amount of money you want is optional . -LRB- Up to $ 500,000 is most to start -- but here 's a cheat -- hold down the Shift button and the $ button BEFORE you make any exhibits and watch your money go SOARING up !! -RRB- It 's really fun to play this way , but after awhile , it does get boring to not have a challenge.This game crashes easily , almost always when you 're playing a freeform game . About between 30-60 mins . is when mine usually crashes . Another reason why it crashes is if you 're using a cheat on the game like trying to get a Yeti or Unicorn -LRB- I listed some cheats for you to try below , so get out your pen and pencil ! -RRB- . I suggest if you want to use a cheat for getting a nonexistent animal , make sure that the exhibit is NOT brand new.If you 're bored with the game and need something fun to do , or you 're going to recieve this game real soon , I suggest trying/writing down one of these fun cheats : * Unusual Cheats * Start freeform game , and hold down the Shift and $ button and watch your money go way up . The amount of money is unlimited , but eventually you 'll get bored of holding down the two buttons . =P Do n't do this with existing exhibits , otherwise the exhibit walls will crumble and break!Name a guest Steve Serafino and recieve all the endangered animals on your animals listPlace a lion , tiger and bear all in the same exhibit and recieve the Yellow Brick Road path * Rare and Unusual Animals * To adopt a Unicorn , name an Exhibit `` Xanadu '' and check your animals list . You 'll have a Unicorn!To adopt a Yeti , start out with an exhibit named `` Exhibit 1 '' then rename it `` Kathmandu '' to adopt a Yeti . Make sure it is n't a new exhibit!To adopt a Triceratops , name an exhibit `` Cretaceous Corral . '' Check your animals list and you 'll be able to adopt this dinosoarRename a Panda `` Blackly '' and it will turn into a red pandaName a kangaroo Sheila and it will turn into Spyro 's friend SheilaName a Yeti Bigfoot and you 'll be able to adopt a BigfootName a reindeer Rulpoln and it 's nose will glow red . Name another reindeer Dancer and it will dance with a female reindeerI suggest going to a cheat site for more cheats . = -RRB-
 This game may not have the best graphics , but the scenarios and freeform games keep you busy . In scenarios you have different objectives to aclomplise . In freeform games , you have no boundaries -LRB- except money ! -RRB- to hold you back . There are a total of 44 different species to choose from !!! There are also many awards you can get . The best award you can get-which I got not once but twice ! - is best zoo in the country -LRB- even though I got it twice it is still hard to get ! -RRB- . One tip -LRB- in case you have money problems ! -RRB- is to hold the shift +4 button -LRB- a.k.a $ button -RRB- and you get $ 10,000 !!!
 ... This is a really , really neat game and it is so much fun building the zoo , putting the animals in it and trying to keep them happy by putting in trees and rocks and water and other animals . I put a tiger in with a monkey and the tiger ate the monkey . That was n't a good thing . You also have to keep the people who visit your zoo happy by having bathrooms and benches and food and drinks and stuff like that . And if the people notice that the animals are n't happy then the people are n't happy and your zoo starts to lose money and some organization wo n't let you adopt any more pets until they are all happy . You can also run out of money . It 's different from Roller Coaster Tycoon where on RCT you can close a ride , close the park and stuff like that and you ca n't do that with this game . I wish you could and that is the only thing that I do n't like about this game but other than that it really rocks !!! You should buy it . ...
 Listen , I really do n't care for most computer games . I do n't like shoot-em-ups and blood and violence . Nor do I like games that depend on fast reaction times . When pressed to define what my perfect game would be , I always said `` I just want to wander around and look at things and maybe create things . I do n't want to destroy anything or mount invasions . `` Zoo Tycoon is the perfect game ! It pretty much offers something for everyone . -LRB- I mean , if you WANT to , you CAN let the lions out on your unsuspecting crowd to satisfy your blood lust ... -RRB- It is so easy to use that you do n't have to read anything first . Nor do you have to research anything or spend massive amounts of time setting things up . You can just dive in and start playing right away . Helpful tutorials teach you everything you need to know , and simple scenarios get you started . Or , you can play the game in freeform mode , and just start designing your own zoo.Because you choose your own level , the game play can either be easy or devilishly challenging , as you choose . -LRB- What DO giraffes want to make them happy , anyway ?! -RRB- In addition to the challenge of using preset scenarios that have deadlines and goals , you can also just noodle around . As you play , delightful surprises appear as time goes by.I 've already spent several nights unaware of time flying by , finding to my surprise that hours have disappeared -- suddenly it 's 5 AM . And I have to get up at 6 to go to work ! Ack!I think this is one of those games that will be satisfying for a long time , as the possible permutations of landscaping , attractions , and animals are infinite.I 'm pretty much addicted . I went to the San Diego Zoo this weekend , and found myself redesigning the zoo in my head!I love it !
 This game is very fun and addictive . The easy guides and manual help you get into the game right away . Your goal is to make the best zoo park for your guests and keep your animals happy . No game simulates as good as this , and everything is easy to use . You can buy many animals , shops , and scenery while trying to make a profit running your zoo . There are different scenarios which you must meet a goal , or you can play a freeform game where all you are doing is trying to make the best zoo ever with plenty of money . Great game for tycoonists around the world who try to have fun while running certain themes . If you are a fan of RCT -LRB- Roller Coaster Tycoon -RRB- and an animal lover you will enjoy this game . An A + game to have ! Enjoy !
 If you like games that have simulations and not violence then you will love this game . You need to design , build , and maintain a working zoo . You have animals and people to keep happy . You have up keep on your property and you need to pay your workers.I have found this game to be a challenge . I play it everyday trying new designs for the scenarios building on my knowledge each day . Design of the zoo is very important . You start by building enclosure and pleasing the animals but soon it is just not the animals you need to please now you must also please the people . You think that you have won the scenario , oh but no the black leopards are not having fun . You give them a toy and now the people can not find a bench . You put one in and now you need a maintenance worker because trash is overflowing . etc. . . This game is full of challenges . It is hours of fun . Do not think that you will be able to start the game and walk away in a couple of hours and not think about it . You will be think of strategies at work and in bed.You will become Addicted !!
 when i start this game ... i was soooo happy that this is the game that i was looking for and this game is rocks . . i like this game alot . . : -RRB- is you like stratergy games . . youll like this game for sure . .
 Zoo Tycoon is very similar to Roller Coaster Tycoon . It is a lot of fun with many different types of terrains to start from . You can even download a Yeti . If you enjoy any of the Tycoon games , you will love this one .
 Common words in my house over the past couple of days . Now Microsoft even owns my four kids ! From 6 to 16 , my kids ca n't leave this game alone . And when my wife or I try to play , all we hear are complaints , `` When are you gon na be done ? '' ; `` It 's MY turn now ! '' ; `` We have n't eaten for three days ! '' ... stuff like that . Not since ` The SIMS ' has my house gone through so much turmoil . Loading this game for play in my house is like watching lions battle for dominance in their pecking order after a kill on National Geographic.It 's a true credit to this game , that they have made it simple enough for my 6-year old to play -LRB- and do pretty well -RRB- , yet challenging enough to keep my 16-year old off the phone for hours.You start with any one of a LARGE number of open terrain maps of varying sizes and shapes for your zoo . Build an enclosure , make it good so the little animals are happy , adjust the terrain , add plants and toys , get a trainer , reasearch new items , skills for your workers , flora and fauna , as well as new places for your customers to go . You even get awards for different accomplishments ! This game really has it all ! AND if I ever DO get bored of being the all time # 1 Zoo Tycoon in my family for all available maps , I have plans for terrorizing guests with a `` SUDDENLY IT 'S A WILD ANIMAL PARK !! '' idea ... Buy the game . You 'll see what I 'm talking about - just do n't tell your kids you have it for a few weeks .
 I am a big fan of games like zoo tycoon and I was not disappointed when I bought this game . The scenarios are great because they 're challenging and each one is different so it stays interesting . The game is great , they 're so many different options it keeps me playing for hours .
 This is the best computer game I have ever played . If you are a fan of strategy games then you will love this game . If not then I 'm sure you will be after playing this game .
 I do n't normally play sims , but this one kept me entertained for hours right off the bat . Easy to get started with the tutorials , educational -LRB- learn about money management , animals , and plants -RRB- , lushly detailed visuals . There 's even Zoo Poo ! This game further helps to prove that a good title does n't have to contain blood and guts - oh your animals can escape , but the most they 'll do is shake the heck outta people ! Do n't hesitate to get this one - it 's a charmer .
 My 8 yr . old son and myself are hooked ! Design habitats , zoo layout , organize your staff , and make those donors happy ! Keep the customers satisfied ... that means the animals ! Ornery giraffes and chippy chimps are definitely a no-no ! PS - do n't let that jaguar eat an antelope either , oh no !
 This is a great game in which I have been playing on and off for a couple months . I love managing and making sure that everyone is happy . This is n't a game that you play for the first few days and then throw it in the corner . You feel abligated to the animals to come back . Great fun !
 This game is fun but the reason why i put 4 stars , is because sometimes the guests can be mad and leave the area.But still it 's fun !!!! Enjoy Amazon.com !
 this game is loads of fun The expansion pack is necissary too . There are many animals and real restaurants on line as well . If you like RCT you 'll like this as well
 I have to admit that after experiencing the ups and downs -LRB- pun intended -RRB- of Roller Coaster Tycoon , I was a bit hesitant to purchase Zoo Tycoon . I figured that it was going to be very similar in that in many respects the game breezed , without there being any way of making money.I was wrong , and now I 'm glad that I made the investment . I play using both expansion packs , and although I am not sure how happy I am with Dinosaur Digs -LRB- the dinos have too much of a tendancy to escape , provided you do n't build moats , and they hate those ! -RRB- , but Zoo Tycoon itself has provided me with hours of entertainment . I 'm always looking for and finding new ways to build the zoo to make both guests and animals happier , and I 'm always thrilled when I find a new trick on my own!I did find a few bugs in the game , however , and I 've since found out that there are others who experience problems . Some of the animals are literally impossible to please unless you have the expansion packs installed . There is a patch available for Zoo Tycoon on the official website , but I did n't find that it worked by itself . Installing the double expansion pack did the trick though , and now it only takes about five minutes to produce a baby panda.I highly recommend this game for anybody who enjoys strategy . It is worth every penny you 'll spend on the game and it 's expansions . With all of the user-created animals and objects avaiable , there is no end to how far you can go within the game , and the strategy behind winning is spectacular .
 I only have the demo version of this I use it every day . there is n't a whole lot to say about this exept it is the greatest game in the world .
 i love this game . it very learing i learnd that if your going to own a zoo you gota have the animals in its write place . last week my friend put a bear in a polor bears place the bear got upset she moved him were he was soppose to be he was happy . i never new animals cared so much were they were at . if you like animals and want a great game to learn more and have fun with then buy this game it really is a good game i tell ya !
 WOW !!! This game is totally awsome . There are so many things to do and see . So many animals to buy and take care of . A few of them are
 This is a great game for all ages . My daughter -LRB- the college student -RRB- loves it . My niece and nephew -LRB- ages 3 and 4 -RRB- she plays till she gets bored , then he gets to delete the gates and watch all the animals run wild . I am embarassed to say it but I play almost every day .
 I have n't spent much time with this program yet but it has excellent potential for kids and adults who need to see the value of planning ahead.The graphics are nice and some of the instructions are funny , tongue in cheek stuff . All in all a good PC game if you have time to fiddle with it .
 Zoo Tycoon is the best computer game i 've ever had ! It keeps me busy for hours and I never get bored . With expansion packs it 's even more fun . I would suggest it for anyone who likes animals and is interested in zoos . You also learn about animals and what they like in their exhibits . The graphics are really good and the sounds are cool too . It 's a little hard when you start out but it gets easier . It 's the best game ever !
 Zoo Tycoon is fun.I love having all the babies.I have never played a game like this before.I definently want the expansion pack.It 's a must play !
 Zoo Tycoon was lots of fun ! I could n't wait to start making my own zoo . There are a pretty good variety of animals and plants-and a lot of things for your visitors . I thought it was funny when you see a tour guide , they usually have a pack of people behind them . :-RRB- It 's fun for a very long time , but after a while it does get kind of boring because your people get bored of your zoo . And it 's a little frustrating when you try and try and try to get your zookeepers to clean up the animals ' `` poo '' . Other than that , this game is a LOT of fun !!
 I got this for my 6 year old who loves animals thinking that she would get into it down the road . We play now at least 4 times weekly and my 4 year old joins in . We have built fairly complex scenario 's and I am now only needed to read some of the comments . They list mild violence , but that is only if you break down the walls on purpose and let animals eat guests . We just never do that . I am amazed at the things that my daughter comes up with to build . It allows great creativity and hours of fun for us all .
 I got Zoo Tycoon a couple weeks ago for my birthday and now I 'm addicted to it . The animals look so real and act like real animals . All the animals except the giraffe are easy to take care of . The giraffe is really picky and you have to change their terrain every five minutes . It 's really cool because you have to build your own zoo , hire workers to take care of your animals and your zoo . It 's nothing like roller coaster tycoon were you have to do a scenerio , on zoo tycoon you can play freeform and get up to 500,000 . I always get in trouble by my mom because I wont get off the computer ! The only thing I dont like that it takes forever to get the panda bear . But other than that its a really cool game and I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes zoo 's and animals !
 I bought this game after a few weeks of indecision about whether I should . My only regret is that I did n't buy it sooner . It 's extremely easy to learn and playable right out of the box . The scenarios are challenging , but not impossible , and the Sandbox mode -LRB- which allows you to set the amout of money you start out with -RRB- is a great way to learn the game without the limitations or requirements of scenarios.This would be a great game for kids as well !
 People who love RCT should really get into this game -LRB- altho it does come off as a rip-off of the RCT style and engine ... who cares , makes it easier to play ! -RRB- The one thing myself and my friends did notice right away when playing ... this game can be HARD ! There is a lot of things you need to concentrate on all at once and learning the types of foliage and terrains and the likes/dislikes of the MANY animals is more difficult than a basic knowledge of roller-coasters and go-carts to me.However , it does take the experience of running a Theme Park like RCT to do well in this game . You are responsible for budgets , marketing , in-park revenue -LRB- souveigners , food , etc. -RRB- , and staff . Adjusting prices , adjusting attractions , shows , and so forth.One thing that is GREAT about this game -LRB- I know everyone wished RCT had this -RRB- is the freestyle version ! Aside from playing several challenge scenerios , you can also start with a blank piece of land -LRB- with terrain and budget of your choosing ! -RRB- and have fun ! There are also plenty of free download add-ins for this game online!Once you get a handle on this game , you will instantly get hooked and love it ... it just takes a little patience at first . But sooner or later , you 'll be breeding lions just to sell them so you can open a new ice-cream cart
 Having received this game as a gift for Xmas , I 've spent QUITE a lot of time building , tweaking , and overseeing a couple of zoos , and very much enjoying it . It 's a great game , very family-friendly , and can teach one much about animals . Kudos also for the new animals available from the website -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I got Zoo Tycoon for Christmas and I think it is pretty cool . If you are a animal lover , this is the game for you ! There are tons of animals I love it . The only problem is it 's a little confusing . It 's not as easy to figure out as Rollercoaster Tycoon , but I think it more fun . I still do n't know how to get toys for animals and other things , but all in all I am having a lot of fun !
 Zoo tycoon is a seriously addictive , fun game!I love god games where there is never game over and where you can control EVERYTHING ! This game was perfect for my liking , and I recommend it to people of all ages !
 Zoo Tycoon is a good game . The animal reation is good . There 's a lot of information about the animals . The Zookeepers good ... well at least at the beggining and you can even download new stuff but there 's one problem . The guests are are not responsive . Here 's an example . I was playing ZooTycoon when they said a lot of the guests were hungry . I fixed that by adding food stands but they are still saying that they are hungry . So I added even more food stands and now I have a lot of foodstands all over the zoo and they continue to say a lot of the guests are hungry . There 's also a problem with the zookeeppers . At the beggining , they feed the animals quickly . But soon they start feeding the animals very slowly . Pretty soon a lot of my animals were hungry because of this . So lets just say everything 's good except for the guests and zookeepers .
 This is an awesome game for a gamer of any age . It requires strategy , but is easy to learn . The many sinarios make the possiblilties endless . Plus , when you dont want to play against an objective , you can play free-form mode . It is also a great gift idea for anyone .
 I loved this game ! It 's so fun ! It 's just like a real zoo . You can loose or earn money ! You get to buy animals and objects ! It 's so cool ! The animals can break out of the fences , just like in real life ! Have picnic tables and garbage cans all over your zoo , and giftstores , just like in real life ! This game is really realistic ! It has the animals , objects , you loose and earn money , and you can design your zoo the way you want it to be ! Higher staff , and see peoples thoughts about the animals ! But keep your animals and people happy , or you ` lle loose a lot of money !! Animal lovers , I reccomend this game for you !!
 I was really impressed on this game . I was gon na get Mall Tycoon , but I looked at the players reviews and it got poor results , so i got this . You have to try this game . by the way , if you know where you can play the demo verson , email me
 Zoo Tycoon is simply in one word FUN ! I am a huge fan of sim building types of games but Zoo Tycoon is different . It is a wonderful concept of a game . I mean who does n't love a good Zoo ? I have personally recreated the Audobon Zoo in New Orleans among other custom zoos . This game runs smoothly even on my dad 's slow Compaq system and runs absolutely amazing on my machine . I know that it might not be a crazy First Person Shooter game with a ton of gore , but watch out when your tigers escape and munch on your visitors . Quite simply put , this game is fun and will entertain for hour after hour for people of all ages . Trust me , I got my dad and my girlfriends mother to attempt the game and they were both hooked on the game for a couple of months . I readdicted my father with the Dinosaur Digs expansion pack and we still play . I have created one particular zoo that I am extremely proud of that is very glamorous and have possibly sold the idea to a major city in our fine USA . I have to keep that top secret as far as where it is ... sorry . Anyway go out and buy the game , give it a shot , you will not be disappointed .
 It is fantactic . I have the full version on my wish list . Even though the demo has only 4 animals -LSB- you can not get females on the demo -RSB- and not as much other stuff as the full version . It 's GRATE , FANTCTIC -LSB- I do n't know how much words I know how to discribe it so I 'll leave it as that -RSB- . Thanxz for reading this , Caitlin L Plant.P.s . Do not tease me becase of my name or if I had the chance I 'll tease you .
 Really good . When you first start it can be hard learning how to use all of the buttons and controls but after you play for a while it is really good . You can go mad on freedom games . You can pick how much money you start with . The puzzles and hard but fun . I really liked this games and everybody out there probabley finds it fun too .
 This game is far better than all the other `` Tycoon '' games . The graphics are good , you dont need a supercomputer to run it , and it is well worth the money ! Build zoos in locations all over the world , filled with animals from Penguins to Giant Elephants ! Best part
 I loved this game , mostly because I love animals . It 's really fun designing the perfect zoo , everything from the animals habitats to the ice cream stand . I had only three problems with it , 1 -RRB- You ca n't speed up time . This can be annoying if you 're doing a scenrio and you finish the objectives before your time is up . 2 -RRB- I did n't think you could really zoom in enough . There were twi sttings , far away and really far away . It would have been better to get closer to the animals and people . 3 -RRB- The zookeepers are really , really , stupid . You can assign a million of them to one exhibit , and the animal will still be starving in a filthy cage.These things are annoying , but not enough to ruin the game . I still recomend that you should buy it .
 I have played many simulations over the years and this is the first one I 've seen for a zoo . Of course I had to get it . Overall , it is a great game . The controls and gameplay are fairly easy to understand . The graphics are highly detailed and really help to get you into the game . It 's fun to watch the animals in their habitat . With many terrains , buildings , animals , scenery , and objectives to work with , it 's an overall entertaining sim . This game has one really big flaw that keeps it from getting 5 stars ... CHARACTER AI ! The handymen are about as dumb as they can get when it comes to computer sims . No matter how many you place , they all go for the same trash to clean up . . regardless to their proximity to other trash . In Rollercoaster Tycoon , the handymen cleaned up the closest mess . Not only that , but in RCT , you can zone the handymen . I 'm surprised Microsoft let Blue Fang slip this large problem through . I purchased the Dinosaur Digs expansion because I love Jurassic Park , but the AI problem is still there . The problem also exists with the maintenance people , but it 's not as noticeable since they really do n't do much . I hope that future expansions include AI improvements.If you can overlook the AI problem , Zoo Tycoon is an enjoyable , realistic zoo sim with plenty to do !
 This is the best tycoon game out!You get to pick up to 200 Animals and you get to pick diffrent themes for your park.say you wanted gorilla 's in your park you get to make the jungle you want them in.The other thing is if you put the wrong fence to fence in your animal they can break through the fence then you have to get your handy men to handle it back to the cage.So REMEMBER THIS IS THE BEST TYCOON GAME OUT !!! SO GO OUT AND BUY IT !!!! : -RRB-
 Zoo tycoon is the best Zoo Game in the world ! Even the demo is really fun !!! The graphics are good and you can let your animals on the lose ! You get to even select adult fee and childrens fee ! So just get it !
 Zoo Tycoon is one of my favorite games . I played at my freinds house and now I am begging my mom for it . I really like all of the animals , but it 's sort of hard make good habitats for your animals . I found that it 's a lot more fun if you have Marine Mania because than you can marine life , plus it includes Dino Digs , so you can have dinosaurs and Wooly Mammoths . It is one of the coolest games I have ever played . Adults might not like it as much as kids , but it is REALLY fun !
 Zoo Tycoon is a great game.If you like animals and want to take on the challenge of keeping wild animals happy then this may be the game for you!It is possible to let your animals lose and certain ones will attack your vistors !! This is probably not a good game for people who like action video games.After Zoo Tycoon , you can get the expansion pack Dino Digs where along with regular animals you raise dinosaurs too!In just an amount of days the release of Marine Mania will happen -LRB- this game is going to include lots of water -LRB- marine -RRB- animals and is the 2nd expansion pack -RRB- . Its suppose to be really good , with see through water and the ability to train animals to put on shows for your guest but we 'll see.Anyways Zoo Tycoon is a pretty great game that is only getting better !!
 A friend told me about this game , and I am a total Sims nut so of course figued NOTHING could ever come close to that addiction , but I have to say this game does ! The first time I started it I played the entire day , 8 hours straight , could not leave it at all , not EVEN to go and play Sims ! I would recommend it to anyone who loves design elements in games , such as the Sims has , and if you are an animal lover like myself , you will most certainly love it ! I am so counting the days until Zoo Tycoon Marine Mania comes out !
 Hey everyone . I would just like to say that if you are thinking about purchasing a copy of Zoo Tycoon you are right in doing so!It is most definetly as fun and entertaining as Roller Coaster Tycoon . It also gives you a learning experience with detailed descriptions of each animal ; where they live , what they eat ... etc. . It has wonderfully detailed graphics and sounds.You start out by picking your zoo and your budget . Then , you make appropriate excibits for the animals by choosing the terrain , foliage , and fence . You must also please the people . Afterall they are the ones who give you more money.All in all , this game is excelent . It is worth every penny ! Great for kids . Great for adults !
 I love this game - not only can you design the animal 's habitat , but you can choose how many animals and create all types of attractments in your zoo . The only negativity I found in the game was how hard it was to please both your customers and the animals at the same time . It 's very challenging and fun . AND you can download animals from the website , so I think it was worth the money - well , maybe 1/2 the price .
 I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Sim City or any games similar to that . The best things about this game are some of the little details . I was thrilled when some of my animals started having babies ! It was also cool to see the great variety of animals and props I could get for my zoo . You get to creat everything in your zoo from the types of trees that are around to the kind of sidewalk that makes up the path . You can also build your zoo in different settings like the moon or Mars . It 's great for kids , too !
 I have played about every sim out there and this one is by far the best . The animals are demanding and the guests are very hard to please which makes things interesting and very time consuming . Picking up poop piles can become a hassle and it seems like no matter what I do I have still have tons of hungry guests . I usually end up spending hours on this game . It 's definately one of my favorites .
 This game is LOTS of fun and very addictive . You can download more animals and objects and scenarios from both the official site and from fan sites . If you enjoy Roller Coaster Tycoon , you 'll enjoy Zoo Tycoon . You can also join an e-group full of helpful people to discuss the game and strategies to win the scenarios . To join go to Yahoo Groups and join the Zoo Tycoon Group .
 Want to get away from the house , but are having problems doing that ? Zoo Tycoon is GREAT for you and your family then ! You could spend hours just building the park ! I own this game , and ALL The Sims games , and they are great , fun interactive games . They are challenging , fun , and great for ALL ages ! So check them out today !
 I am really into tycoon games , and of the ones I own this one is definitely a cool one . I like the fact that you can put up fences and build your own custom environments for each animal . Although sometimes it does get hard to handle with keeping the grass from being trampled , that is part of the challenge ! Another thing that I wish was added to this game was that you can get a Zookeeper to stay in just one exhibit . Unfortunately they walk around and sometimes the pens get `` poo '' in them , and the animals lack food . Those are the only two things that I have to complain about . Something good is you can start in a land with up to $ 500,000 !!!! I like that a lot ... I would recommend this game to people that like tycoon games and like to keep track of things for sure !
 Zoo Tycoon is AWESOME !!! I love to play it . I ordered it from amazon.com and could n't wait to play it . I highly suggest it for kids who like to learn about animals . It 's so much fun !
 Graphics
 I gave my husband zoo tycoon as a gift . He loves it . He has found many ways to get around the game and new animals to download , excellent .
 Roller coaster tycoon ... the best tycoon game yet . You ca n't deny that its legendary ! There are so many `` fly-on-the-wall '' games in the spirit of them , that few stick out . Zoo Tycoon is n't a fly on the wall . More like an exotic butterfly on the wall . It is a great game . It is easy to learn how to use , and comes with a handy manual for the clueless . Animals and objects are available for you to purchase and take care of , ultimately creating your dream zoo . There are cheat codes out there for the lazy , though when beginning a free-form game , you can choose the map and how much money you want ! Scenario games are available for those who are accustomed to RCT scenarios , too . Online , many more animals and such are available for download . Hire employees and attract guest with the birth of an endangered animal . Put a restaurant in too pamper your guests . Whatever . There are many things to do , and animals to take care of ! It gets harder as the zoo gets bigger . However , this game will get boring for those who are impatient . Patience ! If you wait , build , and get to know the game , you 'll find that it is one of those tycoon games that turns out to be addictive .
 In this animal/strategy game you must create the ultimate zoo . You can play free form , where you chose your park and starting money or play scenarios where you are faced with problems or goals that get harder as you go along . In the game there are over 40 animals and many shelters , toys , and concession stands . You 'll start with only a few of these items and animals but as your zoo improves you get new options . If you can really please your animals you might just get babys . To earn money for new exhibits and wages for your workers you 'll have to attract a lot of guests . You can put in food and drink stalls and much more and even hire tour guides . You get to choose the price of all your items too .
 This game is the best game in its type . It is better then the sims and more addictive . if you like animals and like the sims you will love this game . Its so Cool !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It is a great way to learn and have fun for kids !
 Zoo Tycoon is by far the best game I have ever purchased ! Not only does it provide for hours of entertainment and fun , it also is very educational and challenging ! The graphics are very good , comparable to Roller Coaster Tycoon . The game was very easy to learn , and I was building a zoo in no time at all ! Awesome game !
 I downloaded the demo from microsoft and was amazed . Even though the demo gave you only four species of zoo animals , I found myself hooked on the game and had to get the full version.Usually I play only fps games and had always found simulations ultra boring , but not so with Zoo Tycoon.It 's a great game . I have n't tried the expansions and ca n't wait to eventually try them.I found myself playing the demo for hours .
 This game is FANTASTIC ! I absolutly LOVE zoo tycoon . It is so much fun to build exhibits , learn from your mistakes , and occasionally let a lion or two out for some fun , but i spend hours on it -LRB- which may or may not be a good thing -RRB- and i still havent seen it all!There is so much to do , though my computer is a bit slow , so those in the same boat as I am , be patient , it is definently worth the wait !
 This is the bestest game in the whole wide world because you can download heaps of animals onto it . You can click on the animals if you do n't know how to build an exhibit , or just build it if you know how to . I play it all day if I can .
 This game is overall , great ! It is very addictive and fun to create your own zoo , but after a while the game gets boring . The setup of this game was easy , it even told you how to play while you are waiting . If you still do n't understand this game , you can play one of the tutorials . Marine Mania -LRB- which includes Dinosaur Digs -RRB- adds even more fun to this game . This game is great .
 My son , who is 5 , is addicted to this game . It is amazingly creative , and although you would think you need to read fluently , there are enough symbols that my 5 year old navigates through all on his own.He found out that instead of assigning a zookeeper to feed the alligators , he could just put zebras in their exhibit and they would make a delicious dinner!He also loves animals so much , that he took down their fences to set them free , and the game is so adaptable , that the animals actually started chasing the guests and eating them ! This initially was little greusome , and now he is very protective of his guests , but the creativity is wonderful.A must for animal lovers . Great for kids to use their imagination and much better than vegging out in front of the TV .
 We just got this game . And let me tell you that it 's GREAT !!! It 's perfect for all ages , even adults ! As in the other Tycoon games , there 's a few goals ; keep guests happy -LRB- I have to admit I feel sad when the guests say `` I do n't like this zoo at all ; I 'm going home '' -RRB- and take care of your animals and your zoo . The animals are very adorable -LRB- especially the baby tigers and lions ... awww , so cute !!! -RRB- . The more animals you get , the harder the game gets . You ca n't just build a little cage and plunk some animal in it and sit back and watch . You have to constantly be checking on them to see if they are still happy , so this game actually requires some work.This game is so fun , it 's a definite must have!One tip ; be extra careful with the lions ; once they have babies , they wo n't stop -LRB- once we had 24 of them -RRB- . And you ca n't sell any of them ; they will get sad .
 This is the best game i have ever played for the pc . Its so real , and so addicting , There is so much that you can do to make your perfect zoo . The animals are realistic , and so are the guests in the zoo , I cant stop playing it !!!!!! its awsome !
 i bought this one for my grandaughter for christmas and we all had to play after watching her and enjoying all the animals and births and learning to manage a business fun for all . i loved it so much i am buying my own . and im 60 but in combo with the marina and im sure we will get the dinasaur one next , it is hours of fun .
 This Game allows you to create your own zoo , with lots and lots of different kind of animals , exibits , shops , and more ! The Scenarios are allright , and the animals look really realistic ! I would reccomend getting the double expansion pack also , so you can have water animals and dinosaurs in your zoo too . You can also download different animals and scenery on the original one , and put them in your zoo . It is pretty obvious Zoo Tycoon is competing with Roller COaster Tycoon . So if you buy this , get the double expansion pack with it or later , and the game will be well worth the money .
 I have n't had time to play this game on many occasions , but when I do play , I hunker down for hours . Everything is very simple and straightforward but it has a certain addictive cuteness about it , from watching the monkeys play to being able to click on a particular customer walking through the zoo to see what they 're thinking -LRB- such as `` I 'm thirsty , '' or `` I need to find a trash can . '' -RRB- I enjoy buying and breeding difficult animals , such as pandas , while hubby likes to see peoples ' reactions when the lions get loose . A bit of fun for everyone !
 Well , I own and love RollerCoaster Tycoon , and I just could n't get enough of it the first month that I owned it . It was just SO MUCH FUN ! ... The game was so new , so cool , so free , that it sold like crazy ! Well , since then , we 've seen the birth of dozens of other games like that ; including Mall Tycoon , Train Tycoon , Airport Tycoon , Monopoly Tycoon , etc. . . even a sequel to the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon -LRB- RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 -RRB- . Yet most of those were okay , but did n't capture half of the magic that the first did . But this one , I have to admit , came extremely close . How ? 1 . Gameplay
 There are going to be comparisons to Roller Coaster Tycoon here . Sure , this game looks and plays like RCT , but is that a bad thing ? While RCT deals with a more thrilling subject , Zoo Tycoon is tailored for a slower , more relaxed gamer . Not that it is a slow-moving game . You 'll be constantly tinkering and adding , all the while taking a minute to watch the wonderful animation of the animals and guests . This is a fun , colorful game . It can be a challenge , but if you play the Sandbox mode , you can build your dream zoo without worry . I heartily recommend this game to any gamer who ever went to the zoo and wondered if they could do it better .
 This is a fascinating simulation game . You get to build am entire ecosystem around making a zoo work . Since you 're the zookeeper , imagine that you start with some land and a few dollars . You get to make all the decisions on how to build and supply a zoo : - keep the animals fed , watered , and clean in an appropriate habitat , - keep the guests pleased with food , bathrooms , and happy animals , - make decisions on ticket prices -LRB- important for crowd control -RRB- , - make plans for animal acquisition and personnel hiring , - manage the buildings and grounds , - identify marketing , advertising , merchandising plans , - and so onThe software gives you a number of different choices of basic habitat and even allows you to start with different amounts of funding so you get a chance to see what it 's like to start a zoo on a shoestring budget and then when funds are no obstacle . It makes a huge difference and keeps the game really challenging.I have two relatively small quibbles with the game . One is that the description says age 6 and up ; I think that children under 12 are n't likely to make enough good decisions to keep the zoo alive unless they get significant coaching . The second is that you have to have a CD-ROM on your system so , if you want to play on an airplane , your laptop needs an extra drive.Still , I think that this game is really fun to play . And , a word to the curious and adventurous
 Zoo Tycoon is a really good sim game . You are in charge of building and maintaining a zoo . There are two gameplay options
 In Zoo Tycoon , you must run and maintain a zoo with the help of staff that you can hire . There are over 40 animals and you must put them in exhibits.The game is very fun and addictive and gameplay is similar to Rollercoaster Tycoon.You can also get new items to download from the main menu in the game.Excellent game .
 I love this game and so do my kids . this is the best sim in my opinion . every time you play it it 's different because you decide if your zoo is top rate or could use some work . I love to watch you animals and of course i love the baby animals.But save your money and buy the complete edition that comes with the two expansion packs so you do n't fork out the 25.00 each for the expansion packs when for the price of one you can get all three .
 I love this game !!!!!!! I got it for Christmas and I play it all the time . What I usually do is make a zoo one day and show it to my family the next . It teaches me about animals ; it teaches me about their habbitats and what they eat . It showed me some animals I had never seen or heard about . This is the best game ever !!!!!!!!
 I think Microsoft made a wise choice creating Zoo Tycoon . You know your going to have fun by just looking at the box . You can build so much stuff like trees , Food shops , Restrooms and on and on and on but what I really like about the game is that you can change the terrain type in the exhibits and I also like the great selection of animals their are I would have never guessed they would have so many animals like Giant Panda 's , Black Leopard 's , Red Kangaroos , African Elephants and 45 other animals . Also one of the fun things about the game is that your animals can escape . For me that is the best thing Microsoft came up with in Zoo Tycoon.With animals to take care of you also have to manage the biggest problem of all Your Guests ! If animals are not happy then fewer people will want to come to your park and if your animals escape people will be to scared to come to your Zoo . And remember the bigger and nicer the zoo the more money and visitors you 'll get.So if your looking for something to do on a Saturday afternoon then get Zoo Tycoon you 'll be guaranteed to have fun in no time .
 I have this game and it does not run on Windows 7 and has not been updated for Vista . It will run on Vista but you have to force it a little . We love these games are disapointed that when we updated our operating system the games quit working and lock up our computer .
 Microsoft has set the standard in challenging your gambling skills , while providing you with an exciting casino-style gaming experience . It 's the best product of its kind ! Have all the fun without spending a dime in Bicycle Casino.GameplayExperience the lights , challenge , and excitement of a Vegas-style adventure . Microsoft brings the whole package right to your PC in Bicycle Casino . Enter your name , choose one of many animated characters to represent you , and set your starting bankroll as you prepare to press your luck and test your gambling skills at one of three casinos
 I have FINALLY found a computer Casino game that is very easy to understand when it comes to the rules of CRAPS . I am getting married this fall and we -LRB- my fiance and I -RRB- are going to Las Vegas . I have always wanted to learn Craps and none of the books I read helped . Buying this game , I was truely amazed by the different people you can play with and the graphics are very , very good . There 's even a character that looks JUST LIKE ME , for real she looks just like me , he , he . -LRB- Hint she has on a red headband -RRB- . Anyway , I have the basics of craps down very good and it only took a few min . I am still mastering the different betting ways but the instructions on this is n't hard to learn . You have to BE in the driver 's seat if you want to learn these games . Baccaratt , Carribbean Stud Poker , Pai Gow Poker are games I heard of and learned to play them very well . If you know how to play poker already then the various ways to play will be a BREEZE . There 's also , slots , Keno , Big 6 Wheel , , High Roller Rooms , etc. . Background music and noises , people talking to you as if you are there . Oh , did I mention the comp cards ? These are little perks that you get on your complimentary card when you play the game awhile or win large amounts of money . Things like free food , drinks and hotel nights to name a few . Of course these complimentary gifts ARE NOT REAL so dont go to Vegas trying to claim these things . It 's just to make the game more real and fun . I highly recommend this game to all Casino gamers . You will have fun . I have NEVER been to Vegas but I will tell you this , when I go , I look forward to playing For Real with an edge up on Craps , which I am very excited that I learned to play this game . You really can rack up a large Bankroll ...
 I 'm a craps afficiando and wanted a computer game that would allow me my `` craps fix '' as well as teach me other casino games.While exploring Bicycle Casino Games , I learned how to play Progressive Blackjack , Pai Gow Poker , and Let it Ride . I already knew regular Blackjack , but was scared off by the odd-looking Progressive Blackjack tables in Vegas . So , it was a lot less intimidating to sit in my comfy computer chair and learn that there 's hardly any difference at all between the two games!Other than Pai Gow , I do n't play any poker at all , and it does n't interest me ... so I ca n't comment good or bad on that aspect of the software , other than to say they seem to have lots of version of that popular card game available.I 've found only two problems
 Great fun , but I really need a life ... I spend much too much time trying to win big ...
 If you ever wanted to know how to play all the games that are available in the casinos , this is a good way to check them out.I 've had this software for about a month now . No problems with graphics , sound or lockups . My biggest problem is that I do n't yet have any strategy for playing ... : -RRB- But really , this is a good tool for learning the games . They are all covered . You can see how easy it is to lose your money at roulette . The house edge is very big on that game . Keno is interesting . I never really paid any attenetion to it until I got this game.There are lots more games . The only games not covered are slots , but who cares about that . I am very happy with my purchase .
 If you ever wanted to know how to play all the games that are available in the casinos , this is a good way to check them out.I 've had this software for about a month now . No problems with graphics , sound or lockups . My biggest problem is that I do n't yet have any strategy for playing ... : -RRB- But really , this is a good tool for learning the games . They are all covered . You can see how easy it is to lose your money at roulette . The house edge is very big on that game . Keno is interesting . I never really paid any attenetion to it until I got this game.There are lots more games . The only games not covered are slots , but who cares about that . I am very happy with my purchase .
 I 've been a fan of Hoyle Casino for the past few years and still love that game for the excellent learning/tutorials , however Bicycle Casino outshines Hoyle in terms of the casino atmosphere . It really does make you feel like you 're at the 3 Las Vegas casinos included . -LRB- The only thing missing was a drink , which I went and got -RRB- . There are a variety of games - slots , video poker , table games , roulette , etc. . There are also 3 different casinos you can visit . While the same games are available at each casino , each has a different `` atmosphere '' . Treasure Island is an everyday casino with lower table betting amounts . The Mirage is a bit more upscale with higher betting amounts allowed . The Bellagio is the luxury casino with the highest betting amounts allowed -LRB- along with a special high roller room -RRB- . Aside from the betting amounts , the only other difference I noticed between each casino were the names on the tables , cards , and the music -LRB- and cool music at that ! -RRB- . To me , the differences were sufficient to really make me feel like I was playing in different places . Nice touch ! Also , there are comp prizes - if you gamble enough , they 'll give you various prizes on screen -LRB- not redeemable , of course ! -RRB- such as tickets to shows , or spa visits . Another realistic feature ! And all the casinos had my favorite table game - Pai Gow Poker -LRB- for those that have not tried it , it 's not as complicated as it sounds , I actually learned how to play it using Hoyle Casino a few years back and then went to a real casino in Connecticut and left with more money than I started with ! -RRB- Bicycle Casino also includes some good tutorials/strategies for each table game . I highly recommend this game to anyone looking to get the feeling of gambling in Las Vegas without actually having to travel there and risk real money . Have fun !
 I have had hours and hours of fun with these games - the most comprehensive disc I 've seen - all the games you ; ll find in a casino and a fast cash machine that let 's you feel like a high roller anytime you wish . My comp cards are nearly full - lots of fun when you ca n't get away to the real thing !
 Bought this to practice craps . Works well and does most of what I wanted . No aggravations . Ideally the game would allow me to control more than one player at a time so I could test 2 techniques on identical games . I 've not found a way to do that .
 I have lived in Las Vegas and have played many casino gamining simulations and this one is simply the best in class and a lot of fun , too . Wish the card games played a little faster , but the games are both realistic and fun ... the payouts are way too generous so do not expect to win this often or make this much in a real casino . This software is really an infomercial for MGM Mirage properties , but that 's OK ... it is still fun to play .
 `` Bicycle Casino '' by Microsoft is the 2002 upgraded version of the `` Microsoft Casino
 Lets you tour the casino 's . Great tutorials to teach new games without losing money at a real casino .
 This package is definately worth the price . I got it for my palm and could n't stop playing it . If you are ever bored in meetings or just sitting around the house , this is a great way to have some fun . Me and my kids love it . It is just like the shooting games at the arcade . I would definately recommend it . If you liked this one I would also recommend the 100 great games for the palm .
 We actually purchased all of the titles individually when they were first published -LRB- we still do n't have the Friends game -RRB- . They are all very good games . My 6 year old son has learned to play Chess so well from this that he can beat his parents more than half the time . Legoland was so addictive that he and I played nothing else for about 2 weeks straight . I still find I like creating parks from scratch.My only complaint
 This review is specifically for the Lego Chess cd . My 5 year old absolutely loves it and has enjoyed it for hours on end . That cd alone is worth the price of the whole set ! It is very user-friendly and he has gotten so good as a direct result of playing Lego Chess that we will be entering him in grade level tournaments in January . With your choice of cowboy , pirate , and soldier themes and a variety of animations that take place when a piece is captured makes this game a learning experience that is great fun !
 The only way you can unlock the Dalmation is to find the Fireman 's hat during a walk . If you have been unlucky and want a dalmation , you can buy the Dalmation edition.Basically there are 20 dogs in all ... 18 of which are featured in the first 3 editions -LRB- see below -RRB- . Dalmations and Jack Russel Terriers are the only dogs that are not featured in any of the first 3 games . This newest edition includes Dalmations and 5 other popular dogs from the other 3 games . I assume they will release Jack Russel edition next . lolGames and dogs included : Dachund & Friends
 Avoid this game if you do n't want your child laughing and giggling andplain ignoring all the other gifts she got for Christmas . Avoid this gameif you do n't want your child learning about dogs and their care andfeeding . Avoid this game if you do n't want your child excitedlyinterrupting you to show you the latest trick she taught her dog or what agood groomer she is , etc. . Avoid this game if it is important to you thatyour child is constantly engaged in some loud , life-or-death violentstruggle with some alien , or demon , or other enemy , as opposed to havingan imaginative and constructive virtual relationship with man 's bestfriend.Will the game get boring , as some comments have intimated ? I think itdepends on the person , and whether you like dogs . Some people getbored with walking and caring for real pets , too . And some people lookforward to their walks with their dog , and do n't mind in the least thecleaning up that goes with it . I can also see how this game could beappealing to any age group , again , assuming you like dogs.Also , from what I 've heard , the Nintendogs game seems to appeal more thanthe SIMS PETS , especially from a graphics and interactive standpoint , butthat the SIMS PETS is fun and nice if you have other SIMS stuff.The yelp your child makes when s/he first discovers that they can actuallyblow against the touch-screen to blow bubbles to the puppy is priceless.My one concern so far is what happens to the dogs if one does n't play thegame for a few days ? Do they become famished ? Since not playing the gamehas n't become an issue , it may be awhile before I find out the answer tothat.Time will tell of course about how long this game will generate enthusiam , but I already feel that we 've already gotten more than our money 's worthout of the game , in just this short while , especially compared to othergames the kids exhaust after only ten or so hours .
 This game is great.You have fun walking , playing , feeding , washing , brushing , training and doing stuff with your dogs . You have many dogs to choses from and you unlock dogs during the game . ********************* Things to do with your dog - * walking * brushing * feeding * playing * training * washing * going to contests * and shopping . ********************************** GameplayGame play is very smiple . You have to train your dogs to enter into one of the three contests . Your earn money and points by winning contests . Dog owner points unlock new dog breeds and differt clothes and toys for your dogs . You shop -LRB- with the money -RRB- for clothes , food , pet supplies , toys , and differnt backrounds for your dogs . You walk them -LRB- dogs -RRB- take them to the park and keep them clean . There are some other things to do ... but what I explained was the simple gameplay . ********************************* Cons -- The only bad thing is that the game can get kinda boring and there never is really new things to do . But other than that the game is great ***************************************************** Okay ... overall the game is great and fun . I would reommend this game to dogs lovers who ca n't ahve a dog or just to any doglover with a nintendo Ds !! LOL ... . Hope my review was helpful !!!!
 I bought this game for my 11-year old daughter . She absolutely loves it , and I can see why . The graphics are beautiful . She says , `` It 's really cool , especially how you can unlock every breed in every version . One of my dogs has made it up to the championship . '' Her dad and I are very conservative when it comes to electronic games for our daughter ; this is one we can feel really good about .
 I have three cats and no backyard so I ca n't have a real dog , but for christmas every year I still ask for one . This christmas I opened a ds lite and nintendogs i was so excited ! It 's exactly like a real dog except no mess . You learn to handle money , training is easy , I taught my beagle Sparkle to do a backflip and breakdance . You get to pet them , take them for a walk , brush them , give them baths . there is a bubble blower and you actually blow on the screen to make bubbles ! It 's really fun when you unlock new things . You even choose the decore on your house ! I have the seaside , it 's clear white sand and crystal blue waters with waves and seagull flying you can hear the ocean . It 's paradise . There are 3 kinds of competition agility disc and obediance and an array of different ranks . Sparkle is best at agility . All my friends and I have nintendogs so we go into bark mode alot which is where your wi-fi connection searches for other players in bark mode and you can bring each other gifts and play with their dogs ! I recomend this game for that person who 's wanted a dog for a long time but just ca n't have one ! I recommend this for people who already have a dog too !
 Nintendogs Dalmatian and Friends is a great dog care sim game , coming from a 12-year-old 's mouth . The graphics are beautifully detailed accenting the dogs ' features . The game is pretty easy to play at any age . The dogs do n't die or physically grow , but there is a lot of mental growth in the game . The dogs hear you call their name or command them , thanks to the DS mic . The overall game is really fun and cute , and I love it just as much as you will .
 This game is very fun ! I play it everyday . It is so realistic . I reccommend this to everyone who likes dogs .
 Im twelve . This game is so incredible when i told my cousin i got this game he said this game might be little kids but as soon as he saw me playing it and saw i was haveing alot of fun he got it . He got the Dashshund and friends however you spell it . We had this game fo two Months and have been playing it non stop . WE go into bark mode all the time . My dog -LRB- real one -RRB- gets curious when she looks and hears dogs on the screen . My cousin loves this game . I reconmend this game to anyone except adults because it 's kinda wierd when they play this game . By the way my cousin is thirteen
 I begged my parents for Nintendogs , especially dalmation and friends , and it was so worth the stuipid begging!The game begins where you go to a kennel and pick what type of dog you want , and what its personality is . You will return `` home '' with your new pet , and you will get to know it and fall in love with it hopefully as fast as I did . Soon it will be time to name your dog , and once you do , it will call whenever you call it.But you ca n't even feed your dog or go anywhere until you teach your dog to sit . Once you do that , the game unfolds . You can earn money by competitions and by selling some of the items you pick up on walks . You can by a new `` house '' and as your trainer points increase , so does the Nitendogs world around you . But the game gets boring after maybe five months -LSB- as in my case -RSB- or a year , or maybe even a month for some adventurous gamers . I just found the dogs so real and even a little loving , but soon I went to other games . But when I came back , I missed my dogs and they missed me . The magic was there again . Its not a game you can overplay , because if you overplay , you 'll wind up wanting to throw it at the wall .
 trust me this a awsome game and if you see bad reveiws dont listen to them . All dog lovers should get and animal lovers too.okay you pick a breed that best chooses you in the beginng the only bad part is that you have to say the same name over and over to your dog to get it but thats what makes it realistic because you have to do that to a real dog but after that it is so much fun.You can walk you dog enter it into compitions put accesories on it much more will include for loving caring bathing fun .5 STARS PEAPLE and if you dont buy it you will be sorry.and ethan is my brothers name bye .
 My little girl loves this so much that I need to set a time limit or else she 'll forever be glued to it . It is like having a pet minus the `` real '' work . Get it for your pet loving kids !
 Ok , buyer beware !! If you buy this for somebody you love , you will never see them again ! My 14 yr old daughter will not put her DS down since she got this !! Hours and hours of playing . Thank goodness we are on Christmas break from school !
 I bought this for my daughter 's 9th birthday and she absolutely loves it . The program is amazing and there are so many things to do .
 Bought this game for my daughter and she absolutely loves it . I find myself playing with it every once in a while too .
 My seven year old daughter ca n't get enough of this game . We have had the game at least a month now and she plays non stop . First game my daughter has played , out of about a dozen , that she ca n't put down .
 I 'm not really a big animal person , but I do like games that you can do something new everyday . I would n't have paid more than the $ 15 I got it for , though . That 's pretty much all the excitement it 's worth -LRB- to me , at least , not being a dog fanatic -RRB-
 This is a fabulous game . It 's perfect for animal lovers . You need to go through all the stages of owning and raising a puppy . It teaches you how to interact with puppies/dogs and it 's in real-time . You play for short bursts of time over a long period . It 's realistic , open-ended , and it teaches responsibility . You earn money to buy puppies , supplies , etc. , and enter competitions . My 9-yr old got it for Christmas and thoroughly enjoys playing . She helped some of the 7 & 8 yr olds in our neighborhood get started -LRB- probably the toughest part -RRB- . They have different versions so they have more breeds to share wirelessly .
 This is the first game I bought my daughter -LRB- 8 -RRB- to go with her new nintendo ds lite that she received for Christmas . I have tried the game myself . It really is great
 Teaches my kids that it is not all fun and games to take care of an animal-they need a lot of care and attention-and this is only a game.It is very realistic . I actually got sucked into it.Fun Fun Fun .
 NIntendogs is a really fun game to play . I got it for Christmas and I loved it from the beginning . It is so much fun to interact with the dogs and play with them . Overall this is a great game for animal lovers and just for people who like to play video games too !
 So cute ! Very adorable . Bark mode is pretty awesome , I love meeting new people and their puppies . All the different breeds are so cute and I had SUCH a hard time trying to pick one ! The nintedo ds microphone makes it easy to teach your puppies tricks and commands . The touch senstive screen is cool , you can blow bubbles and balloons at your puppy which is sooo awesome ! The only problem is there are n't a lot of mini-games to do . I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYBODY WHO LOVES PUPPIES !!!
 My friend owns this game and loves it ! I invited her to come with us on our summer lake house , and she showed me her ds , so she had a german shepered and a puppy . bark mode is so cool ! If anybody can tell me me more about this , plz do ! thx !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't have this game , but my bff has it and she let me play it , it was SOOO fun ... She had to practicly take it away from me ! I am getting one for my birthday and the nintendogs are on the top of my list -LRB- right under the nintendo ds -RRB- lol ...
 If you really like dogs this is a perfect game for you . You can play with your dog , accessorize your dog , care for him , teach him tricks and also walk him and enter him in contests . I love this game !
 This is the cutest game ever . Now I want all the dogs ! Just like having a puppy without the work !
 i bought this game for under 20 dollers , it was a great game the only thing is i am not very good at the contests
 I purchased Dalmatian & Friends for my son and he loves it .
 My daughter is 5 years old and got her first DS . She is a huge animal lover and has 2 real large dogs home -LRB- 80 lbs plus -RRB- . When looking for games for her - we choose this one from some reviews we read . She doesnt read , but is learning fast so we had to help her set up the game and show her where to go to play . She loves it . It does require some adult help in the beginning , but for a 6 yr old with limited reading skills its PERFECT . I would highly recommend this .
 For my daughter 's 12th birthday , I got her a Nintendo DSi XL and Nintendogs-Dachshund & Friends . Best purchase I 've made for her since we got her a REAL dog . Now she has all 4 editions . The graphics are amazing and the whole voice detection with naming them , training them , etc. is AMAZING ! I give it 500 stars !
 This is one of our favorite games , the dogs are so cute , you ca n't help but get drawn in talking to the machine like they are real . We have fun . Recommend highly
 I LOVE my Nintendogs Dalmatian and friends game ! It 's a TON of fun ! There is always a new accessory to put on your dog , or a new way to remodel your house , new dog breeds to get ... WOW ! I always have fun going on walks to find cool new presents , getting a new puppy and teaching it funny tricks and training it to compete ! Plus , I love saving up for a new way to remodel my house ! -LRB- My latest one I 'm saving up for is a beach house ! -RRB- I HIGHLY recommend it for anyone who loves taking care of dogs . However , if you are someone who likes games with a story or purpose , I would n't recommend it . Nintendogs is sort of a `` live your doggy life '' game . It 's not a game where your on a mission or have to complete something . Like I 've said before , I VERY HIGHLY recommend it to someone who just loves taking care of dogs , finding new things for them , training them , caring for them , and so on . I LOVE NINTENDOGS !!!! : -RRB-
 My daughter just loves these animal games for her DS . Plays for hours . It 's like taking care of real life pets because you have to feed them bathe them play with them , and you are only aloud so many pups at a time in your house so if you have to many you have to board them . I recommend this game . Good learning experience .
 I love all the nintendodogs games but nintendo dogs dalmation and friends is the best .
 Neat game - and the progressive nature of it is pretty cool - you can teach your dog tricks and play games with them to get them better at competing in certain events .
 This game was really fun and I hardly got bored of it . I even shared it with other people and they love it . I love the competitions in it and walking my dog . I am a real animal lover so i loved it . After a while it got a little boring but it suddenley got exciting again because I discovered new things about it in the manual . It is a pitty you can only have 3 dogs at your house . But still it 's good .
 This is a cute game , although I bought it used and it did not come with instructions . My daughter is seven and picked up on it quickly , a lot quicker than I did . She does n't seem to need the instructions . But , it is a good alternative to having a real dog around :-RRB- !
 You have to buy this game !! It is just like haveing your own dog you feed them , bathe them , you shop for them , and go in contests.Trust me i 'm a kid and i love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you like dogs this game is sure to be your favorite ! It starts when you adopt your first puppy . You can choose between many breeds . Once you play the game more you unlock more breeds . Once you choose your puppy you get to take it home and name it . After that you can walk your dog , Feed your dog , enter it in contests , play with it , do bark mode , and adopt more dogs . You can keep up to eight dogs . It is a great game and I recommend it !
 This game is , as you have already read , WONDERFUL ; for all ages ! But what I found great about the Dalmatians edition , as opposed to all the others which I have owned , is that this one is playable in ENGLISH , SPANISH AND FRENCH ! Unless they have changed newer issues of the other nintendogs games , this is the only one that has this language option . This was great for me because I 've been looking for good games to send my little cousins in Puerto Rico . They only speak spanish ! They were thrilled to finally be able to play NINTENDOGS !
 This game is tops for picking the type and gender of your pet , the interaction is awesome ! You are able to enter them in dog shows , train them etc. . a must have for pet lovers . Great educational for children .
 This Christmas , I got a Nintendo DS Eletric blue with 2 games . One was the Nintendogs Dalmatian and Friends . After the system was charged , I turned it on . I fell in love with all of the cute puppies . I chose the cutest one available . A golden retriever . After a few tries , she learned her name - Bella . I taught her a few tricks , took a walk , and fed her . Oh yeah , I bathed her , too . 2 or 3 or possibly 4 , days later , I had unlocked the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . Once I had gotten enough money together , I bought a Cavalier Spaniel . I named her Falon , after one of my newest Webkinz . She was naturally obedient and a fast learner . She is very good at Obedience Trials . Today , December 30th , I unlocked the Sheltie . At around 7:45 PM , I bought a Sheltie . i named her Punchy , Punchy was one of my brother 's many name requests coming from Rocky Balboa . Well anyway , I played with her and she is very obedient.YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME ! I MEAN IT ! GO TO THE STORE RIGHT KNOW ! COME ON !
 My sister got the Nintendogs Dalmation & Friends for her birthday . It was so much fun even though I mostly watched her . Now when she does n't play I do . The dogs are so cute and look real . You can feed them , teach them tricks , take them for walks , and enter them in Disc , Agility , and Obedience Contests . Overall , I think that this a great game for younger kids and it teaches you great responsibilty for owning a dog . This is the closest that I will ever own a dog because of my parents but I think that this is as good as a real one !
 Hi , im liv , and i wrote the review on Nintendogs carring case , '' Good Deal for your money '' . i am a HUGE fan of Nintendogs , its a great fun game . This version is one of the best , espically if you did n't find the fireman 's hat . If you 're wondering WHY the heck i gave it 4 stars instead of five , is because my cousin says it gets boring after awhile , personally , I do n't think it 's boring , maybe just because you do the same things over , and over again . A lot of people says , it stinks , sucks , or bad things , please do n't listen to them . here 's my rating : Fun
 this game is amazing with its graphics , and how the dogs seem like they could just jump straight out of the screen and on to you , not to mention how the dogs seem like they really feel and are alive . This game is perfect for those who wish they could have a real dog but maybe has a allergy , or property rule holding them back . Now , there is no need for that ! Train , name , walk , feed , dress , and do so much more with the puppies ! If you teach a dog a trick , if you speak into the microphone that command , it will do it ! It is wildly realistic . Like some other viewers , i too agree that it is getting a bit boring , but that would n't hold me back from buying both of my nintendog games all over again ! That 's right , you heard me , 2 . I loved the game so much i got another when i thought 1 of them would n't work , i bought another , and those things are cheap . I personally go through phases when i love my nintendogs , and others where it is boring . I have lots of trainer points and items . Some times , i ca n't get enough of it and stay on it all day and the next . If you want to hear realistic , here my proof
 I bought the Dachshund version at first because I have 4 Longhaired Dachshunds myself , I LOVE IT ! I played it so much that I had all of the other breeds unlocked fairly quickly . The only issue I had is that you have to be VERY carful with the words you choose for your voice commands and speak very clearly into the microphone or the dog will act confused and you have to keep trying . But if that is the worst problem , then that is n't much of a problem to me :-RRB- You can unlock all of the breed available in each version but I have every version available just because I like it that much ! Now if they would only come out with a version with Rare/Large breeds like the Bernese Mountain Dog -LRB- which I also have in real life ! -RRB- , St. Bernard , Great Dane , Irish Wolfhound , and Great Pyrenees ! That would be HEAVEN for me !!!!
 I bought this game just for me to relax and have fun with . It 's great ! I love seeing those little wet noses come running to greet me ! My 5 year old likes to watch me play and help me feed and water them . I 'd recommend this game as a learning tool for a child that wants his or her own pet to make sure they realize all that 's involved - feeding , watering , walking , training , etc. . And for adult gamers looking for a causal game to play , I 'd recommend this too . Thanks Nintendo for a good , clean , fun game .
 My daughter loves this game and loves all the cute puppies - as any child would . The only complain I have is that the packaging was not as shown in the picture here at Amazon . It did not have the `` Limited Edition '' logo as shown .
 OK i ca n't even tell you how mad i am . Ok i got this game even before i got my nintendo ds so i have to wait 21 more days until my birthday to play it . Why did it have to look so cute . I cant wait until i play it !!!!!!!!!!
 I have Lab & Friends right now but I 'm getting it for X-mas ! I think the case looks a bit weird with the 3 + thing.I could esially get a Dalmation on my Nintendogs since I have the fireman hat and I could get the Jack Russel with my Jack Russl book , but I 'm not in the mood.I have a bunch of Nintendogs Dalmation DS accesories . I have the purse thing and the folio thing.This game is just like the others only with different starter pups.Nintendogs is truely fantastic.The comercial was 100x better than the old one.I do n't have the DS lite but I do have a silver , old , DS . If I wanted a DS lite , I would get the white one.I sugest of you getting this game ! It 's the BEST!It would be cool if they made a Dalamtion Nintendogs themed DS lite ...
 I did n't know there was such a good game on Earth , buy it !!!!!!!!!! P.S. i do n't have the game .
 I recently bought a Nintendo DS White Lite a couple of days ago which came bundled with seven games ! As my Parents will obviously not play with them - except my Dad , there was one for each of us , there are 7 children . Eveybody scorned Nintendogs and said they 'd rather play the Brain Games , so I took my chance . I grabbed the Dalmation Nintendogs , which I heard was the rarest Nintendogs game you could find and immediantly got completley absorbed into the game . Heading for the Kennels , I was handed $ 1000 -LCB- in the game -RCB- and bought a dalmation puppy female for a price of 680 , because they was so unique they were the most expensive.Suddenly my sister came along while I was saying my new furry friends name into the microphone , whch was Pupsy , she started to say
 I bought the Dalmatian special edition . I heard a lot about Nintendogs but never really tried it . All I can is that it is one of the most lovely games I 've ever seen in my life.The interaction is fantastic , you can call your dog by saying his/her name , cuddle , teach tricks and a lot of other funny stuff . The dogs are absolutely lovely and cute , the graphics are great and you can easily become addicted to playing with your virtual dog !
 ok if your woundering wich 1 of the four games of nintendogz to buy , buy this one because you have the dalmation , you can only get the dalmation on any of the other three games if you find a firemans hat , wich is extreemly hard to find , so GET THIS ONE its limited eddition!hint
 This is a fun game for kids and adults.It 's great for kids because it 's like having real dogs and it teaches kids responsibility.You have to play with it , feed it , bathe it , and walk it every day.This game is so interactive and fun !! I recommend this game for all dog lovers .
 I 've heard puppies barking in my house for 2 months now . My daughter loves this game . Even though her DS top screen stopped working after it dropped off a counter , it really has n't stopped her from playing this game . Great game .
 This game is so awsome . I love dogs so when i got my ds i also got this game . My favorite part of this game is the bark mode . If you have another person ner you that has a ds and nintendo dogs you can trade gifts or send little voice messages . You can also unlock many breeds if you dont have the dalmation edition you can go on the walk and find the firemans hat . I didnt want to unlock it so i got the dalmation edition . But when i first got it it kind of took me a long time to get because as of me and everyone else who is not a big fan of directions it takes a long time to figure out which button is which so after about a half hour of getting the game i finally gave in and read the directions ! Any way this is a really awsome game , Buy it !!!!!!!!!
 I bought the Nintendog Dalmation game for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it . I have n't seen all the things it can do yet , but it is so cute ! She talks to it in the speaker phone and praises him like he 's a real dog . You can feed him , walk him , put him through competition , and pet him by rubbing his head with the little pen , and give him a bath . I 'm new to these type of games , but it has won my approval for a fun interactive toy . I can see how they can be addictive ! I thought by buying this game and a different game -LRB- Yoshi Island -RRB- my children could share the games since they each have their own ds lite , but I learned that is n't the case with the nintendogs . It is n't recommended to switch out the game into another nintendo ds lite . So , I will be looking for another Nintendog Dalmation for my other daughter ! : -RRB-
 Whenever I went to GameStop to buy a Nintendo DS , all they had were used ones . Mymom , sister and the salesperson were trying to talk me out of it !!! I didnt want to wait until the brand new Lites were coming in , so we went to checkout , along with buying Nintendogs . It was taking a while to checkout , then a lady came in returning a brand new Nintendo DS Lite ! I got that one instead , and for the rest of the day I played Nintendogs ! The 1 and only part I do n't like about it is that it was a little hard to understand at the start.I am very happy I got it and I am also about to go play it now !!! p.s. I give it a 2 thumbs up !
 This game is very fun and enjoyable . It is great to see and buy the puppies in the kennel . It is also nice to jus play with them . It is also an adventure to get the money mostly by competitions . Also is is cool how you can train your pet . But the coolest part is how cool they are !!!!!!! But , if you are getting a nintendo DS and want to find a great game , this is the one ! even if it is the only game , you will always have a friend -LRB- that is the puppy , ofcourse !!!! -RRB- .
 This is simply one of the best games out there for the Nintendo DS . I remember playing the `` Dogz '' games on the computer when I was younger and this is a clear step up from that . The graphics are great , the gameplay -LRB- contests , finding the stinkin ' Japanese print color and Jack Russell Terrier book , etc. -RRB- is really fun and actually somewhat challenging . It 's fun to get to pick out the dog you want -LRB- breed , color , gender , personality -RRB- , name it , get acquainted with it . I 've read posts questioning whether or not adults can enjoy this game ... take it from me , you can ! You 'll get obsessed with finding presents on walks and winning contests . I 'm going to a Christmas concert tonight and am going to take my DS on bark mode to try to get a new breed . Absolutely a 5 star game , you 'll thoroughly enjoy this !
 My daughter has truly enjoyed playing this game . There is only one note of caution . For those that own other Nintendog games , the dogs in this version may duplicate ones that you already have .
 What a great game ! My 8 year old ca n't get enough of it ! It has fantastic graphics , and the way that you use voice command to train the dogs is really well done . It is a game that truly can entertain any age group ! My 17 and 19 year olds both like to play it also ! It is easy to learn , but has enough different game options that you do n't bored with it . I highly recommend it !
 I got this game and I think it is great . On all of the other reviews I have read on other sites it seems they did n't like it . It is the same game as all of the other nintendogs , but it is very fun . You should give it a try for yourself and see what you think about it . I give it a 5 because it really is a good game and deserves the credit of one .
 Nintendogs is a very reAlistic game . I had so much fun playing it . You do all the things an owner should do for its dog , and you begin to feel a connection for your dog , and a feeling of responsibility.Oh , and for the people that say that `` the game keeps on going even when you take out the cartridge '' its true , but do n't you realize the game is REALISTIC ?! Hello , that means that you have to take care of your dog the same way you 'd take care of a real one . You would n't just not feed your dog , right ? People , if were were n't fed at least three times a day , we 'd all starve . I mean , like DUH ! The game is clearly one that takes what is does seriously.Oh , I recomend this game for younger kids from like , 6-12 . Its most appropriate for them , since its rate
 All three of my children -LRB- ages 12,11,5 -RRB- have different versions of this game . It is a definite favorite .
 I purchased this game for my 8 year old granddaughter . Much to my delight , the whole family loves it ! It is very detailed and holds the interest of young and old alike . Thanks for a great family oriented game .
 THIS GAME IS GREAT . THE PUPS ARE SOOOOOOOOOO CUTE . I ALSO HAVE AN OTHER NINTENDOG CHIP AND IT IS NOTHING COMPARED TO THE DALMATIAN GAME . THE PUPS AT THE KENNEL ARE HALF TRAINED IN AGILITY , -LRB- NOT IN THE OTHER GAMES ! -RRB- AND THERE IS A NEW BREED , THE ALL SMALL AND CUTE JACK RUSSERL TERRIER . BUT SADLY YOU HAVE TO FIND THE JACK RUSSEL BOOK ON A WALK.THE DALMATIANS ARER SIOOOOOOO EXPENSIVE.IM TALKJING ABOUT $ 680 DOLLARS -LRB- ON THE GAME -RRB- . OVERALL ITS AN AWSOME GAME TO GET !!! kgirlp.s . get this game !!! i mean it
 amigo mio gracias por el envio todo esta muy bien , muchas gracias y que pase muy bien y feliz d&iacute;as de los enamorados
 My daughter was very happy and the price was awesome . She lost the game the first time I purchased it a few years ago . The game was $ 45.00 than . You had it for $ 5.00 that was great
 This was a gift for our 11 year old daughter . Animal lover and aspiring vet , this is a wonderful game that offers some education along with fun . It continues to be challenging as the game progresses . Opportunities relating to earning money in competitions to purchase food and supplies , accessorizing the dogs , teaching them tricks , caring for them , are all fun adventures . We love this game !
 My daughter received a Nintendo DS with several games for Christmas . . she has only played this one !! She absolutely loves it ... She 's up to four dogs and counting ... Great game , especially for kids who love animals
 This game is so amazing because it teaches you how to take care of dogs.I also think this game is VERY realistic.It is very fun , so I would recommend this to anyone who loves dogs.Nintendogs come in 3 other editions , Dachshund & friends , Labrador , and Chihuahua , so please check them out !
 I bought this game for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas and she LOVES it ! She spends hours taking care of her dogs , taking them for walks and entering then in `` dog shows '' . She told me this is her favorite gifts this year
 In the beggining i believed that `` this game is gon na be stupid and simple '' , but after a while of playing this with my 9 year old daughter , i can say that is not a game , is a virtual pet , and a very realistic one . I really like that way my daughter is making conscience of taking care of a pet . If you want a game for your kid only to play , do n't get nintendogs , if you want a game that can teach something to your kid , get it .
 My daughter loves this game and it 's amazing how you can talk to the dog and make her move .
 My girls are thrilled with their Nintendogs games . They love teaching their pets new tricks and purchasing new dogs .
 This game is a lot of fun to play . If you are not allowed to get a dog , this game is the closest you 'll get ! The graphics and movements of the dogs are scary realistic . You can earn money from competions . With that money , you have to buy supplies . Also , if you get enough money , you can upgrade your house from a cozy condo to an Asian themed get-a-way . Also , buy entering your dogs in competitions , -LRB- and winning -RRB- you get trainer points . Enough tranier points will unlock dogs in the kennel . This means that if your game came w / 6 different types of dogs , now you have more types to choose from ! The damation version is the best , in my opinion . The dalmations are so adorable , and the other breeds are cute also . I would highly reccomend this product if you want to have a great time . The dogs are so cute , that you have to take care of them , or you 'll feel bad for them . Good Luck ~
 I got it and barely play it , because it gets plain boring ! I mean it takes about 3000 trainer points to unlock one dog . Also there is onley one room you can go in . And you can onley own eight dogs . Worst , if you do n't play atleast once a day your dogs start to starve . But on the possitive side , great grapics and the contests are fun ! I think there is better games , but its great if you are bored .
 My daughter got a Nintendo DS for Christmas , along with this game . She LOVES it ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it requires the pet 's `` owner '' to call the dog 's name MANY times to get the puppy to recognize it . I understand that they are trying to show that a real dog will not respond to it 's name immediately ... but the best thing about a portable game system is that a child can use it in the car , in restaurants , on airplanes , etc. . But , with this game , I send her to her room -LRB- with the door closed -RRB- or outside to call her dog . I do n't know if this will get better the farther she gets into the game ... but for now , it 's driving me nuts !!! I wish there was a `` silent '' mode .
 This game is very fun and enjoyable . It is great to see and buy the puppies in the kennel . It is also nice to jus play with them . It is also an adventure to get the money mostly by competitions . Also is is cool how you can train your pet . But the coolest part is how cool they are !!!!!!! But , if you are getting a nintendo DS and want to find a great game , this is the one ! even if it is the only game , you will always have a friend -LRB- that is the puppy , ofcourse !!!! -RRB- .
 It is so much fun to play with your dog ! i love teching my dalmatoin , Ashley tricks . You can take your dog for walks , to the gym , and enter it in a contest . You can buy your dog stuff at the dog store . Today I took her to the park to play with her friends . There is a whole world of Nintendogs to explore .
 I have had this game for a few months and I love it ! I liked it so much that I got the Labrador edition . I loved playing it because I had always wanted a puppy.Then at least I got a `` virtual '' puppy !! I am an absolute dog lover and if you like DOGS this is the game for YOU !!
 My daughter loves this game , , , , she is 10 and checks on her pets everyday , waters them , feeds them and shows them . It does teach some responsibility .
 this is a REALLY fun game -LRB- I gave it 4 stars because I almost never give things 5 stars -RRB- I think that thay put A LOOOOOOOOOOOOOT of work into this game , it is SOOOOOOOOOO realistic !!!
 My 7yr old son got this for xmas . It 's his favorite game for the DS . However , to get going you have to `` train '' your dog with its name , and teach it to sit before you can do anything else . That part was frustrating for him as children do n't tend to have much patience . We got through it for him and after that first part , everything else is smooth sailing .
 It never gets boring with competions , walks and training . Your dog will come when you call it or whistle , you can then train or pet your dog . It 's really fun discovering combination tricks , like beg + spin = Dance . You can take your dogs for walks and find new items , meet neighborhood dogs , train for agilty trials and frisbee competions , and go to the discount shop . You can unlock new dog breeds , so do n't buy all your dogs right away ! In addition to dog breeds , you can also unlock new house styles . I have n't found any glitches , and the graphics are realistic . Your dog will run away if you do n't feed , brush and play with it . The better you take care of your dog , the more stuff it 'll bring you in walks , and you 'll earn more trainer points , which unlock breeds and house stlyes . I would recommend this game to anyone who loves dogs or animal simulation games .
 I purchased this game for my daughter and she loved it . She is 7 years old and she told me that is one of the most cool games -LRB- she has 15 titles -RRB- that i bought for her . She speaks portuguese only .
 This game is adorable . From what I have observed this game is no different from the other versions . They took the five most popular breeds from the other three , plus added the exclusive dalmation . Same items to find , same features , etc. .
 The game came and it was the perfect present for my 10 yr old grand daughter . The shipper was fast and effective.ThanksDebbie Karrer
 First off I am a 21 year old girl . And games such as this appeal to me . I remember when I was 15 my friend had a Nintendogs game and she would n't really give me a chance to play very long because it 's just so addicting ! And now i finally decided to get this for myself after all the years , I have always wanted to start my own game so i can play with my own dogs and name them lol . . From what I remember the graphics are AMAZING . My favorite thing to do was to give the dogs baths it is so fun , cute and realistic . Many people say the game gets boring and I 'm sure it does , but it 's that type of game that you will put down for about 20 minutes when you 're bored and then go right back to it . Who says Nintendogs is for kids ? I loved it and I ca n't wait to get mine in the mail . If you never played before and you love life-like games then you should get this ! : -RRB-
 It 's a funny game and I enjoy that with my Son , we have rihgt now many pets and we follow are the fun 's number one of the pets .
 This is a great game . I bought it for a 3 year old after they were facinated with their older siblings game . This game really teaches some of the important things needed to take care of a dog .
 Our little princess wanted this game for her 8th birthday because our two Huskies she used to play with are n't puppies any longer and grew intimidatingly large . A couple of weeks later she 's now telling me that this is the best DSi game ever and she 's played a few.WHAT 'S TO LIKE?This could be a long list but , to name some of the more striking features I should begin with the gorgeous graphics and animations . The little puppy looks and acts very much like the real thing . She also loves the ability to teach her puppies -LRB- can have up to three at a time -RRB- voice commands and , if proper trained , the dog will obey them . And , since I mentioned it , it 's the training , of course . It 's not easy to train your puppy but that 's what makes the game fun because , being hard makes our girl so proud of her achievements - she runs to show me every time her little pet learned a new trick . And then it 's the contests - obedience , agility and disc catching - which reward her patience and perseverance.And , this really stands out , on a DSi you have the ability to let your puppy play with other Nintendodogs that happen to be nearby while in wireless mode.WHAT 'S NOT TO LIKE?The price , of course . This is a very expensive game if bought new . We bought ours used in a ` as new ' condition for a fraction of Amazon 's ` new ' price and , maybe we were lucky , but I do n't believe we 're missing anything.OUR RATINGIt 's our girl 's rating because she 's the one playing it and it 's an enthusiastic 5 stars . -- >> Brush your teeth , it 's the law ! < <
 Nintendogs has AMAZING graphics . Your dog is so cute!To explain everything about Nintendogs , that would take a LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG time . So I 'm just going to say this : Stuff to do : Adopt dogsPlay with your dogsAccessorize your dogsEnter your dogs in contestsWalk your dogsTrain your dogMake friendsLet your dog play with other dogs in Bark ModeDecorate your houseBuy and sell itemsThis might not seem like a lot , but it is!About the dogs : They stay puppiesYou can keep up to 3 in your houseYou can get up to 8 dogsYou unlock different breedsOut of all my games , this is my ultimate favorite !
 I 've had this game since the first Nintendo DS came out , it was actually the game I bought with it , and I would recommend it . It 's one of those games that you love , then you get bored of it for as long as you do -LRB- depending on the person -RRB- , and then your going to love it again , and you wo n't really get bored of it again . You get to have up to three dogs , and if you want to get another you can board it or give it away . You also take the dogs for walks , feed them -LRB- and give them water of course ! -RRB- , groom them , pet them , teach them tricks , and enter them in competitions , limit of three per day , from either agility , disc -LRB- fetch -RRB- , or obedience . It is a VERY fun game , and I still play it ! Its great for people who ca n't have a pet , but want to ! If you have a 3DS you can also get one of the 3DS versions -LRB- which I would also recommend ! -RRB- You would absolutely enjoy this game , and I do recommend it . -LRB- :
 My daughter loves the game but the game kept freezing up until it did n't work anymore . We had to purchase another one at the store . The game is fantastic according to her .
 When i was 8 years old i went to Walmart to buy a DS with the money i had been saving for a year . I bought a pink DS lite and was told that i could pick one game . I looked at all the games and instantly fell in love with the `` spotted puppy game . '' When i got home i ripped the wrappings of the game and run into my room with the Nintendogs Dalmatian and Friends game . i powered up the game and headed over the the Kennel with $ 1000 -LRB- on the game -LSB- DUH -RSB- -RRB- ready to buy my very own dog . i looked over the short list of choices and decided the get the featured dog , the Dalmatian . I chose a female which was $ 680 -LRB- because it is rare -RRB- and named her cupcake . **************************************************************************************************************************** Getting StartedI would suggest that you buy a Beagle as your first dog , because ; 1 . -RRB- they are fun and easy to train2 . -RRB- very lovable and innocent looking3 . -RRB- cost only $ 510 so you will have a perfect puppy and enough money to get you startedAfter you buy ur puppy you pet it for a little bit and then you name it using ur own voice -LRB- HEADS UP
 I 'm using my mom 's account for this.I 'm 8 . I got this game for my 8th birthday last year . It was my first DS game . I LOVE this game . First you go to the kennel to pick your first puppy . Then you teach them their name . You can : ___________________________________ take them on walksgroom themdress themfeed themtrain thempet themplay with thembuy different houses ---------------------------- The only part I do n't like is that you ca n't wear a head accessory AND a collar at the same time.THIS GAME ROCKS !
 Nintendogs was pretty fun , mostly when you first start playing , but then it gets kind of boring after a while because there 's nothing new to do . Overall it was pretty fun , but if you want a more challenging game , you should get ` Lost in Blue ' or something , like I 'm going to .
 the gift went over well . she enjoys it and that is all it matters to a 13yr old . thnx
 My tween daughter purchased this game with her Christmas money , and it is by far her favorite game . It took a little while for her to figure out how to do the contests , but now she is up to 4 dogs , and is having a lot of fun .
 I would recommend this game to all ages 7 and up ! The doggies are cute , the contests are fun and even taking a little stroll in the park helps you bond with your puppy ! All the breeds are smart and adorable ! Except ... the German Shepherd . It is n't very cute and is much harder to train . That 's the only downfall to this edition . = >
 My 9 yr old just went nuts over this !! She loves it so much !
 My nine year old son loves Kirby and this game is fun and a lttle challenging . He is enjoying the game . Thanks !
 I do n't know if I can say much about this game . The story was weird . Kirby is about to eat cake , and it gets stolen . So , Kirby goes through several worlds to get it back . Eventually , it leads to a bigger plot involving the Squeak Squad and the treasure chests . Anyway , the formula of the Kirby games is the same here . My only problem is that it 's too short , and because of that , it does n't get the perfect score it deserves . But this game is definitely still worth buying .
 My seven year old son has spent hours playing this games and really raves about it . He highly recommends it .
 This game was an earlier release for the DS or DS Lite and is well worth the purchase for a Kirby fan . My daughter can not get enough of Kirby the Super Tuff Pink Puff and requested this game . She has played it quite a bit since Christmas and really enjoys it . Worth the wait !
 The kids love it , but this is a `` Rare '' game and you have to pay a premium for it these days .
 This was the first of the Kirby games I 've played , and while it is easy and yes you can beat it in one day . I got alot of enjoyment outta playing it ! The storyline was really cute , and really Kirby is just awesomely adorable ! I think it 's worth buying to own , and despite what people say it really is a worthwhile Kirby game to me , it 's what got me started on playing the Kirby games !
 My kids love it , they have so much fun playing it . They can play it over and over.Karen
 I LOVE this game even though it has the worst plot EVER ! Kirby was just about to snack on a delicious strawberry shortcake when the evil squeak squad stole it ! Now kirby must risk his life through eight huge world just for one slice of cake ! To tell you the truth , later on in the game it starts to get a better plot , but they still couldev ' e tried a little harder on it . Anyway , because of this , levels are litterd with treasure chests that the squeaks stole . They may have inside of them colors for kirby -LRB- yes , you can change what color kirby is ! -RRB- , art , music and SFX , and more ! You can acsess these by pressing start on the world map . Also , at the end of every level , one of the squeaks will be waiting for you ! These include Doc , the brains , Spinni , the speed , Storo , the strengh , and Daroach -LRB- however , he is a boss for certain worlds only -RRB- , the leader . They will be gaurding a big tresure chest that will contain an even rarer item such as the SFX and music player or one of the seven keys needed to acsess the 7th world , etc ! They also have a headquarters in each level which they will go into if they have found the tresure chest . If you still want it , you must follow them into the headquearters and battle them . They are very easy to beat and are slow and weak , but it 's still loads of fun.When you obtain a tresure chest , you have already obtained , it will be gray instead and will give you a power in a bubble -LRB- i 'm GETTING there ... -RRB- or food -LRB- they wo n't replenish you very much , but a little -RRB- in a bubble , etc. . There is a world map where , unlike games like kirby nightmare in dremland , it just shows kirby on a circle , and when ypu press up , down , left , or right , you move to another level in that world . The world map has a simply beautiful backround , and one of these circles will let you go to the REAL world map ; instead of choosing levels in one world , you choose which world you want to go to , THEN choose yoyur level . They are also new powers like the `` animal '' power which allows you to scratch or the `` magic '' power which is actually not new but this time around kirby can actually attack with it . They also put in a few familiar ones such as fighter and ninja , but these were only from kirby super star and amazing mirror . Of course , there 's good old fire power , laser power , UFO , ice , etc. . There 's a secret world only accsessible with certain items from treasure chests that lets you have any ability you want ; you can store five powers at a time -LRB- I 'm GETTING there ... ! -RRB- there 's also the ghost power which lets you possess your enemys and the triple star power you get at the end of the game there . There are ALOT of powers besides that such as cutter and bubble ! One of the most unique parts about the game -LRB- wer ' e there ! -RRB- is that you play on the top screen , and on the bottom screen , there will be kirby 's stomach -LRB- it 's actually not disgusting at all ; it has stars in it and you can change the design with tresure chest items -RRB- ! This is good because levels will have floating bubbles that go into kirby 's stomach when you get them . You can have five bubbles at a time , too ! By using the stylus to touch the bubble , kirby shall be the power you touched ! You can even combine two copy abilities by sliding one into the other ; but it 's not THAT exciting ; let 's say you combine UFO and fire power ; you wo n't get a UFO that fires fire but more like the UFO power again or some other random power . But it 's still so much fun ! Of course , B is suck up , A is jump , etc. you can run in this one , too ! The gameplay is so smooth and it 's so colorful and it has great backround and platforms ! The enemys are all so cute and give you amazing powers ! You can do EVERY level again -LRB- including bosses ! -RRB- so it has ULTIMATE replay value ! Kirby the pink puffball is back and ready for action !
 I bought this for my 12 year old grandson who loves it . I do n't know much about it except he that he asked for it for Christmas and was delighted to receive it .
 thare are fun new levels boss ` s new abilaty like bubble animal ghost and cobining abilatys like fire lightning and ice sword and bomb ! and new fetures like freezing water and lava and diging its basicly your very fun kirby game
 Kirby Squeak Squad DS lets you take the deliciously fun shape-shifting pink guy on a platforming trek , storing and mixing up skill sets.I adore Kirby games , and Squeak Squad DS is no exception . You 're jumping down holes , climbing up ladders , and navigating mazes of course . But the main task of Kirby-land is to figure out what items are available to eat - and then to combine together multiple items to come up with cool new techniques.The activation sequence is a bit tricky - you have to spin your finger around the four directions of the D pad to turn things on - but it 's well worth it . The cool combinations you can come up with are great fun!You 're allowed to store items in `` bubbles '' in Kirby 's stomach , which is what the bottom half of your DS screen is dedicated to . This lets you choose what item to use in a certain situation , or to combine them together if you wish.Even more fun , as you go you unlock color options for Kirby himself . Interested in a blue kirby , or a citrus-colored Kirby ? You can do it ! Of course , many traditionalists will insist that Kirby only comes in one color , that is Pepto-Bismol Pink.The game is well done , in that it 's both simple enough for younger players and entertaining enough for older players as well . It 's relatively short , so that you can use it to pass the time while waiting in line at the supermarket or taking a bus ride without worrying about memorizing arcane combinations of keys or memorizing a rule book of negotiation tactics . You have just as much fun replaying it , aiming to unlock every chest you find and to get through as quickly as possible.I admit that I still adore the days of The Crystal Shards and hope that these styles of games will come out on the Wii in the future . But for travel playing , Kirby Squeak Squad definitely fits the bill as fun , easy to learn , engaging and short enough to fit in the spaces you have available in your schedule.Well recommended !
 Kirby 's Canvas Curse was a Nintendo DS sleeper and one of the highest-rated Nintendo DS games in early 2005 . One of the first fully-featured Nintendo DS games , Canvas Curse showed what the DS could do with lots of touch screen innovation , creative graphics , and deep gameplay features . Kirby Squeak Squad , Kirby 's sophomore DS effort , is nothing like its predecessor . It is instead much more like the NES , SNES , N64 , and Game Boy adventures of this beloved ballooning Nintendo character , and as a result it offers much of the same.Strawberry shortcake is quite a tasty morsel . With this in mind , one must understand why Kirby is so inclined to tracking down and finding the thief of his delicious treat . After finding out that the normally devious King Dedede is innocent of charge , Kirby discovers the Squeak Squad , a menacing band of baddies , is responsible . This leads to his trek through eight cute , colorful worlds in search of his dessert . The story is so bare-bones that it 's hard to call it anything but ridiculous and unimportant , but one must ask how important a 2D platformer 's storyline really is in the first place.With the 2D platformer standards already in sight , Kirby hits on all cylinders
 -LRB- Scroll to the bottom for point-form pros and cons of the game . -RRB- I have to start off with a warning -- Kirby Squeak Squad is an incredibly teeth-rotting , sickeningly cute game . And for those that played Canvas Curse , be aware that Kirby 's brought back his old platforming style for this one.Visually , it 's vibrant , colourful , and has those old school sprites that many of us older gamers welcome and are used to . Musically , it has all the cute little Kirby tunes that should be familiar for veteran Kirby gaming fans ; the tunes are simple , fun , whimsical , and `` childish '' which perfectly compliments the little pink puffball.The story of Kirby Squeak Squad is very simple
 I know nothing about video games . But my 11-year-old LOVES this game and plays it all the time . Well , not all the time ... he takes breaks to eat and sleep and go to school . But you get the idea . ; - -RRB-
 I helped my friend finish this game . It was really fun . I like that this DS Kirby game was similer to the Game Boy Advance Kirby games . There are 8 differnt levels to play . The ending was sad at first , but overall it had a happy ending . Overall this game is a really fun game .
 My friend let me borrow Kirby S.S. , and I had it for about eight hours . In that time I found out Kirby was at first a relatively simple game but as the game proggressed I found it much more challenging . After a few interuptions I finally got to the boss level of Cushy Cloud and it took me forever to beat that - thing . The game is a must-have for Kirby fans , and as I said beofre , the farther you go , the harder it gets , and for the little time I got to play it enjoyed it so much that I 'm using my allowance to buy it -LSB- this is incredible people , for I have been saving my allowance for BIG things . . I recommend it to anybody , since its such a neat game . By inhaling your enemies you earn there `` powers '' and can use them to get back the treasure chest and defeat the boss.Due to its minigames you can DS download play with your friends and play the entertaining games . Enjoy !
 This game is really fun !! It is very similar to the old kirby from NES and Super Nintendo . The game is side scrolling and Kirby can hold powers in his stomach which is the bottom touch screen . Has mini games that you can play with your friends . Everyone can enjoy it because the game is n't too hard but it can get hard when you try to get all the extras and treasure chests .
 My son purchased this thru Amazon and just loves the game.He claims it is the best Kirby game to date.He sayed it is a must buy fir Kirby fans .
 I thought this game was super exciting when I first started playing !! The treasure chests had amazing items and the new and improved abilitys were the best . Then I started a boss battle . I found I could not us my bubbles or use some of the items that popped up . Overall though , this game was great !!!
 This is a fun kirby game it has the same basic copies but ads new ones you use almost ALL the DS features like the touch screen.pros-fun , entertaining-new copies-you can interact with the environment like when you are a ice kirby you can freeze the top of the water-you use ALL of kirby 's abilitiescons-once you finish it , get all the secrets , and beat all the secret bosses there 's realy nothing to do except start the game over again
 The game is good . It is exactly like every other 2D kirby game from nintendo . If you like the earlier kirby titles you will like this one . It still has all the kirby music and cute graphics . The graphics on the DS game is very colorful and full of life . It is a fun game for al ages .
 My son ca n't put the game down so as far as I 'm concerned it was money well spent . My son is 11 .
 this game is fun overall , easy at first but as you move along it gets harder . I am stuck at the boss part on the 3rd world . the `` eyeball cloud '' is hard to beat !! if you have any tips please put at comment section , thanks ! i just hate kirby for this part i am stuck on , but other than that its awesome !
 This game is really fun ! And who ever thinks Kirby is for babies , THINK AGAIN ! This game is adventurous and you can unlock a whole bunch of worlds . I 'm currently on the 3rd world . It 's kinda hard , but it 's fun ! So buy this game -LRB- if you 're a Kirby fan like me -RRB- . Ready , set , BUY NOW !!! - Gamer Girl
 It is not a hard game at all and it has the usual kirby game feature - Paint kirby . I like to paint kirby in black ~ ^ ^ Anyway , another well excuted kirby game . It is a good game to spend time on it .
 The story is that kirby is about to take a bite out of that delious strawberry short cake then all of a sudden something comes out of no where and steals it . Then kirby relises that the cake is gone and blames on no other than King DeDeDe . Then kirby goes to DeDeDe 's castle to get his cake back . But what kirby dos n't relise that the mousers were the ones that really stole the cake and that King DeDeDe has nothing to do with what happened to the cake . In this game , you can store certain amounts of items and powerups in kirby 's stomach . You can use these items and powerups whenever you want . You can mix items and powerups to get certain things like a 1-up , A tomatoe , a radom power up , or a special power like the thunder sword altho both the sword and the elaments thunder , ice , and fire must have special scroles in order to get the elament swords . This mixing ability was in kirby 64 before but this system is not as active as the one in kirby 64 but is going in the right step . You can efect certain things in this game such as cooling the lava to make platforms . You can collect chests that are in the levels -LRB- except the very first one -RRB- and when you touch the larger chests a mouser will come out and try to get the chest from or will already try to get the chest that 's wide open . When you get the chest , you have to run to the exit with it or you have to fight them in order to get the chest back . In ordewr to get to the last two worlds , you must have all the star selers and in order to get them you must keep collecting the chests until you have all the star selers . The final boss is a dissapointment . It looks like a giant star with one eye and is easier than nightmare and darkmind . The backgrounds and sprites are great . The music is very good . I like the new halberd theme , king DeDeDe , and doroche 's boss music . There is one power up that owns all boses and that 's the tornadoe . This game was great and was in the right step but was just too easy . If you 're a fan of the kirby series than buy this game or rent it first .
 My child enjoys this game . So I tried it myself and got hooked on it , too . And I am not a big fan of video games but this is one game I like . Buy it for your child . You 'll get your money 's worth because you 'll end up playing with it , too .
 This game has new abilities and I 've found five of them -LRB- I 'm not sure if you know about it -RRB- it 's the three element swords and two element bombs . It 's sweet !
 This is a good game . I really like it . I 'm having trouble getting the chests away from the mice , but it 's still really fun . I would n't say it 's the funnest game that I own , but still , it 's fun . If you like Mario , then you 'll like this game .
 Love this game . It 's pretty simple and easy in some levels . In the main story , you are searching & collecting chests in each level . The stylus is n't really used in this game . You can use your finger to select the items you want and the buttons for controlling Kirby.This game is n't too easy nor too hard . Some levels are challenging as to where are the chests located or how to get to them and some bosses are kinda hard to beat . With the right power , the bosses are easy to beat.I 've beat the game 100 % and that was exciting ! I 've also beat Kirby Canvas Curse but by 99.7 because of the cart run . I ca n't get a medal for that one but I did beat that one too on the main story as well . Both are excellent Kirby games for the DS .
 It was the most fun game of my ten year old life . The only thing I did n't like was the BOSS challenges . The bonus items gave the game a nice twist . Kirby could be any color depending on the bonus colors you have . I beat the game in a month and I did not care that I was neglecting my other DS games .
 When I first got this game , I thought it would be fun , and I was right!The graphics are very cool . My favorite copy ability is Metal Kirby.I know he might be slow and hard to float , but I like him becausehe is mostly indestructible ! One thing that I find not good is thatfrom levels 1 through 5 , the bosses are easy to defeat!I 'm stuck on the boss of level 6 , and Daroach is very hard to defeat.I really love the minigames and the collection room.My favorite spray paint to put on Kirby is pink ... Of course!Kirby 's natural color is pink ! -- ` Duh ! ' Anyway , in the next Kirbygame they make , I hope it 's going to be like this one !
 Works as well as new . Came with case . No glitches . Great purchase!The package came right on time . This game was in perfect condition . This kirby game had most abilities ever and had great levels . No glitches . Had a couple of other files in it , but I could delete those . : -RRB-
 My boys love everything Kirby -LRB- and mario and pikmin and sonic ... you get it -RRB- . They thoroughly enjoy this game and play it often along with all the others in their collection !
 My 7 year old son enjoyed this game and the price was great too ! This was a good buy at this price .
 Great game ! My kids love Kirby . Came in the time frame specified by the shipper . Kids love it still playing it !
 Great service was provided by seller and product was as expected and arrived in a timely manner . Thank you very much
 one of my favorites but still easy . everything came in perfect not wrong with the game . fun pass time though .
 my son love this game a a d d vg g g yyy gf f fddd ss s fmm mm ff
 Game was okay , but how fast Amazon shipped it to me was 5 stars .
 I owned this game . it was pretty fun . using new abilities and all that good stuff . it is challenge sometimes . its a great game where you have to think hard a few times in order to beat a boss or frind a chest . i think its a good buy .
 I think you should get this alot.Even though I didnt buy this game , I have a R4 . -LRB- Its a NDS chip but it stores maybe a hundred games in one chip . -RRB- You know , I gotten SICK of this game but still play it.Have you got triple star ? GET IT TO WIN !!! But you might need an action replay to win.TYPE Action replay and select buy.KIRBY RULES!RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KR !
 Does it work in PAL DS ? Or if my friend has PAL version of this game , can i play multi-card multiplayer with him ?
 Kirby Squeak Squad is a very entertaining title for the Nintendo Ds . Kirby embarks upon his quest when he is about to have snack time -LRB- his favorite time -RRB- and the Squeaks come and steal Kirby 's shortcake . Kirby must then venture off to recover his lost delicious treat . The game has very nice visuals typical of the Kirby game series . The game can be beaten within a week or so playing , however to unlock all the secrets it will take much longer , prolonging the replay value of the title . I would strongly recommend this game , especially to Kirby fans .
 I am a long-time Kirby fan -LRB- from the NES -RRB- and was excited to play both Squeak Squad and Canvas Curse on my DS . I like Squeak Squad better because it is most like the original . A couple differences
 This has been one of the best games ever . Both of my older boys -LRB- 9 and 5 -RRB- have been enchanted and have played this together since we got it . Lots of fun and excitement - challenging for my older boy and fun to play for the younger .
 My son received this game for Christmas . This is by far his favorite game . If you like the Kirby games for the Gameboy Advance , you will like this game , also .
 Let me begin with some demographical context . I 'm 29 years old and bought this game for my 3 year old daughter . She 's slowly begun taking over my video games and one of the first games she learned was Kirby for GBA . But that was then , and lately I do n't get to see my Nintendo DS very often.SO , to make a long story short , finding games she likes to play has been informative . She does n't play any of the American games like Little Mermaid because quite frankly , they suck at being intuitive and fun . But watching her on Kirby DS is downright spooky . Even growing up with Nintendo , I would have never thought a 3 year old would be able to take out end bosses and clear levels . A very well designed , high quality game .
 I have played all the Kirby games before this one and this one is easily by my judging
 Kirby Squeak Squad is a good addition to the Kirby series . It adds some new abilities , like the animal and bubble abilities and you are also able to store Kirby 's abilities and other things on the DS 's touch screen for later . The level design is also a bit different from other Kirby games , and the graphics are slightly better than average . I rate this game 84/100 .
 My kids got this game after having played it at their grandmas house -LRB- she owns a wide veriety of DS games -RRB- My oldest son -LRB- 7 -RRB- loved it and so they got it . This game is easy enough for my nintendo loving son to play but had to ask for help a few times from me . It is difficult enough that when he asked for help , I was playing the DS for a few hours straight trying to help him progress in the game ! -LRB- I have always loved kirby - but I dont get much game time in ! -RRB- I know that my 4 year old and my 7 year old love the game , my 4 year old needs help , but he has fun no matter if he is winning or loosing , I personally have alot of fun playing this game since Kirby is a game that I played back on the original nintendo forever ago.I am a 27 year old mom of 4 , I definitly recommend this game !
 Although my friend finished this game for me , it was still a ton of fun ! I even had fun watching her defeat the Squeak Squad ! Well , it was a good game because it was challenging , but not impossible , and you can still play after you finish . The only bad part was that nothing much changed . Every level is basically the same
 this game rocks you can make powers by putting them together witch is a lot of fun because you do n't know what you 're going to get I highly recommend this game , if you like Kirby of course .
 Kirby Squeak Squad is not all that different from the previous Kirby games . The main standouts are the ability to collect up to five items in Kirby 's stomach , the chests that must be acquired , and of course the Squeak Squad which pops up in every level.On the plus side , the graphics may be 2-D but they 're lovely . There 's a lot of attention to tiny details -- for example , if you leave the game too long , Kirby falls asleep , then eats his dream and wakes up . When Kirby has the Metal ability you can really feel the weight to him , and the Bubble ability to turn enemies into collectible powers is neato.I enjoyed this game , but it 's not Kirby 's best . Kirby Superstar completely knocks it out of the water . There 's just not that much that 's new . In addition to that , there is n't much variety to the enemies and powers . The sword and fire abilities pop up way too much . There are even some I miss ! What happened to the little witch enemies and the bomb-hurling `` Poppy Jr `` s ? Or the one-use Cook and Mike abilities ? I really miss the Plasma ability as well.It 's fun to have a new Kirby game for the DS with some cute quirks , but do n't expect much to surprise you . This is a Kirby game in wonderful classic style , with no big changes to anything in particular .
 My son absolutely loves this game . He plays it all of the time . He 's forgotten all about the other games he got for Christmas and spends hours playing this one .
 This game is fun ! Do not think this game is for babies or girls ! You can get all sorts of cool powers and extras ! This game 's probably worth buying if you are a Kirby fan ! This game does get hard ! The game starts out easy and gets harder as you go along ! Why not by this game ?
 My son played it non-stop all weekend . Buy it and your kids will be happy !
 My child is happy with this video game . My child says the level of play has easy and also challenging parts to it , and Kirby is cute .
 All the reviews say it 's a great game and I agree , but when I got this game it was a fake ! I first noticed this when it came in the mailing package . There was no box , no instructions , and no `` register your software '' booklet . Just a game cartridge . I took a look at it and saw that the sticker on the cartridge was faded , and the image looked a little out of place ! I compared the cartridge with my friend 's , and I saw a HUGE difference between the image size and the coloring . I played it a few times and once or twice on the DS menu , there was a blank picture and title . But it did not say `` no game inserted '' . By then I knew it was fake . So beware if you buy this game because the one you get could be fake .
 THIS ITEM IS ALOT OF FUN AND SEASONED GOLFERS AND BEGINNERS ENJOYED IT . WE HAD A GOLF TOUNAMENT ON CHRISTMAS DAY . THE ONLY THING IS SOME WISHED THE GOLF CLUB WAS A LITTLE LONGER .
 With our busy lives , my husband does not get a chance to hit the green much anymore . I surprised him with this for Christmas , and it was a hit . He connected it to our TV and golfed for about 30 minutes . I think he was very surprised that it was n't a `` cheasy '' game . He TV golfs everyday now for about 20-45 minutes after work . Works for both of us : -RRB-
 Hey This product is now available in the united states . It was originally made in england . that is where I got mine . It is awesome and it works fairly well . I recomend staying still before you take a shot . It helps if you dont stand so close to the base . The base acts like a sonar and will detect a straight hit , a slice or a hook . You can change the club size only in the software . It is a little silly to put with a wedge but hey its a toy ! Was a great holiday gift and everyone wanted to play including grandma . I hope they make more of these . cheaper than Wii !
 No resource gathering in this game ! You start with an army and capture train station , factories , airports , which you can then use against the enemy!A pc/dos classic .
 JJ Redick is in the Game . Number 4 on the Duke Roster . They have him at SF , with D Nelson at shooting guard . EA also got the skill set for Mcroberts fairly close to the real thing . 06 of MM has improved dunking -LRB- similar to the Superstar Dunking in NBA Live 06 -RRB- . Arenas dont look that much different from 05 . If your a college basketball fan or DUKE fan , you will enjoy this game . I agree with the other Reviewers that the guard defense takes the most practice .
 I think it 's funny that a previous reviewer said that computer is a scoring machine on JV level ... . on VARSITY , I 'm winning games by a score of 144 to 17 , playing 6 minute or 7 minutes per half . Scoring machine ? I just do n't think so . You can tweak the computer game play by going into the options ... how accurate do you want them to be ? I 've played on the hardest level and still won rather convincingly . I 'm not even that good at this game , so for me to be winning so convincingly and others to be blown out by the `` SCORING MACHINE '' of JV level really tells me something . Do n't fault the game for your own lack of skill . It 's not the game ... it 's the player.I think the graphics are cool ... I also like the enhanced recruiting features over the 05 version . I want to play '07 to see if there are any tweaks to it , but overall , I Like ' 06 . And I 've taken many weak colleges and turned them into 6 star folks competing -LRB- and beating -RRB- colleges like DUKE , A&M ; and North Carolina.University of North Texas and Stephen F. Austin are two of my favorite colleges to play . I 've won the NCAA championship with both , beating the likes of Kansas , Duke , Univ. of Texas , Michigan State and UConn.The gameplay is smooth . If you 're a college hoops fan , I ca n't see why you would n't enjoy this one .
 if your struggling playing defense you need to learn how to cut off the passing lanes . when you do that push up on the right analog button and good defenders will steal the ball . you can also slap the full court man to man on and get in front of the player the inbounder is trying to pass to . you can go on huge runs by doing this . you have to play a game more than one time before giving bad reviews , every game has its little system that you have to learn before mastering it . i think this game is very very fun . you can use any team and the recruiting option is great . i strongly recommend it to any college basketball fan . the only draw back is you cant transfer players from this game to nba live 2006 which you could in the past .
 A little work on brodcasting but overall it 's right up there with 2k6
 i saw there was a previous interview where somebody didnt enjoy this game and honestly i can see why but let me explain . This game and college hoops 2k6 are the main competitors for college bball games this year and wanting to lock one up for a xmas present i decided it would be wise to rent both first and i was certainly glad i did . to start off teh negative about this game is mainly in the fact that there was really no new improvements , yes the ps2 which is what i have and the xbox have reached their full potential so not much more new to be seen here graphics wise altho the gameplay is still very solid i think the only thing that really bothered me was taht the crowd still looked like a fuzzy wall . when it came to college hoops 2k6 the graphics i will admit were sharp and narrowly trumped march madness -LRB- especially the crowd and cheerleaders -RRB- but when it came to actually game play i was a lil dissapointed there is no freestyle stick in 2k6 which IS present in mm06 and allows u to use teh analog stick to do crossovers and behind the backs to blaze past ur opponent where as 2k6 still had the nba live 97 type movement where u just had to jerk your man past his opponent which is not college bball and can create too many turnovers . Also marchmadness has a preseason top 25 in their game where as 2k6 does not and altho the rankings are shaky at best compared to waht the real teams turn out to be i still like to get a feel for who are the standout teams of the game . my biggest gripe with 2k6 is this tho , i tryed to play miami fl vs. wisconsin like three str8 times when i rented it and every time it would freeze up and be in a loading screen for like 20 mins before i finally tried again and it kept happening nto to mention that there is some freezing in the game itself and then starting back up which is very low par , id even say that maybe 2k6 ahd better music but when it comes down to whcih game college bball fans should get i would say march madness 06 for a real fun college basketball game GO HOYAS !
 Looking at some of the reviews I thought the game was bad but I bought it anyway . The game is a bit fun . Some parts need work but fun . I really like the commentary because they make it seems like real-life . The music okay but could 've had something else than marching band music . Dynasty mode is pretty cool . And THANKFULLY you can switch the players numbers to random names . So rent it and give it a shot . You 'll never know ...
 This game wastes Pro evolution soccer and world tour 06 . I am agast that people think its so bad . Pro Evo is what I would rate 1 star .
 I have owned a lot of soccer games and to be brief : This game is a pleasure to play if you are a serious footie gamer.The new manager mode is a great and it really keeps you playing the game for a longer period of time . As far as goals are concerned , the defense is much harder this year and while on the easiest level you can blast the ball by keepers from 20 yards out , its much harder on the top skill levels . I think its very realistic because in the actual game of football , i think you see more goals as a result of headers , fastbreaks , and defensive break downs that let a player get behind the opposition and up close to the goal within the 8 yard box more than you will see 20-25 yard screamers . This game shows that as the goalies are not soo easily fooled at long range when you get into the two higher skill levels.If you want a challenge with managing contracts and funds while competing for signings and cups , then pick this game up .
 -- Where do i start ? This is one slick game . I 've got FIFA every year since 03 and they just keep getting better in subtle and unexpected ways . Career Mode is nice , fun , continuous . It 's also grand to play with friends . If you 're a fan of soccer you SHOULD be a fan of FIFA 06 , unless you have no imagination or tactical knowledge on the pitch . Choose your formation and tactics that best fit how you and you teammates play on the real field and your team will shine on the tv screen . With options to start runs , and work off the ball in wall passes its opens up the field in the attack so you can cut through any defence . While for defense , with options like calling a 2nd defender you can use stategies such as a stopper-sweeper type system -LRB- one man goes for the ball , the 2nd stays back and covers -RRB- . Of course no game is flawless , in the highest difficulty -LRB- World Class -RRB- it seems like you can work a team and still not score -LRB- the keepers skill is blown out of proportion as compared to the rest of the players -RRB- unless you run at the keep one on one and slot it into a side of the onion bag . Also theres one really creepy song that sounds like some goth broad singing from the 80s haha . -- All in all , if you 're a soccer fan , understand the game and the tactics , I say get it . It 's very enjoyable - especially seeing you friends faces when you give em a good kicking .
 I recently bought a FIFA 07 after trading in my good old FIFA 06 . As soon as I laid hands on FIFA 07 I realised how badly I miss FIFA 06 . Gameplay in FIFA 06 is better even in amateur mode . I am sticking with my FIFA 06 for now .
 this is a good game . it has some downers like u cant out run a defender . then it has some good things like it has cool graphics an stuff like that . i may not know much about fifa , last 1 i had was 2002 , but its a good game . a lso i was a little mad they did not have a good WORLD CUP .
 First off , I 'd like to congratulate EA Sports for a huge improvement from FIFA 05 to 06 . This game is fantastic in almost every aspect . The graphics are a huge improvement , the gameplay has been improved , the dribbling stick works perfectly , the addition of the FIFA Lounge is very good for those who like to compete offline -LRB- and for Gamecube owners -RRB- and the way the Career mode works now is just absolutely magnificient . It truly immerses you more into the game and scores more points for the series . As fascinating and brilliant these improvements/changes are , there are still a few problems here that must be addressed . I 'm a huge online gamer and the lag you experience while playing online is almost unbearable . There are also some minor famerate issues with the game , as it slows down sometimes when dribbling , or when attempting to gain possession of the ball which immediately takes you off your rhythm . I did n't experience it in FIFA 05 so i hope it would be fixed in 07 . Also it would be nice if they included more animations into the game . Besides minor these cons , the game is near perfect . It has beaten Winning Eleven 8 & 9 hands down this year . I have to congratulate EA sports once again for doing such a wonderful job .
 First of all I 'm not a kid , just did n't want to sign to make an account . The game is very very realistic , I like it a lot . The way the freekicks are taken is so amazing real cause you will have to look for the exact angle for it to enter . Also the manager mode is cool.Only one minor problem is the defense , the computer tends to choose which of YOUR player should defend , and most of the time it 's not the one YOU have in mind , but you tend to get used to it . But all by all it 's a great game . If you like international leagues this is the game to buy !
 EA comes back and totally reedems itselve ! Do n't get me wrong , I love , I mean LOVE Winning 11 , but this years manager mode is a MINDBLOWING !!! I would 've probably added few more features , but it fine like this and what is most important it is PROMISING !! I was tired of scoring from over 35 meters knowing the exact spot the ball was gon na hit . That 's history . Pretty hard for playing , guys . Req . some serious practice . Also , the pro move that I love is their website www.fifa06latino.com - they simply could n't go w/out this anymore as there is a million hispanics outthere giving their lives and loosing their nerves for this beautiful game , but lacking the knowledge in English language . What a fair and pro move by EA ! Keep it like that guys - I 'm already preparing to visit both www.fifasoccer07.com as well as www.fifa07latino.com even though my Spanish is poor.If there was a 10 stars option I would probably go for 9 . I gave five with my eyes closed ! ` RECOMMENDED !!!
 I am not a soccer enthusiast by any means . However , I enjoy playing soccer games . I picked this one up last week , and I really enjoy it . The gameplay is very good and realistic . The only major gripe I have with the game is that the longest amount of time you can choose is 20 minutes -LRB- 10 minute halves -RRB- . That makes no sense to me , and I was disappointed when I discovered that . The only other complaint I have is that the camera angle is pulled too far back to see any player details during the actual game . This applies to all angles , no matter how far you zoom in . Other than these two complaints , I really like the game.The atmosphere , gameplay , overall presentation , amount of teams -LRB- over 20 leagues and 10,000 players -RRB- , manager mode , and different tournaments all make the game well worth the money . As an extra addition , there is a fully playable version of FIFA ' 94 . You can play an Exhibition , Tournament , Playoffs , or League in the retro '94 game . This is a nice addition for those of us who played the early FIFA games.The sound of FIFA '06 is good . The commentators promptly react to the action on the field . The crowd brings the atmosphere to life . They chant for the home team , cheer loudly for home goals , get quiet with opposing goals , react to yellow and red cards , everything they should do.I touched on the graphics earlier . Even though the camera is pulled back a bit far , it is probably necessary in order to see your teammates and upcoming defenders . The cut-scenes and replays are phenomenal looking for a PS2 title . Fortunately , they happen more frequently than what I had expected . The stadiums , weather effects , and lighting all look very good . Also , the animations are realistic looking and plentiful.Overall , this is a very good game for anybody of any age . After playing Winning Eleven over the past few years , I decided to give FIFA another chance . I think the two are pretty even after all aspects of the games are compared to each other . Nice effort by EA this time around . No high scoring games anymore .
 I was reading the reviews posted by other people saying that the playermovements are jerky and you ca n't outrun defenders and blah blah blah.Those people have no idea what their talking about . I 've seen a video ofWE 10 and 9 and the graphics stink and it the commentating is in like 5different languages . Also the pause menu is very confusing and the playernames are in like Chinese and Spanish . It makes for a very confusing andboring setup and gameplay . Back to FIFA 06 , the graphics are the best sofar and totally surpass WE 10 . The gameplay in FIFA is also a huge stepup from FIFA 05 . I also read in some reviews that it 's literallyimpossible to score long range shots . I was the kid who posted the kidsreview titled Uber Fun . Trust me , making long screamers is n't that hard , just get the power meter , depending on how far away you are , up to justbefore the blue , somewhere in the blue , ar just barely over the blue andalways aim for the top , mid , or bottom parts of the goal on the sides.Overall , this game is the best FIFA fo the series besides FIFA 01 , whichwas the best classic FIFA to come out .
 I purchased this game for my teenage son and he loved it . He said the graphics were great and that it was a really good game .
 Fifa 06 has a few flaws . If you read all the reviews you will read about the automatic player switch . This can be turned down in frequency but not off . This is not a good feature . Also one review says you ca n't tackle conservatively . not true , the circle button is conservative tackle . The game is great on 4 player or multiplayer .
 EA Sports seems to be making the FIFA franchise better and better each year in their quest to attain the realism that the Winning Eleven series has attained . FIFA is n't quite there yet , but they are gaining quickly . There are several perks to this game . The graphics are very good . The gameplay is generally fun . The controls are pretty easy to master . The new tactics thing is a neat addition . The players look very realistic . The fact that FIFA has so many teams with real logos , real stadiums , real uniforms , and real players has always been one of the big pluses for the game . Several songs on the soundtrack are good too . The Manger Mode , while having some issues , is pretty fun.As for the negatives , FIFA still sometimes has an arcade like feel to it . The higher levels of difficuly may be too hard for some -LRB- like me -RRB- , but the lower levels of difficulty are too easy . I think some balance needs to be struck . There is way too big of a gap in difficulty between the Semi-Pro and Professional levels . The gameplay does not always seem authentic . The fact that the computer is always so much faster no matter what team you have is annoying and not realistic . I mean , Ronaldinho ca n't outrun defenders ? Come on . Also , I think FIFA needs to tweak something because it is nearly impossible to beat a defender in a one on one with a stepover or the like , but that just is n't realistic.Overall , FIFA still needs some tweaks to make it as realistic as the Winning Eleven franchise , but the game continues to get better each year and until WE gets as many real teams and players and leagues as FIFA , FIFA may be the better choice for those looking for lots of choices for what team to be .
 This is what PS2 has been waiting for - it is fantastic . Presentation is excellent , graphics are a big improvement on previous football titles , although the players still look a little stiff - but it is the best yet ! Commentary is good and relevant , every team you can think of in major football leagues around the world are there with player liknesses as well - you can even recognise some of the bigger names in world football ! My team - Middlesbrough is there and even my home town team - Colchester United -LRB- with sponsors on the kits ! -RRB- Where this game takes it up a notch is the management section - its well done and simple to figure out . All in all the best football game yet on PS2 .
 Every year Ea sports comes out with a new fifa game and a host of new features and this year is no different . While there have been some low moments on the history of the series -LRB- fifa 2204 was a stepdown from the excellence of 2003 -RRB- this year is different . Fifa 2006 is a cut above last years game and has a few new features that make it an enjoyable game . Certain key features from past installments have been taken out however.The first thing you will notice when playing this game for the first time is the off the ball control has been completely removed , and so have the standard free kick and corner controls . However the game now has a free kick control similar to that of pro evolution/winning eleven and an orthodox old school corner kick control where you just aim and with an arrow and deliver the ball . Ripping out the off the ball control and changing the free kick and corner controls however seems to be more of a good decision then a bad one.Second of the first touch system from last years game is still present . On top of that the game now gives you the option of changing defensive and attacking options on the fly . A new shield button allows you to control the tempo of the game as well . On top of these new features the ball physics have been further improved . The graphics also seem to have been improved and the season mode now has more depth and a search engine for the transfer market . It 's also worth noting that the game does actually is n't as hard as some people say and it is possible to score a goal from 20 yards out if it is well placed . On the whole fifa 2006 is a satisfying experience wether you a soccer fan or a gamer in general . And the series seems to be making leaps and bounds towards being as good as winning eleven .
 My wife hates me because of this game . Way better than 04 and 05 , even though I love 04 . Game play is a lot tougher and the soundtracks are awesome . Manager mode is great , especially now that it is 15 years . I just wish my wife would think so .
 This game surpases FIFA 2005 by a eon . The graphics are SWEET and the mananger mode ROCKS .
 I think all the people that said it 's impossible to score a 20-30 yard shot should try it with ronaldinho . In 1 season i scored 90 goals , about 60 of them being long range . Go try barca for one season , put ronaldinho as a foward and take long shots . WE stinks ! I 've never even played and i hate it . This is hands down the best socer game EA has produced -LRB- besides FIFA 01 . They really stepped it up since 05 .
 I think all the people that said it 's impossible to score a 20-30 yard shot should try it with ronaldinho . In 1 season i scored 90 goals , about 60 of them being long range . Go try barca for one season , put ronaldinho as a foward and take long shots . WE stinks ! I 've never even played and i hate it . This is hands down the best socer game EA has produced -LRB- besides FIFA 01 . They really stepped it up since 05 .
 I have been bying FIFA since 2002 , and by farthis is the best one of them . But still , it is missing the realistic ball control and the really good way of difinition WE/PES have . They still have n't eliminated those spots where you just have to shoot and it will always go in . Its just annoying to see the same goal over and over again . Although I liked that now the referee will call on the hands , though its a bit unfair , because there is no way to control your palyers hands . FIFA 06 is a fairly decent game , definitively an improvement . If you just ca n't wait till WE9/PES5 come out in USA or just do n't want to get the japanese version of WE , I would recommend FIFA 06 , but I would recommend even more to wait for WE9 , I 've played the japanese version and it is just awesome .
 I have played this game for a few months now , and I have found no problems that are worth trading the game in . The action is not as slow as some people are saying ; that must be their hardware that is causing the slowdown . I have never had a problem on either mine or my friend 's ps2.The graphics are amazing . The one who commented on the hairstyles is correct -LRB- Zidane has a little TOO much hair -RRB- but this does not take away from the gameplay or the fun.Someone also commented on the ability to tackle ... it 's called the `` O '' button , buddy . That 's how you take the ball away . There 's a slide tackle option and a regular tackling option . He just has n't found it on his controller.Also , in reply to another comment , you can score from anywhere if you have the right player . Ronaldinho , Zidane , and Henry can pretty much place the ball wherever they want.I am not a huge soccer fan , never played it in my life except for random pickup games . I do get pumped about World Cup every 4 years and the Summer Olympics , but that 's about it . So , even if you are n't a soccer fan , this is still a game that you will enjoy . It is also very good for multiplayer purposes .
 I 've been playing Fifa since its first launch and ever since I 'm a huge Fifa fan . I would like to comment on its constant comparison with WE . They all have their + / - but to me , Fifa 's best attribute is that it allows you to play your perfect game where on WE , the flaws of the game are too clear and too realistic . Some may like it but to me I want to enjoy my game .
 This game is very nice on the presentation.Lots of teams and players that i dont think one can find on other football games.But one problem its gameplay should have been better.Scoring goals is a major problem you will end up with scorelines such as 1-0 0-0 etc.The manager mode is very nice and the fifa lounge is also a nice addition.Some very good trax.It needs improvment on the gameplay and should improve looking at all the other nice footie games such as pro evo.Get this game if u like challenges because its tough and takes some time to adapt to its gameplay if u want to score those amazing 20-30 yard goals then this game aint for you .
 I do n't know how many hours of my middle-school and high-school life I wasted on this game , but I must admit it was no mean few . Conquest Deluxe is perhaps one of my favourite turn-based strategy games , though its charm is n't so much in the interface and the mechanisms of the game so much as in the era flavour and -LRB- for a mid - ' 90 's game -RRB- shiny graphics.It is pretty clearly a Civilisation-style board
 I owned the game back in the day with Windows 95 but could n't find it . Ca n't believe I found it on here but this game rocks . Great for anybody that enjoys deep stradegy games . Very simple to learn and works with DOS Box . Had no problems with Windows Vista .
 Superbly balanced game . My gripe with typical CIV games -LRB- even the very very good Total War series -RRB- is that you crank up your resources , buy masses of units , and send them into Verdun meat grinder attrition battles . At some point , your decisions become arbitrary . CONQUEST OF THE NEW WORLD is the rare achievement
 this game looks pretty sweet , a must have for snowboard/skiing fans . lots of sweet lookin tricks . im gon na get it bitches
 I recently bought this at a local BestbBuy for $ 29.99 I do n't normally buy sports games . I used to own aTony Hawk game for the PSone but that 's about it . . This is one of the most accesible games to come outin a while . Without glancing at the manual you canbe pulling tricks and racing in no time . The controlsare for the most part intuitive . The tricks get progressivelymore complex but I found most fairly easy to do . Unlike TonyHawk where after playing for a while I found I could n't get to all parts of the stages and I could n't learn all of the tricks ... The different courses and players and player configuarationsadd to the playability of this game . What is cool too arethe mini-games found in it . Like the avoid the ski-patrol andknockdown as many fellow skiers and boarders as you can ! There is also the option -LRB- Once unlocked -RRB- that allows you to play any of the main tracks . Some you can play day or night which is a bonus.I have read some of the reviews and I for one love the graphics . They are fresh and different from 90 % of the games out there.Someone complained that they were geared to much to skate kids but guess who they are marketting toward ? Come on!The music is a blend of alot of different music . From Punk toHeavy rock to a little bit of Rap -LRB- Paul wall -RRB- . It is different and very cool . I guess if I was a bit older and set in my ways I would n't like it that much but for myself I detest anything in the top twenty pop from Hoobastank or Fountains of Wayne . So to hear most of it I appreciated it and I think it gives it a underground kind of feel.I really enjoyed this game and It is one of the few games I can play with my wife . So that 's another plus . Do n't know why they threw in the skiers though . Even though I used to Ski I got ta say `` Skiers we 're never going to be cool as Boarders . . ''
 Let me start off by saying I have only been playing the SSX games for a little less than a year . My son got a PS2 for Christmas & someone gave him a copy of the original SSX . Since neither my son nor I were familiar with the game mechanics for this type of game , the learning curve was pretty steep , but we eventually got pretty good & started moving thru the game . As we got better , we bought the other titles -LRB- SSX Tricky & SSX 3 -RRB- and thoroughly enjoyed them . So we were both excited when the release date was announced for On Tour . Of course we went back & started playing the previous three while we were waiting for the ship date to arrive.Finally , we got our copy on 10/12 . I wanted to wait until I had some time with the game before I posted my review . It can be summed up in two words ... IT ROCKS !!! I have been playing with nearly every free moment I have and after an estimated 20-30 hours of gameplay , I just got up to a number 1 ranking . While I still have a lot of contests to finish -LRB- The upper level trick competitions & shreds are brutal -RRB- I 'm already looking forward to starting all over again as a skier this time . Anyway , let me give you the high & low points :1 . -RRB- The game mechanics have been simplified . Ubers have been replaced by monster tricks . The simplest of these just require pushing the right analog stick in any direction -LRB- after your boost is full -RRB- and are available to your character right out of the box . The bigger monsters -LRB- think Super Ubers from `` tricky '' or Monster Tricks from `` SSX 3 '' -RRB- have to be bought & require pusing the analog stick in a specific direction , then rotating 90 degrees either clockwise or counter-clockwise . Makes for an easier learning curve , but does n't detract from the gameplay . Rail ubers -LRB- excuse me ... Monsters -RRB- are back too . Therse are like the ones in SSX 3 - just use the shoulder buttons once you 're on a rail . As for the addition of skiing , I 'll admit I have n't done much of it ... yet . The only thing about it that bothers me is that it reminds me of using an Alpine Board from the previous titles . You can get caught facing backwards & this can affect yor speed . I will say , however , that it 's MUCH easier to turn around - just push the two analog sticks in oppsite directions .2 . The soundtrack is the best yet . I LOVED SSX 3 's soundtrack , but this is even better . The second I heard the opening to `` Run To The Hills '' during the opening cut scene I got chills . A lot of alternative & old school rock , with some hip hop thrown in for good measure . I 'm gon na need to get the CD because the songs keep running thru my head even while I 'm not playing .3 . While the `` open mountain '' feel from SSX 3 is n't there as part of the navigation screen , you can still cruise through everything by selecting `` Freeride '' from the Map screen . As before , most runs run into something else , allowing for one long cruise that takes about 20 minutes , and there 's plenty of alternate routes & shortcuts along the way . And while I think the menu graphics are a bit much , they do n't detract from the total experience .3 . The graphics are as good as SSX 3 's , and the attention to detail is even better . The addition of name brand sponsors throughout the courses adds to the sense of realism . And the blurring effects to enhance the feeling of speed when you kick in the boosters will have your pulse pounding in no time .4 . I 'll agree with prevoious reviewers that the customizations of your own character are pretty generic , and that the returning characters have lost some of their personality , but I really do n't feel that this detracts all that much from the ovearll `` funness '' of the game .5 . As has been mentioned there is no on-line play . But since I do n't have my console setup for online play , it 's no skin off my nose . Besides , the only people I really want to play is my son & his friends anyway.Overall , I think this is a fine addition to the franchise . It 's deep , I 'm looking forward to trying my hand at skiing , and the soundtrack is big & broad enough that you wo n't get bored with it anytime soon . If you 're a fan , do n't hesitate to get this latest installment . If you 've never tried the SSX games before , take a chance ... I 'm sure you 'll get into it & end up hooked .
 SSX is a great series , on Tour is simply the best of them.I 've played Tricky , SSX3 and on Tour , the last one is a better , bigger , stronger version.It 's got ski as well the soundtrack kicks ass as always and the tricks are awesome.I really have a problem understanding the bad reviews.I played lots of video games in my life this one was the most exhilarating and enjoyable for me , together with mariokart ... I own now a PS3 but I am telling you the fun of this game is a notch above anything else.If you like freestyle games you wo n't be disappointed by this one.Conclusion
 I was very happy with the game play and the control . Their were some changes of the style of SSX but very much needed for the game , more fast paces as well as keep true to the snowboarding sport . The music is great and goes well for all of the levels and the challenges are not easy when you get further along the game . However when you get the money to hey better gear , then it will become more enjoyable .
 I 'm a big SSX fax , so I could just be incredibly bias , but we all love this games . All my friends , my sister , I love this game . It 's A LOT different from the other games we love , like SSX3 and SSX Tricky , but I think it 's in the good way . Personalization is different , some of the ways tricks happen , and obviously the mountain is a bit different , but I very much like it . I think it 's a great addition to any SSX -LRB- even skateboarding -RRB- collection .
 Snowboarding games do n't get better than the SSX series . If your like me and live in Florida , this game is a great way to hit the slopes .
 I held off getting this from the various reviews here . Now that I finally got it I love it.The hill is so wide open . I was always put off when I would find a cool spot in ssx3 only to run into the end of the play area -LRB- sometimes just a short hope off of the main course -RRB- . This game does have an edge but it will sort of push you back once you find it instead of the harsh reset that ssx3 would give you.The in game graphics are better and the menus are sketch-booky but I did n't buy the game so I could stare at the between menu graphics . I wont be pausing to watch these opening graphics or show them off to people who have never seen the game like I would if I were showing them ssx3 , but thats no biggie.And why are people so hooked on the pre-made characters ? Ugh , I always disliked being someone else 's invention . Let me make a guy -LRB- or gal -RRB- and beat the stuffing out of those old characters.I have n't finished the game yet but I am making my way through the ranking fairly easily . I 'll see how the competition is once I get to the pro level . Even if it is easy to beat I still enjoy just cruzing the mountain and finding all of the hidden trails and other spots that are just fun to hit.I would say if you have been a fan of ssx you will have fun with this game ... on a sad note I guess this may be the last of SSX for PS2 . Oh , well . i think ssx3 and ` on tour ' will hold me over till the ps3 's are old and cheap .
 at first i was disappointed , because the characters are completely different than the last three SSX games . but the more i play it , the more i like it . i love the variety of courses , way more than the last three -LRB- or at least it seems that way -RRB- .
 Before I get started , let me just say that I really enjoy the gameplay of this game . I 'm not , however , a big fan of the new menu system . I really liked the system implemented in SSX 3 . I liked the ` Big Mountain ' feel . I liked the ability to freeride from the top of Peak 3 , to the bottom of Peak 1 if that was what I so desired . I loved the above the treeline skiing at the tops of the three peaks in SSX 3 . All of those are missing in On Tour . I could really care less about the art work and character customization as decried by other reviewers ... I play the games for the game play , bottom line . Let 's do a pro/con breakdown , shall we?Pros : - The addition of skiiers ! I 'm a skiier , I 've never ridden a snowboard in my life . I was really excited at the news of this addition . I just find the mechanics of skiing to be more aesthetically pleasing than snowboarding . Plus the additional tricks you can do on skis adds more variety to the game . You can take off or land switch -LRB- skiing backwards -RRB- , and switching between the two is a simple flick of the Right analog stick . - The courses -LRB- levels ? -RRB- have a bigger feel to them than did the courses in SSX 3 . There just seem to be an almost infinite number of lines you can run in any given course . - The addition of ski patrol and other skiiers , outside of those competing against you . Anyone that skis or rides knows the risk of patrol pulling your lift ticket for speeding ! Plus I 've always loved playing `` Kiddie Slalom '' on the snow . Now I can do it on a video game ! NOTE
 First off , let me say this . SSX 3 is by far the best snowboarding game ever . On Tour takes a few steps back , as well as a few steps forward . When you first put the disk in the PS2 , you will see that the game has a very unique and cool art style based on heavy metal . It is basically Napoleon Dynamite 's sketches , if he were obsessed with the rock-on hand symbol or unicorns playing double-neck guitars . Some of the art is cool and imaginative , and some is just plain stupid . Going with the Metal theme , all of the uncreated riders present themselves like rock stars . Remember Psymon the fugitive from Tricky and 3 ? He 's back , but he has a huge pink Mohawk . The gameplay is pretty much like any SSX game , but it has a few major changes . For one , the right analog stick is now used to do Monster tricks -LRB- no more uber tricks -RRB- . While Performing a monster trick , the camera will slow down and move to the rider 's side . Just moving the stick in any direction will make the rider take a foot off of their board . Good tricks cost event reward money , but it is worth it to see your rider take off his board and play it like a guitar . You can also make your rider a skier , but the only difference between skiing and boarding are the different tricks . On tour has a great soundtrack and sound effects . The soundtrack features a lot of Indie rock , classic heavy metal -LRB- including Motorhead , Iron Maiden and Def Leppard -RRB- and some rap . The sound effects are great , including great WHOOSH sounds when you are going extremely fast . The graphics are the same as SSX 3 , but the Blur effects are better and the created characters do n't look as sharply as they should . In the Tour mode , you create your own boarder and do Big challenges -LRB- now called SHRED events -RRB- and medal events until you are ranked the best rider on the tour . It is a lot of fun and it will take you a long time to complete . The character customazation is n't as good as , say , NBA Street V3 , but there are good amounts of clothes and goofy costumes that you will like . You can still ride down the mountain freely , but you ca n't choose any events to do . There is still splitscreen Multiplayer , but online play has been cut out . That is fine , as the Tour mode is the main mode of play . There are now other riders on the mountain that are like traffic in the Burnout games . You can hit them or narrowly avoid them for an extra boost . Overall , SSX On Tour is a great snowboarding game . Anyone who is interested in skiing , snowboarding or the SSX series should definately check this game out
 I loved SSX3 and Tricky , and after reading reviews of this game , I thought , blech , I wo n't get it . But my darling children bought it for me and I figured I would give it a go . I love it just as much as the other SSX 's . Yes , there is that cartoony drawing , but only in the menus , it is not a part of gameplay , I was worried that it was , but it 's not . Yes , it is a different style of menu than the other games , so , it is different , not bad , just something new . I like that you can play as a skier or snowboarder , I have one snowboard character built and am only 22 % of the game complete . It is not linear in the sense you go from one race to another , but you get to pick what you want to do on the mountains , races or style competitions . Some are hard and quite frustrating , like running into 2 other skiers in 1:30 minutes , or do 11 handplants in one minute . Still , we have racked up plenty of prize money to get new boards and outfits , so it is fun and I do n't see what all the griping is about . I am easygoing , and I just do n't see the need to complain about this game , now Katamari Damacy is another story ...
 I ca n't really decide whether this game is good or great or somewhere in the middle . There are plenty of things added and detracted from the game that are either good or bad . Here 's the list : On the plus side...-Gameplay has been upgraded . The controller vibrations are still there , the speed while racing down the track , which seems to have an unlimited number of paths , is awesome , and uber tricks have been replaced by monster tricks , though all that 's different is the name . The tricks are easier to pull off , but only after bumping up your boost bar by doing other tricks.-More characters-The Tour mode which allows you to create your own character and work your way up to the top skiier/snowboarder on the mountain.-Skiing AND snowboarding options for your created characters and the originals.-The music , which is as good as ever.-There are extra snowboarders and skiiers on the mountains who are n't competing with you . They make the mountain seem less empty , along with all the extra items and obstacles thrown in.-Better graphics . They 're similar to the ones in SSX 3 but there is a definite improvement.The bad side...-The game has a new appearance , comprised of black and white cartoons of guitarists . It 's quite ugly . The overall feeling of the mountain has been lost , making the entire thing much more boring . It almost seems as if EA games ran out of money to even make a slightly presentable appearance for the game.-The background guitar music on the mode select screens , and other screens gets really annoying , along with the cartoons that appear every now and then.-The Tour mode 's character creation options are n't that great . While resizing the build and height of the characters is always a nifty feature to have , it 's sad that EA would leave out a feature to change your character 's skin color . Sure , there are light , brown , and dark-skinned people to start making changes on , but if you 're unhappy with the face given to the person you choose , the face that you like that has a different skin color will change the entire thing . EA created the Sims , so how could they mess up so badly on something like this ?? There are some improvements , and there are some flaws , but that does n't stop the game from being fun . I 'd say it 's a little bit better than SSX 3 , but if you 're not an SSX fan , it is n't entirely a must have . However , if you are an SSX fan , then go out and buy it !
 So this game is old . I 've been waiting for years for a SSX release on PS3 , but so far no such luck ... I 've put more hours in this game than any other video game I 've owned and I still have n't beaten it . Great gameplay , decent graphics , killer soundtrack ... Downfalls
 compare ssx 3 it has same feature but serious lacking some fun that ssx 3 for example it harder to turn and little slower in speed compare to ssx 3 . it a few step behind ssx 3 but still fun to play and the print is hard to read on ssx on tour
 This is one of the best soccer games I found around . I 'm really amazed because the AI , the game is `` really real '' . When I went out to buy the game at the stores I could n't find it , my only chance to buy the game was Amazon and I really appreciate it.Thanks guys ...
 Pro Evo 2007 is just plain awesome . With both player and ball movement outdoing anything that EA can come up with in the FIFA series , this is a game that is fun to learn in easy mode before increasing the difficulty . The numerous ways to score goals keeps the interest going and the different modes makes replicating the feats of your favourite country , team or player great fun.Two hearty thumbs up
 I thoroughly enjoyed this game when I purchased it a few months ago , and still hop on occasionally if nothing else is going on . The player movements and mechanics are some of the best i 've seen in a sports game.DEAD are the days where a player is attached to the ball as they run ... now the ball has its own speed and force and the player needs to be careful or else it 'll get away from them.A bit hard to get a hold of the shooting at first - but it 's no harder than real life I 'd say . Good level of customization and nicely detailed leagues with plenty of info.Highly recommended !
 If you like soccer , get this game and forget FIFA . I thought FIFA was awesome till I played the older version at a friend 's house and I was hooked . Most recently , I 've played this new version every single day it seems like since I got my hands on it . The gameplay on this is outstanding , graphics are great , and the computer actually puts up a good fight ! It really takes some time to master it , and even then you can up the level on the game and you find yourself having to learn new tricks to score.Only downside is that the game does not have all the licenses that FIFA does , so if you wanted to play as an MLS team or German league , you ca n't . But it does n't matter to me as I usually play international or English Premiership teams anyways . While those teams are included , SOME require some editing as there are no licenses for those teams either . But it 's not hard and it 'll take a only a little while to do ... there are guides out there that tell you which team is which in real life and which player is which . For example , Claudio Reyna for USA is Reilla . You can usually figure out who it is too if you did n't use a guide . And team names sometimes are like Merseyside Red which equals Liverpool ... but all the players are correct.Overall , outstanding game , well worth the money .
 just buy it if you like the best soccer game ever . !! , its beyond comparison . dont compare it with other games this is the BEST.No problem with shipping , everything ok.BUY IT , if you dont , oh boy what you are missing.I have a multitap , all of my controllers are wireless , GREAT GAME
 This game is the ish -LRB- `` bomb '' -RRB- . really realistic ... . the graphic got much better than the ones before but thats about it ... . all the other stuff still the same good stuff .
 I 'm Pro Evolution Soccer regular player since version 1 when menus ware just a simple group of text lines . Before PES the game was know as ISS ... . Konami always builded a solid and real soccer simulator , keeping that in mind all the time , the versions released until this PES6 only have the gameplay inside the four lines as the primary target `` forgetting '' other stuff as Fifa have.That lack of info outside the green carpet never made me return to Fifa again , after starting the first match in PES we get hooked to the game , usualy it takes 1 to 3 hours to beginners to start feeling and learn the gameplay , after that experience is n't easy to search for other soccer title , PES is the soccer king . Even after years and large hours playing , its dificult to get the same movement or goals repeated . Each player lot of settings , body and mind , all that can change that player evolution in the field and so the team behaviour.PS3 version 7 to release in October is of course expected to be move the line up with added player animations , updated players/teams and so much more stuff outside the lines.About all , gameplay , ball physics , graphics , perfect ... a game we must have .
 I did n't barrow or rented the game I BOUGHT it , First thing caught my attention was that beauty in graphics later combined with the style of play * REALLY SWEET * . I wanted to choose the FIFA 07 -LRB- $ 25 . -RRB- over the Winning Eleven -LRB- $ 40 . -RRB- due to the peice different , well i can only tell you i was soooooooooooo right to spend the extra $ 15 . bucks and get the W11 , i 'm totally impressed by the game , had i been the manufacturer i would put a satisfaction garantee on the game - SIMPLY THE BEST SOCCER GAME AVAILABLE TO DATE .
 I used to be a die hard FIFA Fan , from 2001 all the way . I started out the WE series with Winning Eleven 8 , I did n't like it at first , but i found it ok overall . Then I moved to WE9 which I found absolutely woeful because of the excessive free kick calls . WE
 A must have for PS2 fans . Best soccer game ever . Do n`t waste your time and money with FIFA ...
 The best sport game I ever played . Playing all week long , this is my all time favorite !!!
 I am the kid who keeps posting `` Wilkommen zum Fussball '' I have a question . How do you unlock new balls in this game ? The manuals say that you can but in the WE-shop i dont see any . -LRB- I have bought everything yet so I should try that first -RRB- Please if anyone out here knows please post it in a review ! Still a great game . I would just like the WC ball for international matces abd the champions league for reinacted U.E.F.A. ties . Thanks !
 The title says it all . This is a great soccer game again . This is easily the best soccer game on the market . It amazes how each year additions can be made to the games that actually would make you want to buy the game again aside from roster changes . Yet THis is one of those games that necessetates getting the game again . Aside from killer graphics -LRB- the best you will see in a soccer game -RRB- , you now have the ability to do three different types of kicks when trying to score a goal . That is incredible !!!!! Bottom Line
 After purchasing Fifa 07 and being dissapointed by it 's mechanical players and sluggish game play , I went ahead and rented Winning Eleven
 I have played WE 6 , WE 7 WE 8 and now PES 2007 . Number 6 is so much fun , 4 years later I keep on playing it , even though it does n't have licensed teams , or some players , but it is as close as the real thing as you can get . Then I played 7 game play was similar , but shooting seem very difficult and was very hard to get a decent shot from outside the box . I barely played # 8 which was more of a cosmetic and license wise upgrade of the former 2 . Then this year my bro got Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 , but since he lives overseas I had a chance to play it before it was shipped to him . It was a nice surprise the teams were more current than in previous version , but still do n't include the updated teams from the winter transactions.Anyway the game was awesomely upgraded . It 's nice scores are more real than in Fifa . The players move like in a real soccer match , while in FIFA the players are like robots . It 's so easy to pick up , although scoring is hard still . It does n't matter how `` expert '' you are , you wo n't route your opponent that easily , if you are a good player but do n't know much about soccer you will enjoy it , if you 're a beginner at video games but like soccer you 'll have a good time since the players move as yo would expect in a real soccer match.When you win in this game you earn it . Not like FIFA if you get into the routines of players and find a sweet spot , you can do the same play over and over and score in 90 percent of the time.EA did a great job with the World Cup game , but Konami is still the king of football as we call it in the rest of the world . The only thing I wish they can improve is the menu . It 's basically the same lacluster presentation as previous versions.If you 're a REAL soccer fan there 's no way you can prefer FIFA , even with all the licensing , btw Konami is getting more and more licenses every year . Anyway I only play with Real Madrid , as long as they are licensed that 's the only important thing , hopefully they include at least all the nations that have qualified to at least one world cup , even with made up names .
 1 . - PES 2007 is bettet than Fifa in Gameplay2 . - PES does have the official number and letter designs of the licensed team3 . - PES players are not mechanical and slow as the Fifa players .4 . - Fifa has a better career mode , PES is very simple and has less decision making .5 . - Fifa has a bit better graphics , both are good thou .6 . - They both lack more national teams .7 . - Menu interaction easier on PES , unlike FIFA you do n't get asked if you wan na save or not in every window.I like gameplay over everything . So I like this one better .
 My title is a german quote by Pele from a Puma commercial . It is a perfect fit with this game !!! This is the best football -LRB- soccer -RRB- game there is ! After a year of waiting , I have not been disapointed ! Here are the strong points and weak points -LRB- the very few there are -RRB- of Konami 's Winning Eleven 07 !!!!!! 1 . Gameplay
 I had fifa 2007 but somebody told me to try winning11 pro evolution and I did , it is far better than fifa and since I received it , I never put the Fifa game in my console anymore . I 'm will trade it for something else . Dont need it . Pro evolution is simply the best .
 Very good graphics and multiple options to play , even for novice PS users .
 I am the same kid who reviewed on February the 10th . I have played the game for a few weeks now and have also taken a look at Fifa 07 which is supposed to be `` as good or better than the w. e. games -RRB- . After 3 years of seperating with ea soccer games -LRB- except Fifa street 2 -RRB- , I am still very cautions to go back . The main problem with konami is that it doesnt have the licenses and apparell that fifa games have . Even though the gameplay is top notch , at the end of the day , people want to play with there favorite teams and players . -LRB- which I have heard Fifa 07 doesnt have all the leagues on it -RRB- This is the cross road . You can choose a game that is flashy and beefed up with licenses -LRB- Fifa -RRB- or you can get a game that has game play that you will get your full money 's worth for years to come . -LRB- W. E. -RRB- If you are still reading , you have probably chose the winning eleven series . Many people do not give this game its full due credit . Like gametrailers.com gave it an 8.4 ! People are saying that it hasnt changed much , but that is a good thing !! Think about it , for people having past games of the series , Similar controls create a more emersive game . for new gamers , the controls are simple and easy pick up . but i do sugest you start on one star or in this game `` very easy '' and face a weaker team like Japan -LRB- sorry guys , but but just like America , we can do many things except soccer -RRB- or you will be torn apart again and again and again . As I said in the last review , shooting is alot harder and more sensitive in this game . Even ronaldinho , Kaka , David Beckham and Didier Drogba have trouble keeping their shots down . Making this game more realistic . Even though you might not have ever used this before , STOP AT THE TRAINIG MODE BEFORE YOU PLAY !!!!! It will save you alot of frustration . Since the control scheme is similar to the others in the series , seasoned gamers should play a few matches on regular , once you feel good in the match mode do what I did , complete A league on regular -LRB- this is the real test because it is a bit harder than in the match mode -RRB- then , you once you finish the league in 1st place , start playing match mode again on professional and follow the same proccess . For soccer fans i highly suggest playing on professional , It is SO much fun ! It is like playing a game of chess , you have to stratagize . Since every team is differant , see how they react to passes and so on , make a pass only when you have a quick back up plan , and remember , every move you make can get you closer or furth from a goal , which is a great feeling by the way because there are no more `` sweet spots '' in this game , you have to earn every goal , NO ! not just every goal ! Every pass!In the w.e. shop , you are supposed to be able to unlock new ball types . This is not available immediately just like W.E 8 . I think you have to clear out everything you start off with in the W.E. shop then new stuff will be available . Now that you have all this info about this game , there is nothing stopping you from joining the Winning Eleven Nation !
 This is a really good game and Konami rocks when it comes to Soccer games .
 This game is stunning . Every aspect of soccer is in this game from the fans holding your flag in the stands to the top scorer award at the end of each season . This is a must buy for any soccer lover
 Sims ... Oh The Sims ... This is a sequel to a classic game that is great for anyone.PROS : - Arrived in 2-3 days , definitely trustworthy seller . - Fun game to play , especially to mess with the other Sims . - It 's pretty easy to beat Death at a fiddle competition -LRB- you 'll see what I mean -RRB- . CONS : - It 's a bit tough to get the hang of the Life Goals . - If `` Meet an Alien '' or `` Be Abducted '' is your Sim 's goal , good luck . - The most annoying thing is the Fire Hazard limitwhere too many objects in your house will make something spontaneously combust.If you do free-play , do n't try to have a huge family if you 're not an experienced player , that will only make your life and the Sims ' lives harder.This game is honestly really fun to play but once you get far into the game , it becomes a bit boring.FINAL RATING
 I am not the best sims player . The good part about this game is the graphics . Maybe it 's me but it moves along very slowly so I am bord . I just leave it set up and when there is nothing interesting on tv I switch over to the play station .
 This game is fun to play on the PS2 , i bought it for my daughter and she loves it .
 The graphics on sims 2 are so much better than regular sims.I find it much more enjoyable than before .
 Ima start out with saying if you want to talk about the computer game then do that on another page.Dont come to the ps2 version 's page and complain that its not like the computer game.I like this game.One of the first ps2 games I dint beat or get board with in a week.Ive had this game about a year and still play it.PROS
 this company acsedently sent me the demo but we contacted them and they immediately refunded us our money this company has great service !!!!
 As someone who recently purchased the Sims 2 on Amazon , and has played it and some of the older PC and console versions , I have to say I think this game is pretty darn good . I recognize that in comparison to Sims 2 for PC , it has some limitations - but what else could you expect ? Consoles ARE limited , but considering the game was originally designed for a completely different medium , I think it is very successful it its own right , and frankly , a lot of fun to play.The game playing is far more textured and rich than `` Bustin ' Out '' or `` The Urbz '' . First of all , the creation of a greater motivating force , whether creative , social , etc. , adds a whole new dimension to Sims and their relationships . Whereas in the past , a series of actions always created the same result , now players will find that their Sims , no matter how ` correctly ' guided , will be rejected by loved ones , paint horrible portraits , or make inedible meals that make other Sims grumpy . Conversely , you may find your Sim succeeding easily or becoming popular with hardly any effort . Such is the nature of Sims 2 . I have never been a Sims player that found the fashion , decorating , or building aspects of the game to be tantamount to goal-achieving , but the new game has more objects with lots of different interactions , a clothes option menu that is sure to absorb hours of your attention , and plenty of new building options . I could see how building houses or changing clothes endlessly would lead to some repeats , but achieving success for your Sim will definitely prove interesting enough to make up for it.I think , overall , this game is worth the price tag . Diehard Simmers who scrutinize every aspect of the game , and compare it to the PC version , are bound to be a little disappointed . But as someone who eagerly anticipated the arrival of the Sims 2 for Ps2 -LRB- meaning , was on the waiting list for a month ! -RRB- , I can say with total enthusiasm that this is a game you , your kids , or your spouse will enjoy , in many different ways . Do n't be discouraged by the naysayers - it 's a worthy investment and is sure to provide hours of that god-like creative control we Simmers love !
 I 've seen a lot of negative reviews for this game . In spite of this , I still find it completely addictive . Sure , it would have been nice if the family features from the PC version could have been included , and there are some flaws -LRB- long loading times , anyone ? -RRB- , but overall it is not a bad game and I highly recommend it .
 Who would have thought a non-violent game with zero weapons could provide hours and hours of addictive fun ?! Well , this is the one ! Graphics are MUCH improved over the first ps2 Sims game -LRB- though I highly recommend that one also , for starters -RRB- . Overall tremendous fun for your buck ! Uses lotsa memory , as do all the ps2 Sims games , so make sure to have a dedicated memory card for it . I think comparing it to the PC version is pointless , since it is a totally different platform . PC version may be all that , but I personally do n't like clogging up my PC with games . PS2 Sims 2 is an excellent game in its own right , and will not dissapoint anyone who loves the ps2 Sims line of games . Enjoy !
 Compared to many persons , I was introduced to The Sims platform before PC . I did play The Sims 1 and had bought The Sims 2 for game cube and ps2 last year . Not too long ago I bought The Sims 2 deluxe PC to see why everybody was giving such a bad review to this game on ps2 . so I make this thing clear , EVERYONE , THE SIMS PS2 IS NOT THE SIMS PC.Everyone should review this game as a separate game and not compare !!!! Both are really good games ! Here are the differences . But first of all i d like to say that the sims 2 ps2 freezes too much compared to the game cube which i really recommend ... that s why im a bit disappointed in ps2THE SIMS 2 PLATFORM : I love this game !!! It is different to The Sims 1 if you ever played it . It does n't work by stages like the first one and you do n't have kids . What I love about this one is that you can control your Sim in 2 modes
 This is a very fun game to play.You can eat , socialize with other sims , use the bathroom , watch tv ... there is so much you can do.This is the first Sims game I ever bought and I absolutley love it.Since I am new to the series , I am gon na check out more of these Sims games .
 I searched EVERYWHERE in my home town for this . We were not able to find it at any location that sold PS2 items . Still works and very satisfied with the product .
 Its came in record time lol The game is awsome ! Works Perfectly . There 's noa scratches . Im lovingthe steal , the sale , and all of the the above . Thankyou so much for the Game
 I dont normally write reviews ... let me rephrase that I NEVER write reviews . but i felt that the 3 star rating was crazy . i have played this game on both pc and PS2 and even thoug the PC version is better i enjoyed ps2 more because they gave the game a purpose ... . what is it ? well in the pc version you can only have a house have families and thats about it yes you can control your sims do what ever you want but i mean in the ps2 version we get sent on a mission to move from our grandmas home and into other places and i just love the challenge . but having said that they are both great games just lack multiplayer
 Another fun sims they just keep coming . Lots of new fun locations to explore . Great new receipes to unlock . Beware of fixing things with no mechanical skills you could die . But pay the old reaper and he 'll bring u back to life . Have fun .
 So you ca n't have babies . No big deal.You can however control your sim completely -LRB- in terms of movement -RRB- . Never again did I miss the carpool just because my sim decided to freeze up ! There 's an exceptional amount of customization tools to pick from , including the introduction to alien skins . Plenty of items to design your house with as usual . Its a pretty enjoyable game.I did n't purchase it from amazon , but I remember owning it on ps2 . In the future I just may buy again .
 Thank you ! My daughter is very happy with this game . It arrived in very good condition and works beautifully . I will order from you again .
 Its very dinamical . You can do alot of things with other people lifes and try to have a second chance on life and under stand the meaning of it . -LRB- talking about the games , relating with real life experience -RRB-
 This game is superb . i personally enjoyed the game thoroughly . I enjoyed the choices for cltohing and accesories etc. . But , i did not like how if you chose the creative aspiration , you had to be an artist when i wanted my person to be in the sport job . but i guess , if you finish that job you could go on to that . blahblahblah i am rambling . anyways , i loved this game , and i find it even more enjoyable with cheat codes . -LRB- well , not all of them , that would make the game to easy . -RRB-
 hey a kid said you can have a kid how ? i love this game but i ca n't figgure out how to have kids.but for those of you who have n't played do it do n't listen to those guys that say it sucks because it is so cool . but if you Know how to have kids then tell me how on this site . write to me by saying `` hey sims lover kid this is how you have kids blah blah blah '' use that in the first sentence ok . but play this game you will love it i do .
 hey a kid said you can have a kid how ? i love this game but i ca n't figgure out how to have kids.but for those of you who have n't played do it do n't listen to those guys that say it sucks because it is so cool . but if you Know how to have kids then tell me how on this site . write to me by saying `` hey sims lover kid this is how you have kids blah blah blah '' use that in the first sentence ok . but play this game you will love it i do .
 Yes they look dumb but u get to make recipecs.And in mine you can have kids -LRB- yes i got it for the ps2 -RRB- . In my game the husband was cheating on her so she does the same only with her teenage daugter boyfriend She ends up with a new man but it not her hubby.Her daugther dumped the boyfriend for some on else.The hubby and the wife made up . -LRB- to have kids you only get to have a teen -RRB- . -LRB- all of tis was in the free play -RRB-
 I 'm liking the game a lot - it 's a great escape for any game player - hours go by and you do n't even realize .
 This PS2 game is n't as good as the computer version , but it is still a great buy . The Sims PS2 version feels more like a game because one is n't able to download hacks and cheat .
 There is so much you can do in this game form managing your family , creating a story for the occupants of your neighborhood , designing a neighborhood and homes . You can stick with just one character or family concentrate on playing through their lives or span a story covering a family over multiple generations . You could also play as various people in a neighborhood and create rich and complex story line go in any direction you want from soap opera type to crime family type or any where your imagination can take you . You can become engrossed with building homes and focus on developing your architectural skills to create a rich diverse neighborhood . Your Sim 's AI has been improved in this game so that there is not such a need to micromanage their every single action like there was in the first game . There are new interactions between Sims that have added greatly to the game . The expansion packs are hit or miss depending on your game play but most add something worthwhile to the game . I would advise staying away from the stuff packs since in my experience have been generally lacking content for the price that is asked for you to pay .
 This game has many flaws but many advantages . There is a story mode which lets you choose your personality and sets you up at the place that thinks you are best at but you may change . And from there on out you have to get a job , or just stay broke and you may get married . The more money you get the more stuff you can buy and put in your house . In story mode there are challenges to overcome and earn . Which there are allot of . Becides story which lasts forever basicly , there is a free play . In free play you get to make your sim which ever way you want him or her to be . Black , white , or alien ? Heck , you can even tatt it up . After making sim which does take awhile and listening to that music over and over again gets stuck in your head . You may make more sims to live with you , such as a girlfriend soon to be wife , brother , sister , etc. . No kids . That is a flaw , you cant make or have any kids . After you are done with annoying sim making which takes forever to load the styles and stuff you put on , you can move in or build your own house . Each has a differnet place like rual , suburbs , city , and so on . And your lot is pretty big so you can have a big hous with no yard , or small house with big yard . Building is a bit confusing at first but after your first few houses you get really fast at it . First you do outline of house like bedrooms and stuff , then you can put doors , windows , wallpaper , brick , carpet , furniture , electronics and many many more . They all have many styles to choose from and from cheap to really expencive . If you dont use the money cheats it is really hard to keep your bills going and hard to afford good furniture along with a small house . But if you do use the cheats , money isnt a problem but you do have to worry about fire hazzard . The more stuff you have the Eaiser it is to have a fire and it wont let you have much suff in your house . So if you have a big house , be prepared to have spaceous rooms . Another thing that is annoying is only one floor is all you can use . Just one , big square floor . kinda boring . When you get moved in you may use every item in your house , even the paintings . You can watch tv , play arcade games , sleep , play on computer , fix things , hot tub , shower , bath , endlessly things you can possibly think of and do . Every time you do something your skill level will go up and the more you do it the better you get , `` it goes up to 10 '' You can get a job of your choice too . Really , you can play forever for your people do not die . If you dont talk to your wife or husband or friends they will soon leave or your relationship bar will go down . Another problem is that when you are running around or doing whatever in your house it will freeze for a few seconds quite a bit . It gets really annoying . You may switch from charecter to charecter if you made them also . The graphics are not to fall for but they are better than most ps2 graphics . So , if you want a forever lasting game , this is for you .
 I have had this game for a little over two years and I am STILL addicted to it ! It is a very fun game and a great way to spend a boring afternoon . There are some flaws , like long load screens . Also you can not have children or marry in two player free play mode . This game is great because you can have serious sims dedicated to work or sims who just wan na party .
 I ordered this game for the PS2 three months after it came out on the consoles and wanted to enjoy the Sims 2 because I do not own a sophisticated enough PC to enjoy playing the real thing . I will say this . It IS fun and addictive . However , it 's not nearly as good as the real thing . I compare it to a handheld or mobile phone version of any real console equivalent of a video game . It gives you a small taste of The Sims 2 but not the full , enriching experience.WHAT YOU CAN DO : - You can customize your own Sim , to a degree . However , imprefections such as moles and wrinkles you ca n't control . You also ca n't control height , or for the most part , their body shape or size . Mostly all Sims are thin and tall . You can also customize the Sims ' personality based on how neat , outgoing , active , humorous , or nice they are . My Sims family were Homer , Marge , Bart , and Lisa Simpson . - You can dress your Sims up in neat , nifty outfits . However , the clothing options are limited . Not so much where as you ca n't dress them to look nice , but the options are n't as versatile as you 'd think . There are enough clothing options to make at least 20 to 30 Sims look completely different from each other , mainly due to how much you can change the color or wear-style of the clothes . But the total actual different clothes options for shirts , pants , shoes , etc. will be only 20 different options or less . It 's the customizations of the outfits that make them look different , as each clothes will have from 3 to 8 different fabrics or colors to them . This is how you can really get Sims to look different from each other , even though there 's less than a total of 20 different pairs of pants or shirts -LRB- and at least half or more of them have to be unlocked in One Player Story Mode -RRB- . - You can build your own houses and have Sims live in them . Unfortunately , they can only be one story houses and you are limited to how much you can furnish them . So really , it 's more like you can build your own ground-floor apartments , rather than actual `` houses . '' The furnishing items are more varied than you might think , but because of the `` fire code '' you can only put down a very limited amount of them . If I had to guess , I 'd say somewhere between 50 and 80 total items in the house -LRB- with the One Player Story Mode homes being able to ignore these limitations and be much larger than what you could build in Free Play mode -RRB- . Now if you think about your house growing up or your parents house or your current house , you can imagine how 50 items is actually not a lot , at all . Especially in dealing with two to three bedroom homes . - You can control entire families inside one household . You can run four Sims ' lives at once inside a household and make them get jobs -LRB- or not -RRB- . You can also build up their job skills stats , such as mechanical or cleaning skills , to further set their personalities apart and to help them get job promotions , with nine promotions being available in any career . Building up their stats and number of friends are how your Sims can get promoted and there are 10 different careers with ten different ranking levels in those careers . There 's law enforcement , science , art , fashion , crime , medicine , politics , and so on . - There is a First Player Story Mode that allows you to control a Sim as a life coach . You move into people 's homes and help them take care of various problems in their lives . Once you fix their problems and lives -LRB- which could take hours , days , or even weeks -RRB- , you move on to the next unlocked location . There are about 12 different `` stages '' in all and will vary from rich snobs living on a yacht , young adults living on a beachside front , Western movie set ghosts , and even aliens living inside a crashed spaceship!If you 're thinking any of these will be a quick fix , then you 're wrong . You 'll spending so much time in a location , trying to keep your Sims living requirements up , building their job skills , and keeping up their social networks , that it 'll sometimes take a real-life week or two before you can take care of everything , depending on how often you play . It 'll take numerous hours to solve all the problems in each location , I 'll tell you that much . In the Sims world , it could very well be a month or two you 'll be living there , especially if you have to control three other Sims that are n't your main character . So this makes the Single Player Story Line very long , but very entertaining because of it . Like I said , you 'll be in some locations for a very long time , so you better make sure your Sim has a decent , well-paying job , and that he or she can afford to really make the place their own because they 'll be there for a while . One example is the Mesa Gallery , which is just a small desert museum of art . There 's a public restroom and that 's it . So you 'll basically have to build an entire living quarters while you help Jasmine become a popular artist . And you 'll also have to keep her dirty hippie friends Willy and Rico alive while there , as well . - Ultimately , you can very eaisly lose HOURS of your life playing this console version of the Sims 2 just as well as the main thing . Most of your time will be spent juggling your vital life needs , keeping up social circles , and expanding job skills . The one player mode is good , but I doubt many people will like it as much if they 've played the PC version of the game already . -LRB- Well , maybe the uncreative people . -RRB- I can tell you this
 This game is like everyother sims game ... one can take it or leave it , its fun and can be annoying also.Depends one ones outlook on things .
 I really love this game.Of course it is n't the PC version but this one is really addictive.I created a family and built my house then I did what you all do in sims games , I took a large dump.It never gets old hearing the way the Sims talk with their crazy giggling to humorus gibberish.There really is no story to this game that I could pick out but a story would probably have ruined this great game.Pros : - Create your own person -LRB- clothes , body , and personality -RRB- - Create your own house-Tons of cool items to put in your home-Lots of clothing to choose from-Talking is fun-Flipping other sims the birdCons : - No option to make kids-Fire Hazard does n't allow you to fill your house with stuffThose are the only cons I see . So do yourself a favor and pick up this game .
 A humorous edge , great locations to visit , and a better story mode . Improved graphics from the previous Sims games for PS2 . Awesome direct control/godmode toggle . More interactive objects through third person mode -LRB- and cooking , socializing , etc -RRB- Not bad in general.Some issues
 This game is totally addictive . If you have time to kill , play it . You will be so wrapped up in getting tasks done on there that you will literally forget about real life . It 's nice to forget about things for a hour or so and play a carefree , non-competitive game .
 This is a new concept to video games . Show kids what real life is like . My daughters love it . I ca n't get them to stop .
 Well finally The Sims 2 has reached PS2 . I ran and got mine yesterday . Before I knew it , it was 1AM and I was still playing ! The game has been totally enhanced from the previous PS2 version . The graphics are much better and more pronounced . The create-a-Sim option is just wonderful . You 'll enjoy that.The only thing I do n't like is that you can NO LONGER have children in the game . The PC version of the Sims 2 does have that option . And it is terrific - from the morning sickness to the baby 's arrival . You can even hire a Nanny ! But it is sorely missing here in the PS2 version.It 's a great game for a rainy day or when the snow comes and your indoors . But do n't be like me and play on a weeknight , when you 've got a meeting the next morning at 8AM ! As I said earlier , this game is highly addictive , but still a lot of fun . If the developers read this , and I hope they do , I enjoyed the game a lot . But leaving out the children option was a big mistake . You can still marry , but no visit from the stork.A great game however , and I highly recommend it to all ! Hopefully , if there is a Sims 3 for PS2 , they 'll be wise enough to put the children back into the game -- morning sickness and all.Enjoy !
 I 'm up to the 4th location . The luv boat.The houses are much more versatile and the wall papers and floors have an attractive selection . My favorite part of the previous Sims PS2 game was designing the houses , so this new feature is a big plus for me . The house designing holds you back with fire codes . Ca n't spend too much simoleons in one house.The default characters are hotter this go round . I think maybe the game mfg was looking to reach a Baywatch type audience . You can make same sex couples ` make out ' , which I get a big kick out of . I was able to get Felicity and Farrah to ` cuddle ' and make ` woo hoo ' . New socializing options are added , but you have to get the Sim in the right mood , and you never know when you 'll be rejected . `` boo hoo '' . I married Felicity , but she decided to be my best friend instead , the romance options stopped being available to make-out with her.So , I started the whole game over and I 'm not marrying Felicity this time , even though she keeps weeping around the house . I married Timmy this time . He 's pretty easy going , so I 'm happy in my new marriage . The first character you marry follows with you through all the locations . Timmy is in the Law Enforcement career track and he brings in a comfy simoleon paycheck.The game gives the characters ` Aspirations ' to achieve to unlock Buy objects and locations . I have an aspiration to ` Propose ' to Ossie , but the option never comes up in the menu . The ` Aspiration ' generator is somewhat aware of the choices you make . It keeps telling me to ` Hire ' a maid , even though I 've already hired her , so I have to Fire her to Hire her , or I could wait for the next location to open up . Keep the lass working . Though sometimes I catch her falling asleep on her feet . Work , maven , work!The Buy catalog has interesting new ` fun ' objects . I 've gone through half of them , remember Air Hockey ? The Jukebox has some trendy pop songs , sung in Sims language . `` yoesh '' `` un shack boney `` My biggest complaint with this game is that there is a couple ` Bugs ' in the program . Once I unlocked the second location my group meals disappear 80 percent of the time . I keep it on the screen to watch it and it still disappears . I do n't know if it supposed to be a ghost stealing the food ? But its soooo annoying . I want my cooking to be appreciated by my guests.Preparing meals is greatly enhanced in this version . The better frigerators have more food options and you can buy plants to grow fruit and vegetables and you can now fish for dinner in the fish tank . Sometimes characters throw up and/or go running for the toilet . It 's funny to see them do the pee pee walk.So , far I 've restarted the game 3 times , when the story line locked me in , supposedly you can get divorced , but I have n't managed to make it happen . I had a 100pt relationship with Torin , but then I was supposed to make him my arch enemy . I like Torin!It takes much longer to build up skills . So , I started over to max out all my skills before getting a job.Missing from this version
 Mark my words
 I came on here before after I bought the Sims 2 and read some of these reviews . Most of them are on the negative side of the fence , and I fail to understand why people just do n't appreciate this video game more . Sure , I 've read the complaints , but they are nit-picky and shallow . What makes a game a good game , is the actual content and fun factor . STOP COMPARING GAMES TO OTHER GAMES ! When someone rates a game , you are not supposed to strictly compare it to the PC version ... do not base your reviews on the PC version . Base your review on the GAME ITSELF . That is the point of this whole thing.I really enjoyed this game . It was the first Sims game that I really got involved with , and since Christmas of last year I have been a die-hard Sims fan . Not only is the game easy where it should be easy , but it is challenging where it should be challenging . You get to work to acheive your character 's goals and aspirations , so that you can keep moving up the food chain . What really makes this game good is the first-person controlling ! Other Sims games , as far as I know , do n't have this to the extent that Sims 2 on PS2 does . I am very proud of Maxis for releasing this control -- it is what makes the game exciting . You really become your character instead of just controlling him/her . There are many options to choose from when socializing . Want to do a funny trick ? Insult the person ? Tell them you love them ? You can do all of those things AND more.Sure , the game has its flaws . Every game has flaws . But the PROS of this game greatly out-weigh any CONS . The graphics could have been a little better , and there should have been more options in the department of building onto houses . But overall , I think this game is worth every penny . It is addictive . You will keep playing ... and playing ... and playing . And that 's what games are all about .
 I 'm agreeing with Linda who previously wrote in . It 's interesting to see - I have Sims2 for PC and Playstation , and I liked the PC one better too , however , with that said , and if you approch this as a completely seperate game it 's fun . It 's a strange this going on at Maxis , Gameboy , PC , and Playstation each have a totally and I mean totally different game by the same title - Sims bustin out , Sims2 , etc. . Very odd . I did n't expect that either . The only way to play these is to realize none of them are the same at all . I liked the PC version more too , but this one is enjoyable to me as well , but not the same game at all . Same deal with the Gameboys , all Sim games totally different . Interesting choice on the maker part . But , hey Maxis , keep em coming , I like all of them , but it takes some getting used to for sure ... also I had to find a walkthru on yahoo . I wish they sold the book , because on this one for playstation there is a `` correct '' way to do things .
 I thought this game was great compared to the first sim console game , I was playing the free play mode there , that is , when I was assuming that it was wonderful , why did maxis take away the mother and knack of moving in with your `` friend '' other than `` living with roommates '' is this a down house or what ? I want the mom back!There is not much in the create-a-sim opition , you can make the eyes more arched , the nose more longer and shorter and wider , you can make the lips thicker , and you can change the jaw size , oh , give me a break ! That is n't what I expected , I was expecting the whole sims 2 package , like the sims gave the whole sims package other than remaking a horrible game!Maxis , next time , take a hint and look at what your fans actually like in the sims !
 The Sims 2 is a great game . There is so much to do it will take a while to be able to beat it . Even when you do beat it theres more to do . Hours of fun .
 I have always been a big fan of sims in general . I ordered this Play Station Version of sims there were some things that I liked and some that I did not like . I really like the ease of play and I really enjoyed the feature I have not seen in any other sim . That is that you can take different ingredients and make different food dishes . One thing I did not like about it though is that you can only save one game progress at a time and I need changes from time to time !
 it is exactly what was described would gladly buy it again if I needed it , am very happy with it
 Honestly I think this is the best sims that they created for Playstation 2 . The graphics are still good as usual . . and there are tons of new items and social options . If you love the other sim 's then you will love this one .
 I?m back ! And not understanding the situation here ! All the recent reviews are like
 This game is great but entering cheats was too hard but I 've gotten to the last house so I guess I didnt need them afterall .
 a very good game until i finally finish decorating my house and the robbers come in and steal some of my furniture . very dissapointing
 I have not played the Sims 2 on PC , but I have the original Sims on PC as well as several expansion packs and was totally hooked on it for a long time . When I found out there was a Sims 2 , I went out and bought a PS2 -LRB- because my computer is old and totally slow -RRB- so that I could try it . There are some good points to the new 3D edition and some bad points . I could make a long list but I 'll only mention a few .
 I WANT THIS GAME FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT MY HUSBAND WO N'T LET HER GET IT !! I Ca n't buy it for her becuz he will get mad :-LRB- Help please !!
 i really wish that companies like xbox/microsoft would buy all of the old games that we grew up on seeing that most of the games graphics sucked ballz back then and look what they can do now . . trevor mcfur is a very killer game i 'm gon na buy the atari jaguar just so i can play trevor mcfur again , i use to love that game and i ca n't wait to play it again . . yours truely robert muerto187
 MY HUSBAND LOVES THIS ! HE WAS SO HAPPY TO FINALLY FIND IT!HE HAS BEEN PLAYING IT NON STOP , WHEN HES NOT SWITCHING BETWEEN ALL THE REST OF THEM HAHAHA
 This is simply a rare system . It never lasted and has real camp value . The controls were something else too.The they even made a Jaguar CD . On this system there is n't really many games , and further more the `` 64 bit '' system was only a little more powerful then the SNES . If you plan on playing a old system and want the best of the early mid 90s look at 3DO . It was as powerful as PS one , and came out two years earlier . It was a head of its time , this was behind.The games I can mention are Arati Karts -LRB- not bad at all -RRB- Kasumi Ninja -LRB- ah -RRB- and Primal Rage for Jag CD . -LRB- 3DO ,32 x , PSone are better ports -RRB- This system really is for camp value only .
 Graphics
 Fans of classic adventure games as well as newcomers to the genre can enjoy The Longest Journey . It takes the time needed to build up the main character and the storyline , providing small clues along the way to what is really going on , allowing the player to become immersed without becoming bored or too frustrated by lack of rewards.If you already played this game and enjoyed it , I also recommend Still Life and Syberia I and II . I have n't had a chance to play the sequel , Dreamfall , yet , but I definitely intend to .
 Wow ! How come I 've never heard of this game before ? A puzzle based RPG that requires some very advanced thinking . Fantastic story that could easily be adapted to a movie . One or two of the puzzles require more luck and persistance than skill to solve and can therefore be a bit frustrating.The Longest Journey
 The Longest Journey , is probably one of the best adventure game 's of all time . It 's rich plot , and detail , dives your right into the life of April Ryan . This game is one of the most amazing , I 've ever played . Plus , the adventure seems like it goes on forever , because of all the many twists and turns.This game really is fantastic .
 I have played adventure games before , such as Final Fantasy X and both Syberia 1 & 2 . A good adventure game is hard to find , i know that I have n't had much success searching the last few years . But I was pleasently surprised when I came across the longest journey.The strongest point of the Longest Journey was the storyline and voice actors . Splendid . It was such a pleasure to have these characters come alive with believable voices and emotions . I became very attached to some of the characters in the game , and it made me so much more absorbed in the overall experience.Second would have to be the flow of the story . I was very pleased with how they explained each event in detail . The protagonist April Ryan had a diary with her through the course of the story . At times where I was stuck or just did n't exactly understand what had just happened in the plot , the diary was very helpful . It had a very original style of writing and gave away no spoilers later on in the story while explaining thoroughly enough to get the point across . Kept me up to date with all the details.It was a very emotional game that displayed great effort . Everything in the game was done so particularly and to perfection , no blank moments . The game plays out just like a great movie or breathtaking fantasy novel , coming alive right before my eyes.I was bit worried that the graphics of the game would distract me , what with all the progress graphics have made over the course of time . But there are no problems , they are actually quite good . Sure the faces are not as detailed as some other games , but the movement and gestures the characters make are all realistic , and the scenary is lovely.As far as violence goes , it is very minimal . There is no blood or combat , no `` game overs '' . It is purely strategy and puzzle solving . The only scenes involving violence are not strong enough to perturb the player from the game . Though if absolutely zero violence is something you particularly like , then perhaps Syberia would be a better choice.Language is okay . F-bombs are dropped and cursing is pretty much constant , but I did not find it disturbing . Language was used in a way that only made the game feel more natural and real for the targeted age group , nothing excessive . And sexual humor also plays a role , but no nudity or scenes of sensuality.This game is rated Mature , but in my opinion it could be rated Teen . It is only the language that is unsuitable , otherwise the game is appropriate . The Mature rating made me uneasy at first , but it really is no trouble at all.If your an adventure game lover , this game is perfect for you . Exciting , real , and emotional . It 'll grab you instantly , and you 'll be a fan for the rest of your days .
 I am typically an online multiperson game player , but this was recommended to me.This game is set in a beautiful world -LRB- s -RRB- and the graphics are awesome for the year the game came out.Once I started playing , I had a hard time walking away.I 'm not used to linear plot development . For example , I would come up with an idea to use something and it would n't work , but 2 steps later , my idea was used . That was a bit frustrating for me , but I imagine this is true for all games like this.Also , she is the slowest walker i 've ever seen.Can ' t wait to try Dreamfall
 Listen up , if you are going to buy this game , be sure the ESCAPE key is working on your keyboard . The ESCAPE key allows you to fast forward through the endless conversation , and to fast forward when you run . Every time you interact with another character -LRB- which is all you do in this game -RRB- you will go through PAGES -LRB- literally pages -RRB- of conversation . It 's unbearable . Talk , Talk , Talk . I think this game was designed for Ragnar 's teenage daughter or something . It 's like a sci-fi romance novel about a young girl and her trials with facing the world.There 's a lot of foul language , which did n't bother me too much but just be warned , lots of F-bombs and references to sex . Graphics were ok for being so outdated . Altough I could never actually see any of the character 's faces , include April 's , becuase they were just pixels , which was annoying . the one thing i liked about this game was the voice acting , real professional . I 'm a puzzle guy myself , so this inventory-based gameplay did n't appeal to me at all . It 's a pixel-hunting nightmare , but maybe you like that sort of thing . Overall I had some technical problems with the game , it did crash a few times so i had to save constantly , but no big deal . I just would rather play a puzzle-oriented game , but i 'm not gon na take away from what Ragnar has created here . It was a very well thought out unique story . I did n't like the dvd version because i had to leave the disc in the player .
 Everything good has already been said , I can only ` agree ' with all thosethat really liked the game.Truth is a freind bought this when it first came out . Stranger is that weboth went after shooters . Needless to say he booted it up , I spent a whole5 minutes watching it & right then I found something that took me a bitaway from those FPS 's without kicking , biting and fighting.It was an immersive type thing & it just clicked . Anyhow , you wonder whyall these many years later I have the game -LRB- again -RRB- . The price . What asteal . Many games go that $ 5 to $ 10 repack route . And it seems a greatmany of those come with new glitches with the newer OS 's . This is not one of those glitchy items . A plus in itself , but the story , it 's theme , it 's just nice , imaginative and immersive ...
 This is one of the few games I have played that leaves me remembering moments as if they had actually occurred in my own life . Part of remembering is learning in the type of manner where I can relate to the story and relate the story to other elements of life and lessons . This is a novel brought into the genre of interactive video games . The story , the characters , the dialog and humor , the imagery , the engaging narrative . I finished the game and was ready to play again . It is always a pleasure to find a game that truly maximizes the capabilities of a genre . Too often the industry cookie-cuts a money making formula while focusing on graphics , resulting in static , limited selection with uninspired creativity . The Longest Journey belongs to the action-adventure genre of video games that was pioneered by Sierra in the 1980s and declined to near non-existence these days.Technical notes
 I 've read so many good reviews about this game.But I like Dreamfall better this one was to short .
 This game is intriguing but there are drawbacks with The Longest Journey as strategy guides or pc code books are not easy to find for this particular version and the game has minor glitches and the game will shutdown . But all in all the game is fun and some of the characters are funny when they speak . I would of rated it five stars but because I am not having an easy time of finding a game strategy guide I had to lower my rating
 This could be the greatest adventure game of all time . I picked this one up after finishing Dreamfall . The voice acting is the best I 've ever heard and the story line was great . April Ryan has to be one of the best game characters ever made . It 's not because she is special , it 's because she is so perfectly ordinary . The graphics are old and hard on the eyes but 7 years will do that . This game has very little action in it so stay away if that 's what you want . I did enjoy Dreamfall a bit more but that 's mostly because it was newer . Make sure you get the game patch from the official website and do n't forget to check the voice outtakes after you finish the game . They are really funny . I hope a 3rd one comes out soon . They really left us hanging in Dreamfall.My All time favorite PC games : Battlefield 1942Baldurs Gate 2Dreamfall
 The first time I got it I thought the disc was blank . After sending it back to Amazon -LRB- Rec 'd very quick refund -RRB- , I realized that the reason it appeared to be blank was because it was a dvd game -LRB- I did not see this in the product description -RRB- . Therefore , I ordered another one -LRB- from somewhere else just to be safe -RRB- , along with a dvd drive for my computer and whala , game works fine , not a problem one , very fun and adventurous , with great puzzles that are not too hard -LRB- plenty of helps online if you need them -RRB- and April can never die -LRB- great feature -RRB- . Still save your game ofen in case you do n't get everything you need and ca n't get back to a previous screen -LRB- s -RRB- .
 This game is quite old now , 7 years I think , so it 's a bit dated . There 's a sequal to this gameDreamfall
 I could barely pry myself from my computer at night . I passed the game on to my father and now he is stricken with the same lack of sleep . This game is challenging , fun , entertaining , and beautiful . I can not wait to play the sequel .
 I love the old Lucasarts gsmes , and especialy King 's Quest , which I grew up with . It seems to be hard to find really good adventure games these days , but The Longest Journey is on of them ! You play a girl named April , who is in art school , and get pulled into another world . The storyline is great , the puzzles challenging but not too hard -LRB- although I did have to look up a few hints -RRB- and the graphics are amazing . I ca n't wait to play the sequel.I highly recommend this game.If anyone knows any other games like it will you please email me at mmo85@comcast.net? I know it 's a pain but but I would greatly appreciate it !
 searching for a new game and i came across this one , i just had to comment!I LOVED THIS GAME !!! buy this one before any other !!
 a game above all else of its genre , man what can I say other than the developers are complete idiots for not releasing a third one after `` Dream Fall '' -LRB- its the sequel to this game -RRB- to tell us more of this wonderful and enchanting story.LOVE IT , you have to play it trust me you wont regret it.Amazing characters -LRB- you got ta love crow ! -RRB- beautiful Story , funny dialog , and when the game is over you feel like you cant get it out of your head for months after.a true must for anyone who appreciates , witty dialog mixed in in one of the best stories told in game so far , the game play is amazing . only down side is the fact the graphics are a bit old -LRB- think PS1 kinda old -RRB- but hey it did n't take one bit out of it for me . I am still dazzled by the game till this day and I played it a year ago . -LRB- N BTW you can play it on vista do n't worry , search online for a patch u will find it -RRB-
 I got this game nearly by accident since I needed to finish off a gift card and unknowingly stumbled onto a gem . You will either love this game or hate it . Personally I loved it.Premise
 The story line seems solid and gripping . The script is fairly original and serious thought has been put into developing it . Actors do a fantastic job of vocal delivery.Simply put , this is one of the finest games that I have played in recent times.On the other side , the graphics is fairly poor . Its a 2D point and click game where all the background is pre-rendered . Some of the puzzles are simply insane and there is no way a sensible man can figure it out . If we can use a walkthrough for these puzzles and solve the rest on our own , its fairly entertaining .
 OK , I see how a lot of people are rating this game . Let me first say , I just finished it today , so it 's fresh on my mind.Let 's get the reason I took a star off first . I ran the game with Windows XP , which according to everyone else and the game site , is prone to crashing . That 's an understatement . At times , I had to exit every other program I was running and sign off of any internet activity to run the game . But it was a simple annoyance and had it 's pros , such as turning me into an obsessive saver so as not to have to do too many things over againAlso , I did n't like how long things took . The only way to get around in any time was by running . Then there was the long times it took for the cut scenes with other characters walking around to end . Like in the library and it took ages to read all of the books . But this again , was a simple annoyance and did not deter me.Now for all of the good . First off , for being made in 2000 , this was great graphically . I have some games that were made after this one that had worse graphics so I am definitely not complaining . However , April was definitely not an attractive character , some looked much better up close . Also , I loved the actors ' voices and their emotion throughout the story . However , at some points it got difficult to hear , but then again , that 's what subtitles are for!The story was just plain amazing . I love to play through a game with puzzles that has a good story line . What 's the point otherwise ? This one kept you in wonder , made you think , and was emotional . Actually , this is probably one of the best story lines I 've played.And last but not least , the controls were simple and intuitive . It took me only about 10 seconds of complete not knowing before I figured out what to do . It was very simple to learn the basic controls and that is so helpful , especially when the puzzles can be difficult without having to worry about difficult controls.Overall , I say , get this game . However , it 's not for everyone . It is very vulgar in language at times . It also has very little violence , if that 's what you want to see . And it can also be very slow going at times . But if you are one who loves to run around and solve puzzles , then this is the game for you . I also think that if you enjoyed playing the Myst games , but longed for more human or otherwise interaction , this is definitely the game for you .
 I like Nancy Drew series type of role-playing , work-at-your-own-pace games , that do n't involve constant clicking , scrolling and fighting or gun-shooting . I like thinking games with puzzles and a bit-more degree of ease -LRB- than I found when I tried to play Myst , for example . Although I loved Myst it was far more difficult to play at the end of a long work day when my brain was weary . -RRB- This game was a great fit all around!I bought this game looking for something with better -LRB- higher-resolution -RRB- graphics , than the Nancy Drew games , and boy did I get my money 's worth . Not only does it look / play great , the game was easy to figure out with minimal direction . I never `` got lost '' even if I stopped and started the game again a week or more later . There is even a diary to look back at and re-trace your conversations and steps to help you out . There are not just a few rooms or locations that you revisit over and over , like in some games , but instead , there are a seemingly limitless number of locals you go to and investigate . Of course , you do go back to places you 've already been , but there are always some changes that revive it or new people to have conversation with.The plot and theme are light enough to understand and follow , yet deep enough to keep from being boring or predictable . With so many places the game takes you through , it was like being in a whole new world with seemingly limitless places to go!Beware those who want a game they can easily walk away easily from . I would have so much fun , 3 hours may have went by before I noticed . This game requires light concentration in some areas and some stronger reasoning and problem-solving skills in other parts . You might be forced to possibly re-walk your steps to see if you missed something -LRB- clues are n't always obvious -RRB- or get a better look at your `` inventory '' to see how you can use or it even combine items to make something all new to help you out of situations.I liked this game so much , I ran out and bought the sequel the day after I finished it . That one was even better ! I am itching for a 3rd version to come out , but I am not sure if one is in the works or not . I may need to get `` Siberia '' or something like that to hold me over in the meantime . I hear it is somewhat similar .
 I bought this game because I played the sequel `` Dreamfall
 And a long journey it was . Good game , great story . This is a third person game so you may get annoyed with the pointing and clicking if you 're not used to it . Other then that , this game is a must have .
 I played this game for the first time 8 or 9 years ago and was blown away . This is the ultimate adventure game , in my opinion . The plot is so intricate and the world is so fully realized . I have replayed this game so many times , I 've lost count . I 'm amazed that this is still available . If you enjoy interactive plots with amazing characters , this is your game .
 This game is part one to The Longest Journey , Dreamfall . When I bought dreamfall , I had n't realized there was a part one ... which is always happening to me ... LOL ... Part two have more detailed graphics , but I part one has some beautiful scenes . To get the whole story , playing part one should be played . You get to see the some people and places as they were first introduced.Part two has a better playing mode . Both part one and two are made to play in the third person , but in part two you get to be more apart of the game.I love this series , and ca n't wait for part three ...
 Atlantis Search For the Journal is a fun and slightly challenging game that has a multiplayer game , but sadly the multiplayer where you can find a friend has seemed to be down for years , but you can still use the LAN mode to challenge your family or friends . It has cool 3D effects and is challenging enough to keep it interesting .
 I have played this pinball game for years and gave my disk to a family member so I had to buy a new disk.This is the best pinball game that I have played . The graphics are good and the games within the game are good . You always have another challenge to go to .
 This game is the best thing ever ! Its fun and very addicting ! I could play it for hours on end . I would suggest it as a gift for kid or adult !
 First off , this game definitely runs on XP .3 DUPT has superb pinball physics , looks even better on widescreen displays , has a wide range of shots and screens , and good 3-ball multiball.I 've played this game for several hundred hours . I will play one game for days at a time . You can pause the game , remove the CD , minimize the icon and use the computer for other things , which is great.Highly configurable . Note that the score wraps around 4.3 B points . Another scoring bug is the bonus multiplier that only goes up to 1024 times , no idea if it increases beyond that or maxes out at that . Also , when your bonus score exceeds 4.3 B it will show '' % 1 '' for your bonus , but I believe it does add it correctly.If you like pinball and want a good version for the PC , this specific pin is the very best IMHO.BTW , my best time -LRB- although time and score can be meaningless if you `` milk '' the game -- shoot the same shot repeatedly -RRB- for one non-milked ball -LRB- not counting any extra balls earned -RRB- is 5 hours , achieved several times . In my best one ball `` game '' my total bonus was 8.9 billion , bonus multiplier was 915 times , the jackpot was increased to 22.7 M , and I earned 141 Thrill Points , 58 Brass Rings , 152 Ride Photos and 5 Lights Out -LRB- the maximum possible before the creatures come out of the snack shop and effectively end the ball -RRB- . Note that milking the jackpot shots would not increase bonus multiplier , jackpot size , TP , BR , RP or LO anyway .
 one of the best pinball games available But buyer beware if you buy it used there are only so many times it can be loaded I brought 2 before i realized that . It is fast pace , several levels a lot of fun . Buy it new avoid the problems ...
 Pinball simulations are pretty common nowadays , but back in 1995 , whereas there were few , 3D Ultra Pinball was the game that remained golden in the Windows 95 market . Some years later , Thrillride makes the series 's reputation even better.Unlike the other games , you only get to play one table , but that one table is extremely fun and there are multiple activities to do , like the Thrill Zone , a bonus area for smacking the ball against roller coasters , and the Fun Zone , where you hit a kissing tower and make it go up as high as possible.The graphics are amazing . The game looks and plays like real pinball . I also love the music . It is very catchy and fits well with the fast-paced and lighthearted action that 's going on in-game . The voice clips may be cheesy , but everything else makes up for it.Things get extremely intense with the multiball -LRB- Of course -RRB- , where you have to keep an eye on every onscreen ball as they fly off everywhere!But overall , this is a must-have for pinball fans . Do n't miss out on it .
 I luv Pinball Games . This 1 is fun , but not my favorite . Everyone has a different opinion on computer games , so you may luv it . Great graphics !
 I highly recommended this system.I 've owned this 3D shutter glasses system for several years now . It has worked great . Since then I have used lots of other 3D hardware . Some of the HMDs available are pretty good , but cost a ton of money . Most of the other similar 3D shutter glasses systems work well too but cost more . I do n't recommend using those old fashioned red and blue anaglyph glasses ; they cause loss of true color and tend to cause eye strain . If you want true color eye popping 3D effects at a low cost , this is the only 3D shutter glasses system you should buy for your PC.For a truly amazing 3D experience , try riding one of the roller coaster rides in the Rollercoaster Tycoon game -LRB- not included in this system -RRB- using this 3D system connected to an InFocus X1A , X1 , X2 , or X3 DLP projector with a 10 foot screen . There is a little bit of blue ghosting , but on a 10 foot screen the 3D experience is beyond belief ! REALLY FUN ! WOW!The only disadvantage I found to this system was that it requires an nVidia graphics card if you want to play games in 3D . For years I only had an ATI graphics card so I could not play games with the system . This did not matter to me because I bought the 3D system to view 3D photos using the JPSViewer software package -LRB- not included in this system -RRB- which works on any graphics card with this 3D system . After a few years I bought an nVidia based graphics card and was able to play all my games in 3D . For a good 3D experience you need a good CRT monitor with a refresh rate of at least 100 Hz , some people recommend 120 Hz . This is NOT the default in Windows ; you need to set this refresh rate yourself . If the refresh rate is too low the screen will flicker and cause eye strain . For the best 3D experience I recommend one of the Infocus projectors I mentioned above . With these , a refresh rate of 85 Hz seems to work really good . If you do n't know how to change the refresh rate of your monitor , ask someone to help you . The other thing you need for a good experience is to properly adjust the 3D effect . If the 3D effect is turned up very high to an unnatural level , your eyes will not be able to view it properly and this will lead to eye strain . I learned this after a few minutes of using the system . Once I had the system properly adjusted I was able to use the system nonstop without making my eyes tired.Some people with very weak eyes may find 3D content difficult on the eyes . Some eye specialists actually recommend these types of 3D systems for improving weak eyes . I can view 3D content 24/7 without it making my eyes the least bit tired . I have never experienced any eye fatigue whatsoever on a properly adjusted system . If the system is properly adjusted you will have a very positive immersive 3D experience . The other reviewers who complain about the system making their eyes tired either have extremely weak eyes or do not have the system properly adjusted .
 Relatively easy to set up and use , it works with MOST of the 3D games I have . Sometimes they are difficult to use -LRB- because part of the GUI in the game is too far in front of everything else -RRB- , but there are settings to make this more managable.Using the latest drivers -LRB- the drivers themselves are actually normal NVidia card drivers along with the NVidia Stereo drivers -RRB- , some games would n't run on my system without blue-screening it -LRB- like Quake III and Everquest -RRB- , but I chalk this up to my system not liking the latest NVidia Stereo drivers .3 D depth is beautiful on some games -LRB- Asheron 's Call 2
 This game is the best N64 game in the world . I really like the costumes that Gex wears , the best one is disco gex . -LSB- Boogie -RSB-
 It funny and great to play . Help gex to save the world again . But new level 's that you have not gone to . I did and I love it . Every 25 second 's he say 's something funny . Each level he can wear suit 's like a outfit or something like that . what he wear is so , , cute.He always say something crazy and so on . Hey buy this game trush me your face will turn red you know why !!! Each level is very colorful so you can see better and so on.In the game when you are about to start the level do n't touch the button 's or anything ok he may say something funny and listen very well.This game is no other game that I playden before it 's better well , almost . I wish they added more level 's to the game so it will be more fun do n't you think ???? Thank you for reading this what do you think about it ????
 arrived quickly and in good physical condition with no instruction booklet . clean and not scratched . was hoping for a instruction booklet .
 this is a awesome game . you star as a gecko trying to save tv from the evil rez . the levels are -LRB- cartoon scream titantic ninja cyber dinosaur space and the final rez 's home -RRB- which are the types . the boss 's are gilligans island mooshoo pork mecharez vs. gexzilla and finally rez . think of super mario except with a lizard . this is a fun game i think anyone would like this.-consview camerastupid comments-prossemi good plotgood graphicsyou can buy it for ALMOST any system including pc . hey , pick up its sequels.have fun
 this lizard you are has a filthy mouth.he says a lot of sexual innuendos.he goes through a lot of really cool boards like haunted houses , old cartoons , old chop chop movies and loads more!hes very funny and has cool moves.if there was a award for best use of a tongue in a video game , hed win hands down.hed every nomination and trophy.he rules !
 this game is worth it , so much content and make sure you have a memory pak because the passwords are massive .
 This game is quite entertaining . It is hours of fun for everyone.I highly rccomend this game to anyone . Thank you .
 Bought for my sister as a gift . We used to play it all the time as kids . Had a lot of fun with it . Thanks again !
 Since I am an avid movie buff , I picked up on a lot of the level puns and sayings that Gex spouts out throughout the game . The colors can be a bit harsh , But then again , This game was made as one of the first few 3-D platformers . Theres a few glitches , lame boss battles and it dose n't have much replay value , but it 's worth a few hours of gaming . ** NOTE ** If you do but this game , Go with the actual save option . The passcode is far too long and sometimes it dose n't work .
 This a great game ! This game has out of this world graphics , good music and this game is not too easy or too hard it ` s just right . Go get this game now or you miss out on all the fun !!!
 Just bought this game today and checked it out . First let me say that the game is on a more serious level than Hot Shots Golf . I personally think HSG is more fun simply because its easier and just as challenging at Tiger Woods . But Tiger golf has a feel for it making it feel like real golf . The game has over a dozen courses , including 9 real life courses such as Tahoe 's Edgewood and Monterey 's Pebble Beach.The graphics are good but not great . The load times are less than 10 seconds -LRB- original was about a minute ! -RRB- . The putting is newish and better than last version . Its more closely like HSG.Anyway , highly recommended but buy used as this price is high but all of Electronic Arts Games are expensive .
 This game did fill the void in my heart that could only be filled by a good golf game . However , there is a point where it becomes non-challenging , and it 's when you start winning tournaments and events that bring in millions of dollars . Your money buys you skill points , and eventually you 'll be just an out-of-this-world golfer , able to drive the ball 450 yards , and nailing approach shots due to the spin features . I 've shot 53 on a course , on 18 holes ! But , if you need something to fill that void for at least a few weeks -LRB- depending on how much you play obviously -RRB- , then this is the golf game to get .
 TG PGA tour 06 is alot beter than the first TW psp game . It loads alot faster , which is big difference in playing so you dont get bored . There are more ways to earn money , and you 'll need every bit of it for upgrades . The new putting is hard to get use to but it works well . The only problem I have with the game is when your on the frindge of the green , you ca n't chip which is a bummer when your 60ft away . all-n-all its a 9.5 0ut of 10 .
 I purchased this game hoping that I would get back into the habit of playing my psp more . I am very happy with it , as this game is very good . The graphics could have been better , as i 've seen nicer pictures on other games . However , they were average for the most part . Although I personally have n't played the original Tiger Woods for PSP , many people have complained about the load times on that . I have to say , the load times on this are at a minimum ! It 's great ! Also , an interesting feature of this game is that there is a party mode where you can pass the PSP around and play a game . This is fun , especially if you are n't used to multiplayer on PSP -LRB- example
 For an old game its fun to play on real courses getting to the top and beating Tiger woods . I would recommend it if you have n't played this yet .
 I just bought this game for me , and I really like it , it make me think a lot about my real golf profile , Iam and will allways be an amateur golf player and think this is a good metodology to review my style , swing , clubs choice and more .
 It 's a lot of fun . Great graphics , easy to play . There are n't as many options as ' 05 .
 This game is surprisingly fun to play because the variety of cars and the strage places the tracks take place in . The tracks range anywhere from a desert , to a roller-coaster , and even to a mall ! BUT -LRB- and I mean a BIG but -RRB- there is one annoying thing that will take a while to get used too ! The driving control ! It feels like you are driving with your back wheels ! At first I did n't think I would like this game because of that but after a while you really get used to it and start to enjoy the game . It even has some awesome cars like a muscle cars , sports cars , trucks , and even the occasional golf-cart ! If you are a fan of simulation/sim games stay a long ways away from this game but if you are a fan of fast paced arcade games this is definitly for you !
 This game is pretty good . If you are on a road trip in the car I would highly reccomend this game . The only thing that ... me up is that after every season game you have to write down a password . I keep losing my passwords ! The graphics are O.K. , but every player looks exactly alike ; a skinny black player that looks almost dead . One more ... is the player advantages . Sammy Sosa may hit no better than someone like Otis Nixon , you see what I mean ? Overall , this game is so and so .
 All-Star Baseball 2000 for GBC reminds me of the old-school baseball games from the days of the NES , but it is generally good . Two annoying things with this game
 This game is a pretty good baseball game , but it should have more features . Some of these features are trades , average and stat calculation , better graphics , etc. . If you just like a simple baseball game , then this game is for you .
 This game is fantastic , even for a Brit like me who has to suffer through lack of Basbeall in his own country.This game is smooth and quick -LRB- unlike Triple Play 2001 -RRB- , the grahics are great , the game is easy to pick up as the controls are easily explained and it is addictive.But there 's even more ... Home Run Derby -LRB- TM -RRB- ! The Home Run Derby in this game is a lot better to the smaller , inferior version on Triple Play 2001 . You can even play a Season in All-Star Baseball 2000 ! In fact , the only advantage Triple Play 2001 has over this game is that you can select the no . of innings in an exhibiton game , but then again , there is a way to shorten a game in All-Star Baseball ... You turn the Gameboy off!Please buy this game !
 This is a great gameboy color game . It is alot of fun and you get so addicted you can play for hours . Pretty good graphics and has all the new players .
 This game rocks graphics are awesome if you have n't tried it you have to it 's easy to play to so try it it 's awesome .
 This Game is FUN ! My sister hates it , but she is stupid ! I love home run durby you will love the whole game .
 this game is amazing for its time . but i do think it has only three levels . ALL ASPECTS OF THE GAME ARE AMAZING .
 Chopper attack is a great game . The only thing wrong with it is the controls wich are a little awkward but you easily get used to them . This is a great game and I highly recommend it
 I rented this game with my friend and we played it the whole time he was over . Well about a year after that I decided to buy it . The thing I like best about the game is the Stunt level . But after having it for quite awhile it gets pretty boring . The racing part against the computers is really hard , sometimes I ca n't even get to third place . If you liked San Fransico Rush you 'll love this game .
 This is one awesome racing game . It has fun riding , cool courses , a stunt track , and huge jumps . This is the coolest racing game ever !
 Just a really old game that was once good and now is worth a few laughs .
 This game is the best -LRB- except for rush 2049 -RRB- . Even if it says the graphics are bad , they really are n't . And even if they were it would matter because the game is soooooo fun ! After your done racing the tracks there is more things to do , like stunt mode , were you can do cool tricks and earn points . There 's a track called crash with hills everywhere and other neat things . There 's even a halfpipe track . You can get a bunch of codes which make it even more fun . I woould suggest this game to anyone who wants to have fun .
 Do n't listen to the cons up there , this game has great graphics , long levels , tons of secrets , and great background music . And if you do n't want to race , you can play the totally exellent stunt level !
 22 Cars -LRB- including 6 to get from keys , Mountian Dew , and circuits -RRB- , and better graphics . ! Warrning ! Bad tracks compared to rush . HEY !!!!! Where 's the music that i like ?
 In the stage where you do stunts there were a lot of cliches .
 Take Rush 1 and add an awesome multiplayer mode , better graphics and better control and you get Rush 2 . More tracks , more cars , more fun ! If you 'd at liked Rush , you 'll love this .
 Rush 2 is extremely fun with a wide variety of levels and cars . It has great graphics for its time and allows you to go backward in the levels-a trait which other video games of its generation do not possess . It also has a very fun stunt level where you build up points for the tricks you do . Cars range from limos to concepts and hatchbacks to corvettes . Also , the level that it allows you to specify your car at is amazing . It lets you change color of the cars in a two-tone style and even lets you decide which engine suits you best . Engines in cars ranges from dinky motor - scooter sounding lego motors to formula and V8 powerplants . Speed varies and a handy `` cruise control '' feature allows you to propel the car without pressing the `` A '' button . Instead you can just move the car with the control stick.As far as glitches and cheats are concerned-there are n't many . The game rarely freezes or goes bolistic like I 'm sure all gamers have seen before . Overall I think it 's a great time and a riot to play . Thanks to Midway for making another great game .
 I liked this game so much when I rented it I was sad to return it.This game has fun courses that have many shortcuts and jumps , and keys to find that give you more cars to pick.The course I enjoy the most is the stunt course.I got up to my top speed of my car on the course and ramped of the biggest ramp near the egde of the course and I got so high I went over the top of the wall and all of a the screen went blank and I could see my car and it was doing flips and it was going crazy , but it was giving me points , then I landed and I was driving but going no where.I kept on driving for a while and then just turned the game off.I think that was a glitch in the game.The game has good graphics and cool codes to punch in -LRB- like one of the codes makes your cars start on fire and you can still drive -RRB- . This game is a Awsome race game to get.The courses shorts cut are very unique , like going down into a subway and and driving on the tracks -LRB- only downer about that is on some tracks subways come by and hit you -RRB- . Awsome game to get !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 For Christmas of 1997 , I received a Nintendo 64 and one game , Rush 2 . I played it every day , never getting tired of it . I realize now that it is the best game I own . I still play it hours and hours . The graphics are AWESOME and the control is wonderful . There is a two-player mode , so you can play with a freind . There is n't , however , a 3 or 4-player mode . There are about 12 cars to choose from , and you can earn 4 different cars . I have played Rush , and it STINKS ! Anyone who has the money should not even think about not buying it . Buy it today !
 Okay - This game is by far the best racing game out there . We just played Cruisin World - and it stinks compared to Rush 2 . And what 's up with doggin the Stunt mode ? That 's the best part ! Hard day at work ? Fed up with traffic ? Get out that aggression by doing a 20 x 4 flip , turn , with a two wheel spin - and you 'll be feeling like a new person!And that guy must not know how to change the options of his car . If he 's sliding around a corner , change the tires to S1 D2 , man ! You can totally supe up your car to be a mega-machine ! You can change everything from your rims and durability , to the engine , color , and even racing stripes.Buy it ! Rent it ! Do whatever you can - just PLAY IT !
 I bought Rush 2 again because I lost the old copy I got when I was a kid . It is a pretty basic racing game , but it is one that I enjoy playing over and over again . The stunt course sets Rush 2 apart from other racing games for N64 .
 Great game from when I was a child and just as cool now . I highly recommend this game for racer fans or just someone that likes to drives cars off ramps in practice mode -LRB- which is what I do -RRB-
 Well , I ordered this item for someone else to get before Christmas . It arrived in excellent time in the condition described . It was n't brand spanking new , but it was good . It worked better than the one I owned , which required several tries in my N64 to work . The packaged arrived in 3 days , when I believe it said a minimum of 4 or so , so I was pretty happy and surprised when it did get here . Trusted , definitely .
 I was about 12 when this game came out . I could not stop playing the `` STUNT '' map . It 's addicting and entertaining . As time progressed I kept my N64 but lost track of the game . So one day I unplugged my Xbox360 and hooked up my N64 and decided to play some Smash Brothers . It was then when I remembered Rush . I bought it on Amazon and played it for hours . If you played this when you were a kid , this will take you back to better times . Times when you had no bills to pay ... Not a care in the world .
 Pretty much just like the first RUSH for N64 , but with different cars and race tracks , so it 's still really awesome
 Even a year after it 's release , Rush 2 stands alone as the best racing game out there . The depth of the tracks and precise control of the cars make for a game that you never get tired of playing . You can play a track four different ways . Forward , backward , mirror image and backward mirror image . This forces you to learn every track inside and out and there are shortcuts that can only be reached in one direction which adds to the fun . The ability to control every nuance of your cars handling makes for a challenging interface and the variety of available cars is awesome . Let 's not forget the stunt track . This is a special track that in multiplayer mode is fiercly addicting . Overall , this game is simply awesome .
 Rush two is a great improvment on the first rush . With the ability to adjust each of the 12 + cars color , handling , engine sound , and mags this game has it all . It also has a great sound track to go along with it 's well designed tracks . Two player action is great and the stunt course provides hours of fun . Of all the racing games for the 64 this has to be one of the better ones money well spent !
 Rush 2 has every thing . It is the standard by which all future racing games will be judged . It includes several modes including a new stunt mode which along with a long list of cheats can give hours upon hours of pure racing excitement . Lets not forget what this game is really about RACING and theres plenty of that too . With 9 levels and mirror and backwards modes it gives the option of 25 + levels of pure asphault excitement .
 It 's one of the best games I 've played in a while . The only problem is you have to set the car perfect or you can easily over steer . The selection of cars has grown with adding some and deleting some . I like how you can change the engine from a V6 to a V10 .
 This game is my favorite game for the N-64 . If you like fast cars and awesome tracks , then that alone makes it worth it to buy the game . The stunt track is one of the best ideas I have seen in a car racing game . Also , there are more shortcuts then you can count in all of the tracks . This game is completely awesome with a HUGE replay value . I ca n't wait for Rush 2049 to come out . It will be equally great .
 i started to play rush 2 at my friends house and we had compitions in the great stunt mode.Then i got the game . The game is awesome because the stunt mode is great , the graphics are cool , their is alot of area in each level that you race in and you can find secret places and shortcuts , and some places have huge ramps which could give you alot of air . When i race i like to crash into cars so one time when i was pushing a car into the wall the car went flying straight up into the air , also when i hit the back of a car really hard it went flying into the air and hit a building and when it landed it didnt blow up , if you hit the roof of the car then you will bounce off the roof of the car , you can also fly out of the level . I think the game is pretty good but their are some crazy things that could happen .
 This game is as fun as Goldeneye ! -LRB- although much different -RRB- Extremely good stunt track that totals up all your points from doing tricks . Good selection of cars . -LRB- Including the choice of colors , transmission , suspention , and such . -RRB- Good graphics , extremely fun and addictive .
 Throughout the games of Midway 's length , many of theirvideo games were straight from the arcades , whether it was Mortal Kombat , or NFL Blitz . Nevertheless it was very rare to have a video game to come straight from the shelves , that was n't from the arcades.That answer came through with the release of Rush 2 . The 1998 video game was made exclusively for the Nintendo 64 , and not upon any other console . Ironically , the prequel , San Fransisco Rush , was made on both the N64 , and the Playstation . The game features many exciting and enduring automobiles through the streets of some of the biggest cities in America , including New York City , Los Angeles , and Hawaii . The game also includes the infamous Alcatraz prison , a hidden course from the previous Rush . Many fans were shocked to know why the game was n't on any of the other consoles at the time . The sales for the Playstation version of Rush were just awful , and Midway chose to put this only on Nintendo 64 . While many people stopped purchasing Nintendo 64 games , Rush 2 remains as an absolute delight for any racer in the world . If you 're looking for a reved up time , Rush 2 is that game for you .
 this game kicks -LRB- ... -RRB- Buy it , rent it , just get it!the cars are really cool , the tracks are great.the one problem is that on the stunt track they do n't give you enough points such as one flip 1 point but if you do fifty flipsit will only give you 40 points but thats really all thats wrong.I love that your able to change what kind for tires you have so you can go faster and go around the corners with out slaming into a wall.I 've spent hours just racing around with this game so i always beat my brothers by far.i got this game a few years ago but i still play it . i really like cruise 'n the world but i have to say this one is better.so just get the game and have fun !
 I have this game and I think it 's the best game I have ! After you put in codes it 's fun but even without the codes it 's fun ! I love the graphics , the cars ... EVERYTHING ! I never get tired of this game its awesome ! This game is so awesome but when I play the 3rd Rush my opinon might change . Have fun !
 This is a great software package for anyone who enjoys classic board games like checkers and chess .
 This game is pretty fun . Even though it does get boring if you play for hours . But being different characters who destroy buildings is fun
 This game is truly lame!It 's basically a repeat every level !!! Destroy the city , eat some people , destroy a few cars.THE END!Next level.Play it multiplayer , not solo!And you ca n't even save without a memory card ! Who the heck can play that longwithout turning the N64 off.The only good character is Mucus -LRB- secret alien character -RRB- and his Alternitive Mucus -LRB- Cheat Mucuswith perfect stats -RRB- . Not worth your money!This has been a Jonathan warning .
 This game is better than Rampage , its better than Rampage 2 on playstation , its the best rampage game ever . It never gets boring , espessialy if you have 2 players , and you two can fight like cats and dogs , or work together . Buy this game
 One of the very few Nintendo 64 games that I have ACTUALLY mastered.Rampage 2 is a fun game to play.First , you get a choice between six -LRB- 6 -RRB- different destructive creatures to go from city to city to smash & destroy buildings , vehicles and consume people.You get the option of ` saving ' the game you 're playing right at every five games.Starts out in Denver and you go through what I would guess like about 100 cities in the US , UK , Europe , Asia and Australia before hitting Area 51 , the Moon and a couple dozen planets and asteroids.Note : the wolf moves the fastest while running through a city and the rhino seems to be the most ruthless.Also , if you hit the L button , the blue button and the Z button at the same time , you 'll see that each creature puts out their own special fifteen second source of damage.Only downside of this game is it MAY be to easy for some.Recommended .
 This game was much better than the orginal and if you liked the original you will love his game . Although the game will get boring if you play to long but its a game that doesnt require much skill and the concept is so simple -LRB- go around as a monster and destroy buildings -RRB- that it is perfect for people who want an arcade style game .
 This game is the best smashing , bashing and destroying game ever ! This is super easy , great graphics , fun bonus levels and cool monsters . I beat this game in only 3 hours ! But before you buy this game make sure you have a memory card.PS also this game has great controls . Thats all !
 I remember my friend and I playing rampage on the n64 -LRB- he has it -RRB- but then we went to rent a game and we rented rampage 2 . so we played it and noticed that there are different monsters now and you have to unlock the original 3 . We couldnt save the game -LRB- my guess was he didnt have a memory card for his n64 -RRB- and it was just like the first game but graphics were better and other stuff i dont remember -LRB- we played this like , 3 years ago -RRB- and i was the rat and he was the rhino . around level 20 we both got GAME OVER !? In the first rampage for the n64 , there was no game over -LRB- unless you7 quit -RRB- but hey , atleast this had bonus levels too . later i got rampage world tour -LRB- the first one -RRB- and played it with my friends and i beat it like twice . get the first one instead ... Then go for this one because the first will get boring over time .
 Rampage 2 is awesome . It 's more of the same from the orginal but moooore monsters . I was up all night with this game , plus theres a twist . . YOU HAVE TO SAVE THE MONSTERS FROM THE ORIGINAL IN ORDER TO EARN THEM ! Thats pretty friken awesome . The 3 new memebers of your team are a krab dude a ryno dude and rat name Kurtus I think . I do n't remember there names because I played this game awhile ago.There is also another monsters thats and extra for the game . I think the monsters name is Miyakis or something like that.WAY TO GO MIDWAY ! This was a great game.I hope they make another sequal in the future RAMPAGE 3 which takes place in iraq or something like that well that would be mean I guess if they do that ... ALL IM SAYING IS THEY SHOULD MAKE ANOTHER SEQUAL ! It 's bin to long.The sequal to the original is better if not just as good as the original.Over all this is an awesome game for any N64 player ... Rampage 2 rules!Later . .
 Rampage 2 is awesome . It 's more of the same from the orginal but moooore monsters . I was up all night with this game , plus theres a twist . . YOU HAVE TO SAVE THE MONSTERS FROM THE ORIGINAL IN ORDER TO EARN THEM ! Thats pretty friken awesome . The 3 new memebers of your team are a krab dude a ryno dude and rat name Kurtus I think . I do n't remember there names because I played this game awhile ago.There is also another monsters thats and extra for the game . I think the monsters name is Miyakis or something like that.WAY TO GO MIDWAY ! This was a great game.I hope they make another sequal in the future RAMPAGE 3 which takes place in iraq or something like that well that would be mean I guess if they do that ... ALL IM SAYING IS THEY SHOULD MAKE ANOTHER SEQUAL ! It 's bin to long.The sequal to the original is better if not just as good as the original.Over all this is an awesome game for any N64 player ... Rampage 2 rules!Later . .
 Rampage Universal Tour is a great game . Universal Tour introduces a story line similar to that of Rampage World Tour . The three original monsters , Lizzie , George , and Ralf , have been captured by Earth 's forces , George is being held captive in America , while Lizzie is in Aisa , and Ralf is in Europe . Now , it 's up to a new team of monsters , Certus , Boris , and Ruby , to save them , and also unravel the mystery of Aliens that have come to Earth , and the brother of Lizzie - Myukus . This game is all about destroying city after city all across the world , and the cool thing about this game is , that you can travel to different planets . Loving the original Rampage World Tour myself , I have nothing bad to say about Rampage Universal Tour . If you enjoyed Rampage , or Rampage World Tour , this is the game for you .
 This game is really cool to me.I love destoying buildings.You choose 1 of 4 monsters.Then you choose 1 of 3 countrys.Each country has captured 1 of the 3 origanal monsters from the first RAMPAGE.Then there are these aliens that come to earth.You have to destoy crazy buildings they have built.Then you pursue the aliens to space where you kill them on planets and moons.This game really does rock.The graphics and sound arent the best , but I dont care .
 this is a cool game it is good for people who like to play for hors at a time but is very good for people learning to use the computer i recomend using the iMac for this pack of games
 This game 's got cool pinball and racing . The cd will take up all your time becuase you 'll be so absorbed in it . The casino is so cool . you can play poker , blackjac , slots , -LRB- great variaty -RRB- and you can print you own personalized dollar bill . Golf is ok . The racing is so cool . Love the list of cars you pick out . Earthworm Jim is ok and shanghai 2 is kickin ' ! If you have totally nothing to do this cd will pass the time away .
 Although Twisted Edge is a great snowboarding game , but when compared to 1080 Snowboarding , it has disadvantages at different points that could possibly be improved a little.The tricks that are possible you would probably NEVER find in any other snowboarding game . You can even go beyond 2000 degrees!The selection of boarders is pretty good , all with different specialties . There are secret boards and riders available after you can complete the different difficulty levels in Competition mode.I would normally give Twisted Edge a five star rating . The reason I dropped the rating from five to four was when you compare Twisted Edge to 1080 Snowboarding . Twisted Edge does have a lot of shortcuts , VERY high jumps , and riding through pipes . But 1080 may not have as many shortcuts , but is a little bit more extreme -LRB- i.e. Jumping over cars , etc. -RRB- , and basically has the same extreme jumps.Although in 1080 , you ca n't perform 2000 + degree tricks.Although Twisted Edge may not be as good as 1080 at different points , you still will probably never find 2000 + degree tricks in any other snowboarding game . Still a great game and would be still definitely worth buying , and might make a great gift , too .
 Do n't listen to all the bashers , Twisted edge provided me with months of addiction . Trying to hit the over the top out of this world impossible trick after jumping out of the heli , c'mon now ? Stop being simple , games are for being a lil out of control , and that is how Twisted Edge lets you get ... enjoy
 This is a very fun , challenging game . It , like most things , has its own pros and cons , but for the most part , I enjoyed it . The graphics are exceptional , there are many tricks but a lot of them are rather bland , and there are around 10-15 different courses with 3 difficulties each . You can unlock 5 characters and about 5 boards too . Overall , I think it 's worth buying if you like this kind of game .
 Excellent programming . In a time where 1080 was `` king '' , Twisted Edge came onto the scene quietly . Very nice graphics -LRB- some of the best I 've seen -RRB- on N64 . If you liked Coolboarders or 1080 , this a definite purchase
 this game is sweet sweet sweet sweet ssssswwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeetthey say 1080 is better , mabey it is , but this is accualy like real sno boardin ' -LRB- trust me i would know -RRB-
 My Cousin has this game and its fun the graphics are not as good as 1080 ' . But it has lots of cool tricks and I like how you start.If you like snoboarding its a fun game .
 A Little different than the other in this series ... If you install the patch and follow some simply long time gamers rulethis is still a great game . .
 This was an EXCELLENT game in my opinion . The game is about 3 times longer than all the previous Law & Order games . It has 4 different cases to work on , and the story lines are fantastic . Each of these story lines are about equally as long as a whole previous Law & Order game ! The game was not too difficult , but not easy either . There were a few quite challenging puzzles . The game had great environments , and TONS of characters . Unlike the previous games , it does n't let you collect irrelovent inventory items which was nice . The only negative thing about this game were that there were a few bugs . Sometimes he would not walk in the direction you clicked , and would be stuck in a corner of the room . Once the game was restarted , it would be OK again . To me , this is a very minor problem if you have a little patience since the game was so great . Definately worth the money since it is such a LONG game !!!
 Bugs aside -- and they are indeed obnoxious at times -- Legacy keeps getting better with each L&O ; entry.Maybe it 's because I like linear games , and maybe it 's because I like pixel hunting , but I think CI 's first installment is their best L&O ; so far.First thing is , there 's more than one crime to solve here . There are four . That 's a big plus.Next is the fact that it 's more character based than the previous three . Being third-person -LRB- as opposed to first-person -RRB- does n't make much of a difference , if you ask me , but it 's refreshing to have the detective actually ask the questions out loud . Listening to the Q&A ; 's in full adds a lot to the experience.Then there 's Vincent D'Onofrio 's voicing . To be honest , it 's not the TV show . His dynamics are somewhat lacking here . On film , D'Onofrio has much more presence , and his acting is given proper direction . In this game , while he does an adequate job , his tone rarely veers from the calm-toned vocals that have become his trademark . Unfortunately , though , that 's not enough . On screen , Vincent exudes plenty of energy , while here , no matter what `` angle '' of questioning the player chooses , he maintains a somewhat monotone vocal . This is not necessarily a pitfall , mind you , but to enjoy this game 's main-character acting , one must either never have seen the show or suspend most of what they 've already experienced from it.A nice new inclusion in this installment that was missing from the previous L&O ; games is the automation of getting info on suspects and evidence . In Criminal Intent , one no longer needs to send things to each individual department . Suspects being analyzed automatically go to both Research and Surveillance , while collected evidence to bhe analyzed automatically goes to both Research and the Crime Lab . Makes play a lot less tedious.If you can deal with the bugs that often make this game frustrating to play , then I recommend it -LRB- as I do the previous three L&O ; games -RRB- . I enjoyed it despite the bugginess , but everyone 's got a different threshold for tolerance .
 This was n't as exciting as I had hoped but I did like it and still play.I would reccommend this game.Thanks
 Law & Order
 I just happened to be in Best Buy when I noticed this game and immediately snatched it up . It could definitely use a patch for the jerky motions of the characters , including Goren . I would have liked to seen better graphics -LRB- like in the Dead on the Money L & O game -RRB- . The scenery is quite detailed but the characters are not . Having said that , the storylines for the cases are superbly written and it makes me feel like I am watching the story unfold in one of the TV episodes . It will be a tremendously fun game to play and enjoy once the bugs are gone .
 Law & Order
 This game has some really amazing voice acting in it and not only from the tv stars , either . Some of the puzzles were hard to figure out , I think they could 've been explained better . Overall , I thought this was a really fun game . Choosing the emotion that Goren asks the question in is a nice touch , something that should 've been thought of a long time ago for detective games .
 Okay , I heard about this game a while ago and finally it came out . Poor me I had to wait I thought . I loved the previous two shadow hearts . The first is my favorite because it was a slightly more conventional RPG . I like the darker feeling of it . This one however was very short . It had a ridiculas number of side quests for how short it was . The story was a tad bit choppy at time . Though the battle system has been enhanced a little more . The combo system is nicer now because all the charaters can pull of two moves at once . The charaters on their own can now pull a duble which can get one out jams . Though the enemy cna also pull the same stunts . Though over all it would have been much better if they had taken longer to creat it and put more time into developing a better story that would develop a little more through out . Though it is deffinitly worth a play through .
 First off
 Normally , I would consider any year that promised a squel to Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy a banner year . But for some reason , 2006 has seen enough new fantasy games that I 'm actually behind on playing them , something that has n't happened since I first acquired my PS2 . This may be the year of the new high-powered game consoles , but Sony developers certainly have n't forgotten their old reliable platform , this new Shadow Hearts sequel is exceptional , and it looks like there 's more to come.Xseed games has decided to start a new story on the Shadow Hearts model , set a few years after the great release of malice in Shadow Hearts 2 . The main character is Johnny Garland an orphaned 16-year-old who has set up a detective agency in New York City . His big cases are still finding lost cats , but weird Professor Gilbert from Arkham University asks Johnny to help find a missing criminal and , in short order , Johnny finds himself plunged into a fight with evil monsters . The beautiful shapeshifter Shania comes to his rescue and soon he has assembled a team of unusual characters , including a martial arts cat and a musician with a loaded guitar.As in earlier games , character relationships are an important part of the quality of the game . Johnny 's attraction to Shania is kept low key , and is balanced against that of the mysterious Lady and the psychotic Killer . In Shadow Hearts , heroes do n't beat their chests . Instead they struggle with internal conflicts every bit as important as their battles in the game world.Play is still turn based using the Judgment Ring and various player strike combinations . I have mixed feeling about this scheme . It works well , but it 's complexities introduce a level of thumb dancing that is sometimes a bit beyond my limited reflexes . You have the opportunity to mix magic , medicine and muscle in complex and devastating attacks . My real criticism is that there are n't enough monster -LRB- or human -RRB- types , so the longer missions can get on your nerves . Dungeons characteristically only have three to four different monsters plus the boss . A dozen more varieties would have made the end game a bit more interesting.From the New World has more sidequests than most games have game . Everything from quizzes to the attack of the sushi warriors . There are lots of ways to get neat accessories and level up . To the point that you can over level up and sail through the ending a little two quickly for my tastes . In fact , the endings -LRB- there are two -RRB- are the weakest part of the story . Suddenly things are over and it 's time to save a cleared game and start all over again . But you 've had 80 hours of fun on the way , and that 's nothing to complain about .
 Shadow Hearts
 Everyone seems to have problems with this game , comparing to the other sequal and all . Well first it 's not really a continuetion of the story , it 's a like a whole new one so of course it 's not going to be as dark as the other one was . I thought this game was an excellent roleplaying game and I loved it because it had everything a video game needed . Yeah , some of it was a little dragged out but hey , what video game does n't drag their plot out ? This game follows a whole new character very different from Yuri , though to make up for that they put a hot female into the mix who is barely dressed and who is able to transform into spirits . And yes a couple of old characters make their apperance , like Roger Bacon the deformed creature thingie and the very gay motorcycle dudes . And I personally love the talking cat because Meo is very sassy . The basic storyline is follow is that your this 15 year old kid name johnny garlic , who is also a detective . Then suddenly everything changes when you meet up with Shania , a beautiful girl who is able to transform much like Yuri did . They team up and try to stop Killer and Lady from releasing on malice , which is evil spirits . And along the way Johnny 's power grows stronger and there is something very mysterious about this boy that everyone sees . The game made me wanting to never shut off my ps2 . And yes , at first I was disappointed to find it out it did n't have all the same characters in it but all you got to do is enjoy this game for what it is , accept it flaws and do n't compare it with it 's other sequals . If you enjoy a roleplaying game that takes you on a great adventure , at least rent this one . People give it bad reviews but really , I love it for it 's wackyness . And buy the gaming guide ! Or it will take you forever to figure out the puzzles .
 Right from the beginning this game is filled with wacky , crazy , just complete out of this world humor . As for that are like omg the gay biker merchant just hit on my 16 your old -LRB- who is n't really 16 btw . . but you 'll find that out later if you actually play it long enough :P -RRB- is n't funny then maybe you need to lighten up and go out and get a sense of humor . This game has everything from crazy super hero ninjas , talking drunken master cats , sushi gone wild , transforming vampire that has to watch her diet , native American gunslinger and spirit summoner -LRB- basically -RRB- team that fights off evil demons . Who all get throw together to fight a evil being and her serial killer boyfriend followed by a evil scientist to stop them from destroy the world . Sure some of the stuff is retarded , but hey how often do you get to play a RPG full of wacky humor ? The story is actually really good and at the end I was really happy I played this game . I would say it 's one of the best RPGs lately to come out for the PS2 . The combat system is pretty cool Judgment ring that you can use to link combos and special attacks through . Example is I really like to do Double combos and it 's where I 'll build so much -LRB- TP basically -RRB- that I 'll link every character together with double attacks . It 's really in-depth how you have to use the attacks to watch where they land -LRB- ground , middle , or in the air -RRB- to match the next attack . I really liked this battle system and the fusion abilities to change into powerful beings were really amazing too . Best combo to date was a 132 hit combo for 5000 ish damage . Did that on a special boss fight ;-RRB- not saying any names . It has tons of side quests in this game not as many as say FFX , but a lot . In all beating this game and collecting everything it 's about 50 hours of play . A lot of RPGs in the past I 've been disappointed with one way or another , but truly this was a wonderful game and only reason I 'm even giving it 4 stars is just because this is the 3rd part of a series and part was actually the best one . Though I think this one comes in second.Key points1 -RRB- Very nice battle system2 -RRB- Really really funny storyline that has a seriousness to it when it needs to be3 -RRB- Nice slightly better then average graphics4 -RRB- Has a wonderful soundtrack and voice acting was really good5 -RRB- Lots of side quests6 -RRB- Game play never seemed to get boring actually played this pretty much none stop since the first day and very few RPGs keep me that in grossed.Check it out a RPG that wo n't disappoint .
 Shadow Hearts 3 is another game that suffers from being in the shadow of greatness . The first two entries in the series were not only direct sequels to each other , but where amazing games , far outpacing anything else on the PS2 at the time.While little in actual game mechanics has changed from 2 to 3 , the setting and tone has.For those not familiar with Shadow Hearts and Shadow Hearts Covenant , they are turn based JRPGs , very similar in style to classic Final Fantasy . Each character has strengths , weakness , and some unique skills . One of your characters is a Harmonixer , a human who has the ability to take demon souls into their body and assume their form and properties . In SH1 and 2 , this was the protagonist , Yuri , and it was a major plot point in both games . In this game it is the pretty , scantily clad , native American girl who joins you early on . It is a plot point to a degree as you are on a quest for her to visit various earth spirits and gain their elemental forms , but it is more ancillary . You travel rather large segments of the world , meeting people , fighting evil , and preparing for the ultimate confrontation . There 's plenty of treasure and side quests and such to be found . It sticks to the major tropes and does them very , very well.Shadow Hearts 1 and 2 were located in Europe and Asia immediately before and during the events of WWI respectively . This game is set in post-WWI America , starting you in New York . They do well to make this setting feel authentic , as authentic as they can when there 's demons and crap running around New York theaers , but maybe its just because I am an American , I really was n't interested . The European and Asian settings of the first two were just more interesting to me . Eventually you move to South America but that seems to fit the series even worse.The over all tonal shift is a detriment to . SH1 and 2 were very dark and serious with a few minor exceptions . It set them apart from stuff like Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy which are so over the top and/or melodramatic . SH3 is just . . strange . Your characters are all eccentric weirdos with the exception of the two Native Americans and the main protagonist is clearly a 12yr old version of Tidus if he was cross bread with Bart Simpson.Another problem is your antagonist does n't feel threatening at all . She is basically just a mindless force of destruction that wanders the world . Her minion , Killer , is just an over the top psycho but not that good kind of over the top psycho like Kefka . I realize the cackling villian is over done , but these villains do n't feel menacing . Tie that in with all the silly weirdos you have following you around . . like the giant talking cat who is a drunken kung-fu master ... or the `` American Ninja '' who 's ultimate weapon is a giant shish kabob , it just comes off as too quirky to bare the Shadow Hearts name.It 's not bad , mind you , in fact It is bordering on greatness . If I did n't love SH1 and 2 for the reasons I love them , this would be another superior game , but it just does n't feel right by comparison . Despite that , I strongly suggest finding all the games in the Shadow Hearts series , including this one , if you 're a fan of classic JRPGs . You wont be disappointed .
 Shadow Hearts 3 from the new world is a good game . The battle system is unique , it you have played the other 2 shadow hearts games then you would know of the judgment ring system , if you do n't then you will just have to take my word that it adds a fresh spin on turn based battle systems and keeps you on your toes . The music is beautiful and addictive ; the graphics are so so for a game coming out this late in the evolution of the PS2 . Maybe 1-3 hours of learning curve to get the play down . Characters are original and very unique and entertaining . Not as good as final fantasy of course but a good solid RPG I think anyone would enjoy so long as you are open to the battle system .
 They say that 3rd times a charm , and this third installment to the series is no exception . It 's a fun game overall , and has an engaging story and cast of characters . There is a lot of micromanagement which can be tedious at times , but it does n't detract from the game . It 's definitely worth the price of admission .
 This game , though it starts a little slow , gets better and better by the minute . The interactive battle system , using rings that spin around and around , is a fun addition to this RPG . It draws you slowly into the new Battle System so that it is not hard to get used to . There are also ways to slow the rings and create more opportunities to attack . Enjoyable game with beautiful graphics -LRB- mostly the movie modes but still good during gameplay -RRB- and even better music with a blend of a Native American style and old western with a modern rock influence . All in all , a great installment of the Shadow Hearts series and a great addition to any RPG collection .
 An awesome RPG adventure with an unforgettable story with amazing game play the best in the series by far a must for RPG fans .
 8.5 / 10 Overall a great great fresh RPGStory-6Don ' t get me wrong the game has a good story . It 's just that the fact that the first half of the game is practaclly all `` o we have to go there and o what a surpise a big demon . '' and is filled with too many comedy moments . Tho later on the story acully picks up and you finally ca n't stop playing cause you wan na know what will happen next . Only thing i 'd like to see is a much darker more involed story like shadow heart 1 or 2Gameplay-10Well this game is done really well , so well i think it is the best battle system . It 's a kinda Cross between Chrono Cross and Legend of dragoon and then some . Plus has tutorail which tell you tons about how to usa the system so newcomers can play . The final thing i 'd like to add about the battle system is the customabilty of it e.g. you can alter the Jugment Rings target area makeing it harder to get perfect but the DMG will increase rather than explain the jugment ring you should visit the offcail Shadow heart website and it 's all explained there.Also each demon filled lair you have to go to is a perfect size and puzzle ar n't too big or too small.On a final note the diffculty of this game is average which is a relief as Shadow hearts 2 was as far too easy.Charaters-8Tho i 'm not too keen on the comedy charaters some pple are and this game has 3/4 of them but at least there origanal and have a lot of background to them . As for the serious charaters there done really well and it 's also nice to see that the main charater is n't given the cool guy look like other main stream RPGs.Summary-8Tho not as good as Shadow heart 1 or 2 the game is at least different and the battle system i 'd say saves it as evertime you battle you do n't just go attack X 10 o i got a fire ring . you have to plan ahead organize a combo and prepare for the monsters next move . If this game had Shadow hearts 1 grade of charaters and Shadow hearts 1/2 grade of story this game would esstailly be perfect .
 Theres no need for a long review of this game . I loved Convenant , but considerin money 's tight I was gon na pass this one up . In the end I gave in to my temptation . Thank God . This game reminded me why I love the SH series so much . Theres some small changes , but I assure you if you liked the rest , you 'll love this one too .
 I thought I was buying Kingdon Hearts II when I bought Shadow Hearts 3 . -LRB- I do n't know what I was thinking , I just remembered Hearts was in the title -RRB- To my relief , I fell in love with this game . I played this game before the 1st two simply because I did not know they existed . When I read in a magazine that SH 1 is one of the top 10 rare rpg 's to own , I had to have it , along with SH 2 . SH 3 has a new lead character than the 1st two . I know a lot of SH fans miss Yuri , but hey , this is a game , get over it . The characters in this game are equally impressive and hold their own in the game . I have to say that my favorite character would be Shania . She had this `` like or not , I do n't care attitude '' and her fusions are awsome . Especially her La Sirene fusion . She only has 4 spirits she can fuse with unlike Yuri , who had like 20 . I think that having just the 4 fusions is much better because it makes game play much easier to strategize.Each character also had his/her own type weapon to control , like Johnny uses a knife , Shania uses her axes , Natan uses guns for his `` Gun Fu '' . As you advance in the game , you 're able to purchase more powerful weapons and better armor . However , do not buy for Frank , all his weapons are either found , or won . Also , only buy for the characters you use the most . Money in this game is not plentiful , unlike the first game . Spend your money wisely !!! I ca n't say this game is as good as the 2nd Sh , but at least Sh 3 tries to tie in the 1st two games in a very subtle way . If you have played SH 2 , when you are in Times Square in SH 3 , you 'll notice a shop named Gepetto and Cornelia , sound familiar ? Some of you might have seen that the first play through , but I only recently noticed . And the ring spirit , Aya , her `` daddy '' was the ring soul in Sh 2 . I guess they are just trying to keep some familiarity in all the games , sort of like FF did with the Chocobos.The judgement ring is back and as always , it determines the success -LRB- or failure -RRB- of your attack , the ring spirit is back , and of course , Roger Bacon is back . If you 've never played a SH game and do n't know what I 'm talking about , not to worry , you really do n't need to play the 1st two games to enjoy the third sh installment.The story is rather straight forward , nothing too complicated , which for me was good . And , if you get bored , go do some side quests , which there are many . Like snap collecting . Johnny takes pictures of all the monsters the team battles . He can then trade those snaps to various snap collectors throughout the game in exchange for rare and even necessary items . Be warned though , in order to open up the hardest side quest in the game , Johnny MUST take a picture of every monster . He might not be able to trade them , but they are necessary.The battle system is your basic turn based rpg , but the judgement ring is what makes this game different . That is what makes or breaks your attack.There is also something called Stellar Charts . Equip your characters with a specific Stellar Chart , like Libra , and then you can equip certain stellars to that chart , like Cure . Only Shania does n't have a Stellar Chart because she had fusion forms . You can then upgrade your stellar chart to make your attacks more powerful and even cost less MP to use . Stellar Charts are a great way to customize your team.There is so much more I can say about this game , but It 's just easier to play . If you want to try an awsome , yet a little out there , rgp , I truly recommend this game .
 Remember playing this as a rental from blockbuster ages ago . Still just as fun now . Highly recommended . Has a really interesting story .
 I was Purchasing games for my collection , when I came across this one . The ad looked well done and the reviews were good on the game so I ordered it . The game shipped out quickly and arrived safely . I would buy from them again . Fantastic job !!!
 I love the Shadow Hearts series . I have now played and beaten all 4 SH games -LRB- Koudelka , SH , SH-Covenant , and SH-FTNW -RRB- . I loved the middle two so much , with Shadow Hearts having the best dark theme and SH-Covenant the best combat.I had read the mixed reviews on this game , Shadow Hearts From the New World . I 'm glad I bought the game and gave it a full chance.This game had the best combat system of the Shadow Hearts series , in my opinion , improving even on SH-Covenant . I really enjoyed the increased ring complexity and the stellar charts . The locations were more enjoyable than I expected going in . The dungeons were fun , with good fights , puzzles , and enough to challenge you for an hour or two each . This game seemed the easiest for me to play a couple of hours a night and come back to the next night wanting more and enjoying it all.One issue that other reviewers mention that I found to be true is that this game has some wacky elements and is the least dark-themed of the SH series . Before I played it , I thought that would be a deal-breaker . But it turns out that I loved some of the characters and truly enjoyed the combat and leveling system enough that this game overcomes the lighter theme and stands on its own as a great game for me . The game also has many significant side quests which are optional , but which are some of the best parts of the game . It had a great mix of complexity , challenge , and satisfying action.By wacky , I mean the giant drunken cat character , who I hated . I did n't play him except for the one dungeon I had to . So , he was not a big part of the game and was not missed by me . This game is very playable with whatever majority of the characters you like , so you can ignore one or two and still be fine.Frank the crazy ninja was a wacky character too , but I ended up liking him . The humor worked on that one . Frank wears sandals with socks and is nerdy , but he 's a great fighter and quirky in a good way.A few of the characters I just loved . Ricardo absolutely rocked -LRB- he uses a guitar for attacks and special abilities , and it is so cool -RRB- . Slim Hilda -LRB- the vampire girl -RRB- and Shania -LRB- the fusion girl -RRB- were both excellent . Natan -LRB- Indian fighter -RRB- was very good . Johnny -LRB- the teen -RRB- was okay , but not nearly as good a lead character as Yuri from the prior two SH games.Overall , it was a polished , fun game that I ended up loving depite one character I hated and some quirks and wackiness . I spent over 60 hours on it and it was a great game , 4.5 stars .
 I 'll say I love this game , it had at the time great graphics and honestly I still like them even now . It has tons of side quests that are really fun and also challenging . The characters are all funny and quirky in their own ways and it just gives a really fun side to all the seriousness of the story . I love going around all these famous places and people in American history and seeing them in a new creative light if this had been our world . The battles are really tough but fun , if you practice enough the ring system becomes more like a reflex than a difficult task . The bosses are NOT a push over some of them killed me a dozen times before I found out how to beat them . I really recommend this game to someone who wants days of fun and plenty of tough battles .
 VERY fun game , love the story line . has to be own of my favorites . Very similar to Kingdom Hearts . if you like those games you will love shadow hearts too . fun for girls as well :3
 I had never heard of the series Shadow Hearts . I dont know HOW I could have missed the existence of this game . However I 'm glad I got the chance to find out what it was about before this game would be declared `` rare '' and hard to find like the first one is right now.This game will make you smile because its funny . I wouldnt say dead-hilarious but its funny . I enjoyed each character even though at first I was a bit skeptical , especially with the big white cat . Each Character has a handful of sidequests that WILL keep you busy , thats what makes the game so dang-on long . The sidequests are extremely helpful when it comes to the Characters equipment , weapons , abilities and Steller Magic . Also when you do their sidequests , they each have a place of their own on the world map that you can visit and it will also explain the character 's background so you can get to know them better or at least their origin.I Think its safe to say that there is NO loading time in this game . Its quick , especially when you Load or walk into the next area . Its nice to have a game that doesnt make you stair at a black tv.The difficulty of this game will leave you gritting your teeth . There are some things in this game you will have to do that will take ALOT of time , so if you like a challenge , this is the game for you.the graphics are pretty nice , i wouldnt say perfect , but it 's really nice and smooth . When i first played the game , it reminded me so much of Final Fantasy X. I do NOT know why , I guess you can say it was probably the graphics.The music was okay , the only annoying part about it was that almost every temple or land area they went into , had the same music playing . but other than that , you 'll enjoy the battle music . It Jams good ! : pThere is a New Game at the end , however I just finished it and discovered that you do n't really get to keep everything you had from the previous , which really , really sux.There are SOME connections to Shadow Heart
 So , with the X-box 360 becoming affordable even proud retro geezers like me will move on soon . However that is not to say the ps-2 is useless or obsolete especially when it comes to worthwhile RPGS . One of the best and most sadly under appreciated rpg franchise is Shadow-Hearts . With adult themes , an alternate history set in our world , slap stick humor , weird allies , and references that the characters actually think about `` sex '' it was sort of the `` anti-final fantasy '' . It also introduced the judgement ring system , an exciting slice of probability that made you time each button press on the wheel of fortune carefully . The ring of fate added an exciting twist to the usual turn based formula and you did have to pay attention a lot more instead of just punching in a command . The judgement ring was also used for bartering with merchants for discounts and starting with SH Covenant you could string combos together between characters.From the New-World is the newest in the series . How does it stack up ? I 'd say its ' definitely worth having and a charming odd gem just like its ' predecessors . However those of us that loved the tragic yet bitter sweet relationship between Yuri and Alice Elliot do feel a bit sad to see them go . It had to happen , Yuri can not fight evil forever and the good ending from covenant suggested he found a way to change fate and be with Alice at long last . A hero deserves to `` retire '' after two lengthy quests of fighting his own inner demons and the forces of malice around him.The immediate problem I had with ftnw was I could n't relate to the young spirited detective Johnny Garland as much as I could to Yuri . Yuri was a man . He 'd swear , he 'd drink , and before he was even in love with Alice he wanted to get in her pants . He was a nice guy sure , but he was a realistic nice guy . Johnny on the other hand is only 16 -LRB- hard to believe a 16 year old would be a detective -RRB- and he was definitely tailored for younger players . This is not `` bad '' entirely . Its ' just people that were fans of the other two slightly more serious and mature games might be put off at first.If anything ftnw gives you a few unexpected surprises . First of all Johnny is not a harmonixer . That honor belongs to Shania and I kept debating if in fact she was the lead . She is also a better fighter so Johnny seems weaker by comparison.So what is all this about ? Johnny was in a tragic accident and lost his father and twin sister in a nasty blaze . Though he could have lived off his father 's inheritance he chose to be a detective instead . Why ? Apparently Johnny has lost many of his memories and he surmises being a super sleuth will dig something up . In the mean-time Shania and her stoic gun toting warrior companion Natan spend time as bounty hunters hunting malice creatures . As expected Johnny 's first case to find someone that evaded paying his bail turns into a terrifying encounter with the denizens of the abyss . Shania and Natan save Johnny and things grow from there.Is this story as strong as Covenant 's ? While I can say it does get better it is definitely more `` cliche '' though not on an entirely negative note . As before ftnw is a fan of weaving an alternate history and this time the time line is set during the great depression . You will help Al Capone escape from prison , interact with Elliot Ness the detective , trek through the Grand Canyon to help Shania get another fusion form and to help Natan capture big foot , save everyone 's favorite little eccentric wizard Roger Bacon from Area 51 , and confront mad college professors that create `` monsters '' in their spare time just for kicks . As you see there are subtle nods to the first two games.Perhaps the thing that upset me the most is the most enigmatic alluring characters are the bad guys or npcs . Al Capone 's younger sister Edna is soft spoken , kind hearted , and sexy as hell in her tight red dress yet though she could have been a great healer akin to Alice she is reduced to nothing more than a plot piece . Killer is a red haired Yuri look-alike but disappointingly he is not tied to Yuri in any way . Lady likewise looks exactly like Alice Elliot yet she is opposed to you during every step of your journey and likewise is not tied to the other games save for very obscure references . I 'm not saying that the characters you do get are crap , but the most interesting and well thought out ones pitch for the other team . Basically you will feel like you are the `` under dog coach '' left with the people no one else wanted and you are expected to make them into a formidable fighting force.While Ricardo the guitar-gun toting musician , Natan , and Shania all are pretty serious and have decent motivations to stay with you the other half of the team is comic relief . There is Old Frank the vigilante American ninja , Mao a drunken master giant cat , and Joachim 's cute yet unruly little vampire sister Hilda that unlocks different abilities by using `` calories '' to become `` thin '' or `` fat '' . If you thought the previous cast was `` odd '' suffice it to say you have not seen nothing yet!Luckily even the silly characters have beneficial abilities in battle and everyone has their own side missions to power up their abilities.The play mechanics add charging stocks but other-wise the judgement ring system is near identical . To me , stringing combos together was much easier this time and I enjoyed how you had to think about what types of attacks would temporarily knock down and disable enemies.In the end ftnw is still fun to play and keeps you curious about what is around the next bin . While I do think Nautilis/X-seed were a bit over excessive with the cheesy humor that alone does not warrant calling ftnw a bad game . Unless you are a jaded elitist that expects every incarnation of the series to be like the first two games you should enjoy this one immensely!Pros . + An interesting new alternate history set during the great depression . + Ring system keeps the game play as fun and addictive as ever . + Interacting with historic icons such as Al Capone and Elliot Ness . + The out-door level designs are beautiful . + Mostly great voice acting and music throughout . + Shania is drop dead sexy . Say what you will but for us guys that is a great incentive!Cons - Not as many fusion forms . Luckily they can all be upgraded through totem fetishes . - Some of the characters could have been `` subtly humorous '' instead of `` outright ridiculous '' . - Story line may seem a bit weaker to serious fans . - Johnny while lovable in his own right has a very difficult time filling Yuri 's shoes . - Towns are as small and cramped as ever . This does n't make sense in places such as Chicago and New York that should be sprawling metropolises .
 Delta Force
 I played the original Delta Force years ago and I really liked it . I love this one !! It 's a reload of the original but it does come with a few downers . Getting extra health and ammo is easy just look for the red and blue boxes on your gps or map . There are extra missions and this one is challenging but not too challenging or you might have to work to hard to play the game lol ! It does need save points and a few more health power ups since bad guys come from out of nowhere and wax you . You ca n't assume you 've cleared a part of the map or territory or you 'll get waxed . For anyone into FPS I very highly recommend this one !!!! Besides needing save points it could also use a few more weapons . There is a mp5sd3 but no mission truly allows it.Chad S
 This game is fun ! I loved the original Delta Force , so if you liked that you will probably like this too . They just ported all the missions and stuff to the Joint Ops engine -- if you have ever played Joint Ops , all the gun models , etc. will look familiar . HUGE DRAW DISTANCES AND MAPS !!! even bigger than far cry . online play is fun , kinda like Joint Ops only without the control points . Graphics are pretty good , there is a nice water reflection effect . plays fine on my p4 2.5 ghz , 512mb ram , geforce4mx.Gameplay
 Novalogic 's DFX is very good . They need to come out with a version DFX2 and fix a few glitches , and add the medical kit to it . But for FPS contemporary military enjoyment ... this rocks . Great graphics.The Mission Editor is easy to use and makes this game timeless , like all of the previous Delta Force games from NovaLogic .
 Though this game is very fun to play , it is also very short -LRB- 20 single player missions -RRB- . But the multiplayer is also fun . This game is short because the company didnt spend too much time on this . If you loved delta force 1 , you will love this even more . If you just want to play the single player missions then you should rent this game . There also might be an expansion for it . Anyways deffinetly try this game out .
 Purchased this product to replace DF Land Warrior game . Product shipped and received in good order . Good gaming experience , Reasonably good graphics . I play online or against the computer 2 or 3 time per week .
 PERHAPS THE BEST 1st Person Shooter EVER . I have hosted Delta Force Land Warrior for over 5 years nightly , and thought nothing could beat it ; BUT NovaLogic finally outdid themselves with Delta Force Xtreme , which TRULY LIVES UP TO IT 'S NAME . This major sleeper at this price is a Way Cool Find . Poor advertising AND poorly stocked supplies of the game on their part , is the only reason it has not taken off like Hot Cakes . I host DFX every odd numbered night starting around 9:00 PM Pacific . My site is DC 's -- DM , drop in if you buy this DFX game .
 Game is great until you update . There is a jeep with a machine gun that you can capture in one of the games -LRB- Snow Fox -RRB- and use it to assist in playing the game . With the update the jeep is no longer available and when you shoot the 2 people in it the jeep blows up . Also with the update it takes more bazooka hits to knock out a tank -LRB- 4 vs the original # 3 -RRB- . The update did n't improve anything and I recommend against it . The game is fun though .
 DF Xtreme is an excellent 1st person shooter game . Nothing real fancy about the game 's graphics though , a fairly basic graphics card is all you need . That does n't mean that the game is n't FUN ! LOTS of action , both in single play and especially multiplayer mode . Good selction of weapons as well as map editing for making your own scenarios .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . Very easy to install . Download the file . Make a mirror copy of your game in your Novalogic folder . Call it DFXBFM . Install the mod in this folder . Always keep a copy of the original game in the folder in case there are problems later . Not needed as you can just reinstall , but handy . Several Servers for the MOD.There was another mod called DFX D3 . It got to cluttered so they made a completely new one and used all the weapons , maps , etc for it . Just released ... If you like `` Sniper '' games , drop in DFV 's server . This game really has come along ways since Novalogic dumped it unfinished on the gaming community . See you in the game . Check out the mods on the internet searching DFX DJ3 or BFM .
 Could someone please tell me if there is a mission editor included with this game . Also , can u drive vehicles ?
 I ca n't tell you how much fun this game is . The graphics are great and the realism is also top notch . I play on the interent with others from around the world and just have a great time with it . I would recommend this to anyone who likes first person shooter games !
 This game kicks major rump!The vehicles alow the player to get in the zonemuch faster.And the choppers help you clear the zone faster.All in all a fast paced major fun game .
 I actually wanted to own this game for Uncle Henry 's Playhouse , a highly addictive puzzle game . Not only did the game give me that , but it also gave me a few other really enjoyable puzzle games that I ca n't stop playing . I really wish more people were familiar with this wonderful and addicting game .
 After I started playing World Driver Chamionship on the N64 , I did n't eat , work or sleep for a week . WDC provides a real racing experience , with a steep learning curve . But it 's worth it , because you feel great when you get your hands on a shiny new car for the first time . Those first few cornersin a new vehicle are very cool . Every new car is faster and handles better , so the lap times drop like a brick . If you only get one game with your Nintendo 64 , make it World Driver Championship .
 I thought when i first played Rush 2 -LRB- which is also excellent -RRB- that nothing could top it . I was wrong because Driver is the most complicated game for n64 and requires some pretty sick skill to play , finally n64 owners have a game resembling the praised Grand Turissmo game . If you love cool cars and awesome graphics buy this game !
 While there are other good racers for the N64 this one is the best . The cars drive well and different cars actually handle differently . The career aspect makes the game special . You are drawn in to try and get rides in ever faster cars . You have to practice to do well and this keeps you playing . This game will have a long play life . The icing on the cake is that everything looks beautiful .
 WDC is truly a great racing game it is visually stunning and the car control is very realistic . A nice break from Rush and other 64 racers . The main theme of the game is to gain as many points as you can in order to obtain a higher driver ranking and be offered `` better '' rides . Just because they are better does n't mean that they are faster . The graphics are great and the way that each car handles does take some getting used to ; but it is well worth it . The replay value of this game is high and the other drivers do give you a run for your money . It could use a pit aspect as well as the ability to try and adjust your ride out -LRB- the game has neither -RRB- but all in all it is a very complete racing game . As a racing fan I would recommend this game to anyone shopping for a racing challange . I would not recommend this game for persons who do n't have the time to get to know the cars or the tracks . These two things are paramont if you are to be successfull in climbing the ranks and becoming a World Champion Driver .
 This game is the best driving game ever . You can do realistic straight line braking and downshifting -LRB- you WILL need to learn to brake to win races -RRB- , apex your turns to conserve speed , and powerslide around other racers through curves . Stop reading this review and go buy the game right now !
 The graphics are amazing . The cars are sweet too , but if your anything like me the way the car wipes out really gets on your nerves!You just tap the controlstick and woooomp!your in the ditch .
 I do n't know how I would improve this game - it is the most addicting and exciting I have ever played . The handling characteristics are extremely realistic ; be thankful that the cars ca n't be damaged because there is a lot of bumping and banging involved . If you like racing , this is the one .
 World Driver Championship certainly is more realistic than many of the racing games out there , but it is in a no way a simulator . The graphics are great and the game itself is a lot of fun , but there are two major downsides . First , your car ca n't be damaged . This alone makes the game much easier since you do n't have to be as precise in your driving . Second , to get anywhere in the game you need to own a controller pak . If you do n't have one this game is n't worth owning since you wo n't be able to play most of it .
 This is the best racing game on the N64 platform . The physics are excellent . -LRB- Which I can not say about Gran Turismo -RRB- The only problem I had is doing six 5 lap races for one cup is too long and you ca n't split the races up . Oh and the graphics are extremely good especially considering it does not use the expansion pack .
 First you need a memory pack or you have to start from scratch each time . There is no damage , but the cars feature a heavy sliding feel that the real street based GT cars of the mid 90 's must have had . The tracks are all of the made up racing in the streets variety , as opposed to real racetracks , but the cars are based on real racers . If you actually follow GT racing all your favorites form the mid 90 's are here . Porsches are Rages and Vipers are Venom 's , but if you know what a Lister Storm is , then you 'll figure it out . At the lower levels there is a Stallion that bears a strong resemblance to a Salean Mustang with a team owner that is not to far from a surfer dude version of Tim Allen . Nationalities are all wrong though ; the Lotus clones are Italian for crying out loud .
 This is a great game . i got it today . It has surperiorgraphics . It handles like a real car . It lets you do all the work , not like all those sissy racing games with graphics that suck and make the game easy which makes it very boring , this game is so addictive , it should be illegale . Buy it !
 All the games of mortal kombat are five stars but this one went down . its a good game , not worth buying , rent it first , if you love it then you should buy . I got got sick of it after a long period of time though . It was a little easy though . i beat it very quickly .
 I think Mortal Kombat on Sega Genesis is the greatest video game of all time .
 The 3d environment is great . It 's definately better than MK Mythologies . I like the fact that you can use weapons , too . The only problem is that sometimes the camera angles are bad , making it difficult to see who 's shooting at you , or where you 're going . I hope they include some characters from this game in future MK games , like No Face , Tasia , and Tremor .
 Because of the new Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks game coming out , I decided to get all my old MK games out to play . Among them was Mortal Kombat Mythologies
 Surprisingly good attempt to expand the Mortal Kombat universe . Fighting and exploring is a lot of fun - the combos are a standout for games of this sort - and the special effects are awesome . Story is a bit weak , as are the really cheesy FMV 's , but the fighting and weapons more than make up for it . An improvement by a long shot over the appalling Sub-Zero entry . Well worth the $ 20 price tag .
 After playing the horrible MKM Subzero , I thought this would be another bomb . . I gave it a chance because of the low price < You play as Jax and are able to do all of his signature moves plus many new combos that are earned thru experience points . There are also many weapons to use . Overall I think its worth picking up . I think Midway learned their lesson after MKM Subzero .
 Not worth the time , energy , or money . Just plain bad gameplay and the game is so short.Wait for it to drop to 5.00 Think of the money you save going to something more worthy .
 I could say a lot of good things about this great game , but , to keep this short , I 'd better just hit the main points . This is the best game I 've ever played . Unfortunately , there is nothing else like it . I 've played it all the way through 7 times , joining all 4 guilds -LRB- that 's the way to go -RRB- and doing all 12 guild quests , which are in addition to your main goals of restoring your soul and saving your world . There are too many specific things about it to praise here , so let me just say that , if you 're looking for a good , first-person , single-player , single-character , sword-and-sorcery RPG , snatch up a copy of this game before there are no more to be had .
 This game is a bit old but its a fun game . people that are old school gamers will love this RPG . The only bad thing is that its picky about what computers it will play on . New computers have been known to fight with it .
 As far as gameplay and story , the game excels , but that 's so common of games back in the day that story and play had to compensate for the lack of ability in graphics . The graphics are nearly equivelant to Diablo II . However , the storyline is so on par with games like Elder Scrolls . It 's a game from back in the day when games were about more than just who could create the best looking guts or explosion , or the most real looking fire or water . It 's back when the story and hook and catch mattered . Back when games were truly addictive . You wan na play a game that will captivate you ? Truly keep you coming back for more ? Just get through the first two levels , then you 're into the game too deep to let go ... Personally , the game deserves 5 stars for story and plot and playability alone .
 Lands of Lore III looks to be an action packed RPG run around . With six different worlds , many possibilities for your character , and 3D graphics it looks to be a fun filled time waster . Although I have not yet tested the game it sounds liked something that could keep me hooked for hours .
 Wheel does n't work on GT3 . You can get by on WRC and have a little fun but wheel is unacceptibly twitchy and impossible to hold in a straight line . I am buying a different wheel and taking this one back ASAP . Ca n't understand how anyone could give this a good review . I 'm not some kid , but a middle aged adult who expects a little bit more quality than this for my money . I repeat , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 I really don ; t know why they gave this such a low stars . When I first bought this I said this was great the grip is nice the petals are pretty cool . It has worked with all the games I have tryed . My favorite game to play with this games are Grand Turismo 3 , midnight club street racing , and grand turismo 2 . I think this wheel should get more stars .
 When I read past ratings I was concerned but everything works with PS2 games such as ATV and the other race games . The kids -LRB- and myself -RRB- now can enjoy these games to the utmost now . BUY IT !
 i dunno wat evrybodys sayin that the pedals dont work because they work fine for me and wit all my games including gt3 . this product is great definetley get it .
 first of all , this is good . i gave it 4 stars because the pedals dont work with gt3 . this wheel works 4 need 4 speed high stakes , smuglers run 1 AND 2 , the simpsons road rage , midnite club street racing -LRB- hello -RRB- and the wheel , not the pedals work 4 gt3 . There are proably alot of other games it works with , i dont no ...
 I bought this as a gift for a self proclaimed `` gun nut '' . It was well received . I do n't believe it is practical for everyday use , but might be fun in first person shooter games . The product is much better made than I expected . Some parts are made of aluminum ! If you are into guns or first person shooters , I recommend it .
 The MonsterGecko FPS mouse it much better than it looks . Trust me . Even I looked at it at first and thought it was a waste of time . But when I saw it for a great black Friday deal , I picked it up because I was curious . Now I can safely say it 's well worth the purchase . The mouse has a good resolution , and the shame is more than a gimmick . It really does feel great to use , games or not ! I recommend this product by far !
 This mouse has Great written all over it . Of course there is one or two things that I personally do n't like -LRB- Smells of iodine , and weak wires -RRB- but overall I love it.This mouse glides smoothly over any surface you decide to use it on . Its design allows for hours of play with no hand cramps , and it give you the feel of aiming at an opponent . The grips are changeable , so if you do n't like them or they start to wear , then you can replace them.I ca n't think of a better mouse to use while gaming .
 The PistolMouse is great for playing Half-Life 2 ... totally rocks ! Way more fun than just clicking on targets with a mouse .
 I bought this just because it was cheap and was not expecting much . This is a very WELL-MADE mouse . Getting used to it was not hard at all , despite what others say . Just make sure you calibrate the Pistol Mouse in windows , to move ` slower ' than a normal mouse and it offers fine control . Nothing beats this and the Nostromo N52 for first person shooters .
 It 's a mouse , shaped like a smallish pistol . The trigger action is a bit soft , but otherwise not so bad . It takes a bit of getting used to in the beginning , but once gotten used to , definitely ads to your FPS gaming experience . I paid over $ 60 for mine which was way too much - but I was kinda desperate at that moment cause my old one just died.Shop smart , get it cheap , and use it well .
 Just a short review , BUY IT!It really is an awesome mouse gun and I have tried them all.If you go Old School with Virtual Cop for PC , well its perfect.If you go New Age with Left 4 Dead 1 or 2 , well its rocks.Thanks for you time and try the product .
 Ever since I got into First Persons , back in the days of Doom , I always wanted to do more then just hit enter on the keyboard , or the mouse button to fire a weapon that would dispatch my enemy . I tried out light gun games that allow you to weld a weapon or two and shoot at a screen that moves , they just are n't what I was after . I thought VR would have taken off a long time ago , but it sorta went quietly into the night , thanks to software support and the likes . I ordered this mouse to see if I could finally get that sensation I was after . You know what ? they almost got it right!The build quality is amazing , the feel of the `` weapon '' is very solid . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I was not in false hopes that this would be a light gun accessory for the PC . I read every last little detail about it when I ordered it.I got it and hooked it up to my PC -LRB- no drivers are always a plus in my book -RRB- I immediately fired up Call of Duty 4 and begun testing . After about five minutes I notice something amazing , my horizontal tracking had improved three fold . I was able to keep up with enemies and take them down while they were still moving , something I had never been able to pull of with skill , just luck . There is a very good sensation when you squeeze up on the gun handle and press the right mouse button to look down the sights . It feels pretty authentic to have that added sense of immersion . The fact that mouse is for both hands makes it great for anyone to try.It does have it 's drawbacks though . there is no sense of recoil or even a vibration . Most Programmers think that people who own PCs do n't want that sorta thing , personally I think that the mouse and the keyboard should vibrate . The DPI -LRB- Dots Per Inch -RRB- is a little low at only 800 . The last real gripe I had with it was that since I was so used to using my hand to move the mouse , my forearm was on fire from holding out the `` handshake '' position for so long . However , after two days of that , it stopped , and the ergonomic gods smiled.I 'd recommend this product to anyone who wants to pull the trigger in all those FPS games and really shoots some baddies . that 's the last thing , pulling the trigger is amazing , the metal trigger gives you a great feeling , and was very nice to wield pistols in game .
 For goofing around , it 's a refreshing change and is actually quite fun.I think the problem is that most people who spend a lot of time on games are used to a mouse and this screws them up . People also are n't really willing to `` train '' using this mouse.Build quality is excellent and I really have no complaints - I just do n't use it a lot.For $ 10 - $ 20 , well worth it.Kind of a shame that it tanked -LRB- when it first came out , it was ~ 80 -RRB- If there was one change I 'd make , it would be to add some weight to it along with a `` mousing surface '' . It 's not light , but it could be heavier .
 Okay , sure . The graphics may be a little poor and the game play may be a little hard especially because this game is a side-scroller , but this is still I would think the greatest MK ever . This game goes beyond the tournament and the story rules . Mythologies goes back into the past , before the orginal Mortal Kombat . As Sub-Zero , you must find the symbols that represent the elements and defeat totally cool bosses . By far , the best part of the game is the end level , which takes you into the maze of Quan Chi 's fortress where you later meet up with him and the original Shinnok . This MK game is a must-have for any Mortal Kombat fan who enjoys MK 's dark storylines more than the tournamet fights .
 I remember playing this game before ps2 came out and I remember it being the best game I ever played . I bought it again because I lost it and hope to remember the good times playing it . I also think most of us have spoiled the memory of the game by playing games like black ops with the great graphics .
 What does it take to be # 1 , 1 is sub-zero , 2 , nobody remembers . old , nd still , COLD AS ICE !!
 Fantastic game but the controles are preset and can not be reconfigured.I am used to configuring the controles a certain way and could not get used to this setup.I guess it is like the old saying -LRB- You ca n't teach an old dog new tricks -RRB- I am a gamer and this is the first time I have seen this.Hope this is not the way of the future in games.But SIERRA comes up with a lot of weird stuff .
 This is one of those good titles you probably never knew existed . Yes , the graphics are dated but there 's something about Tony Montana and running coke that makes this game fun . This game is quite challenging even to the most able of gamers . It has over 20 hours of single player time -LRB- doing everything -RRB- but no multiplayer . It is has a lot of similarities to Grand Theft Auto
 This is a good game but the only thing is that it wont play on a 64bit window 7 . But if you have a old specs computer you should be good like windows xp it works perfect its just a shame it do n't work on window 7 .
 One of my favorite games of all time . I like it better than all GTA games except maybe GTA4 .
 My two problems with this game :1 - no character jumping2 - as a PC gamer I like to customize my keyboard configuration but this is just like True Crime , you ca n't remap the board . THIS IS AN UNFORGIVEABLE CRIME AGAINST PC USERS !!! Other than that , the game 's premise is completely unique . It 's far from a GTA clone although this game could have taken a lesson or two from the series . If you want a more realistic crime drama try this one , if you want random acts of violence , try GTA .
 My experience during play was complete emergence , everything was so real I felt as though I was Tony . This game has it all , including humor . Another great thing about this game is after 100 % completion , you can continue to play and have lot 's of action and fun , especially with the surprises you aquire upon completion . I have played a lot of games and along with the free roam experience , the A-I and mission challenges I put this game at the top of my game playing .
 but now its time to say gooodbye . Having been a big fan of Rockstar Games with GTA 3 , Vice City and the well known yet controversial San Andreas being my all time favorites Scarface
 too bad it didnt even work on my laptop after installing it i need a new laptop since tis game didnt work on mine but im satisfied with my buy got it cheap and i always wanted this game
 I played this particular game on the PS2 and i was sad to hear that the PS3 did not support backwards comparability but was happy enough to aquire the game for my PC at an affordable price !
 I love every inch of the game , but the only problem is everytime you load the game , the first few minutes the game lags .
 This is a great PC Game.Hours of enjoyment.Everything i thought it would be .
 Not just a Rock Star rip off . Scarface is a good shooter , drug dealing , movie look a like game . Very entertaining and challenging many options with in the game .
 I have to recommend the PS2 version of this game , the PC game is a console port job . The PS2 version plays fine and the PC version can be hardware finicky -LRB- To make it run on a fully modern windows 7 x64 system -RRB- PC go into deep settings and set the computer to run on 1 CPU core , 1 GPU , then it might run or it might crash , just be sure to restore your computer to normal operation when done.The overall game score loses 1 star for being specifically homophobic in a portion of the game . Hey this is Tony Montana , in an almost entirely non politically correct zone . The worst he 'll do to women in this game is carjack them.This is a classic in my library .
 Try this one you will love it ... exciting , challenging , thrilling , music is awesome , very entertaining , you wo n't wan na get off the game . You start right where the movies leaves you off . It is a classy game done up right .
 This pack includes several chess programs and a six month membership in the Internet Chess Club . The ICC membership alone is worth the price of the software . The pack includes Chessmaster 4000 , an earlier version of the noted chess software series , a solid program for beginning and intermediate players . Also it has Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess , an outstanding program for children by America 's newest Grandmaster . His narration makes chess fun and exciting using solid graphics and lessons to get your child started the right way . These programs , plus Combat Chess and Grandmaster Chess Ultra make this package an tremendous value !
 I ordered this pack simply to try out combat chess . It 's a newer version of a very old game called battle chess . The pieces fight when they capture . Animation is good , and it makes the game humorous . The pack also includes Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess . This is probably my favorite because you get to watch actual chess games between Grandmasters ! Maurice comments on the moves and explains why they were made . I find it fascinating to watch the 13-year-old Bobby Fischer outwit his opponent by thinking 10-13 moves ahead . This program is good for children or beginner players because the first few lessons explain in detail how each piece moves , how the game is played etc. . . It is also good for higher-level players because the advanced lessons are good memory and logic exercises . For you windows 2000 users , these are the only two programs that will run . That is unfortunate , but they are 2 very good programs , and I would have still purchased this product if I knew that ahead of time .
 The chess advantage software package offered a fantastic selection of chess software for the begininer to intermediate chess player . I found Maurice Ashley teaches chess a fantastic way to learn the basic strategies and techniques of chess . Grand Master Chess also had some good audio / written tutorials -LRB- but I found the playing engines has some bugs in it -RRB- . Chess Master 4000 was a excellent playing program . And the intro membership to ICC was great ! Combat chess was fun to watch . . but of little value to helping you improve .
 This game was fun when i was 5 and its still fun now definitely worth the money ! It took a little long to get here then i 'm used to with amazon but still awesome
 This game is over the top silly action fun . And is even more enjoyable with 2 players . you will laugh your head off as after the play you can jump on top of the player and beat him up at will , Plus ITS AMAZING top 5 games ive ever played so please buy it now ! Very easy to pick up the controls and is a nailbiter , you will be on the edge of your seat every second you play what is `` NFL BLitz ! ''
 You like football ? and you like wrestling ? Well you will love this game . I dont really care for the football aspect casue its sort of mediocre to todays standards , ok they are n't so bad . But my favorite part of this game is the tackling the blitzing and the awesome cheats like big heads and i think there 's blood , you can stiff arm , dodge , spin jump , not to mention body slam , sack , that makes it super fun . This is a great multiplayer game , single player i cant beat , but overall awesome 2 player game .
 I purchased this product because I remember how I spent a lot of time playing it while I was younger . I remember how fun it was then , and wanted to recreate the magic of my childhood . It could n't hold a candle to the likes of football games now , like Madden , which sometimes takes football over the top and overdoes it . But in a very good way , NFL blitz is simple , anybody could pick it up and be a pro after a few games . This is the ultimate sit back and kill time game with friends . Yeah the graphics are from the last century , but that has never determined for me whether a game was fun or not . Highly recommended .
 This is a fun game ! The graphics are good , the game is easy to win , and the tackles are awesome . It is better than nfl Blitz 2000 , but it is slower than Nfl Blitz 2001 . I highly recomend this game .
 The blitz series in my opinion is the most action for a sports game yet . I like realistic , franchise , challenging games and war strategy games . But this game in my opinion is the best multiplayer game for Nintendo ever.GRAPHICSThe graphics are good but not in the realistic way.How hard is the Game Play?To put it simply this game play is easy in the way you will win 49-10 every game . The only way it is hard is if you are the worst team and the computer is the best team with hard playing by the computer in options.Bad mouthing?Don ' t get to excited because there is no swearing by players just comments from player to player that are mean after they make a tackle or make a nice catch or something.Play EditorIn blitz you can make your own plays even choosing if you want the player to fake at the time spin or even go faster . But the plays are n't always as successful as they seem when you make them.PlayersStatistical accuracy is preety much given two ratings which are -LRB- ... bad -RRB- and awesome so stat accuracy isnt that accurate . Each team only has their 10 best players on each team and for the rest of the positions are guards and things which play all the same . So there are only really the main players on the team.Game lengthThe length of a normal 2 min . a quarter game is about 15 minutes.OvertimeIn overtime you play for two minutes and the first team to score does n't win instead it 's the person who has the most points at the end of a quarter.P.S Sorry this was n't as detailed if you 've read my other reviews such as season ticket , madden 2001 , Ken Griffey Jr. , and Day trader . -LRB- Season Ticket is my best one so far -RRB-
 This game is just pure fun in general . The play control and graphics are what really stand out . If you want to save your progress during a football season , just be sure to buy a controller pak .
 I think NFL BLITZ is cool because you can throw far , jump high , run fast , and do flips on other players . It 's not a game where you run slow , ca n't jump , and the players do n't even look real ! In NFL BLITZ lok real , act real and the tackles look real too . The teams play well and the touchdown dances are awesome ! The codes are sweet you can have big heads , small heads , and infant . turbo and they say things to each other . You can even play in a tournament and that so concludes my NFL BLITZ review .
 This game has everything.It 's got sports , fighting , game stratagy , and some of the best back talking action I 've ever seen in a game like this.I highly recommend you play this game
 Nfl Blitz is one of the best sports games for N64 . It it full of intense two player action , and the season playing is awesome ! I 've gone 15-3 in a season . But only with about two years of practice . So it is really challenging . Overall , this is just a great game . You should buy it !
 Kids love playing the same games I was playing before they were born . game arrived in great shape and was without defect . Thank you . Booklet would have been a bonus though , but a requirement .
 NFL Blitz - it is an old game on an old system so it works almost as well as I hoped . It does cut out some during the playing of the game .
 Great classic game at a good price , love the action and old rosters . Fun to play with guys like Marino
 One of the best games ever to play against your friends . A top five game as far as the n64 was concerned . Its a game hat changes the football rules slightly while still holding the integrity of what the sport is . Just incredible as far as the fun factor goes . Definately a game that makes pulling the n64 out of the closet . Five stars all the way !
 It 's all here , the classic fun you remember from the NES days . Hit the targets break the windows run the bonus level . Maybe today 's kiddies do n't get it , but this is what fun was all about . Midway knew that ... if you like Rampage this is one of those hits that entertains . You do n't always have to be going somewhere and BEATING some quest ... some games are actually JUST FOR FUN ... not work .
 great blast from the past ! item was just as described and works perfectly ! i will buy from this seller again
 This game is fantastic ! If you enjoy strategic games instead of blowing up everything in sight , then this game is for you . This game will appeal to everyone from 3 to 300 .
 Dear Potential Buyer , I found Rampart for the Gameboy color to be a challenging , yet very enjoyable game . Heck folks , it 's a lot of fun ! If you are like me , a good breakdown of the game is always helpful.Graphics
 Rampart is one of the best hand-held games I 've ever seen . For those who remember the arcade edition , it 's faithfully reproduced -LRB- obviously no trackball , though -RRB- , and it works beautifully.For those who have n't played it , Rampart is a classic game of destruction and rebirth . It 's got that magic combination that really clicks - definitely a timeless classic.I would like to thank whoever ported Rampart to the Color Gameboy . Your gift to humanity will not be forgotten -LRB- by me , anyway -RRB- .
 If you 've ever played this game before , then you know what to expect . So to you folks , it 's just what you think it 's going to be like ! For those who have never played Rampart it goes a little like this
 I have n't seen any port to Gameboy that so matched the arcade game as well as this one . I rented the game , expecting the worst , and am so pleased I 'm buying a copy . Even the shouting voice telling you to `` Surround Castle to Stay Alive ! '' is right where it ` sposed to be . Sure the graphics are small , and that direction pad is nothing like the trackball of the original , but the gameplay is just right . If you 're like me , and still think the best arcade games are gone -- shucks , I dated my wife by dropping quarters together in arcade machines -- but you somehow have two or three gameboys sitting around when the little rugrats are asleep , I think you 'll be happy with this game .
 This game is a blast ! You get some cannons , you get a castle and then the boats attack . After a timed period of battle where you are trying to sink ships while they are trying to knock down your castle walls , you get a chance to rebuild , but you have to do it fast . This is one great strategy game . It 's not good for little kids , but adults wo n't be able to put it down !
 This is a great game for the game boy . It looks great , has a lot of action , and requires a quick mind to set up and defend your castle . It is quite hard though , even on easy settings , and takes a long time to master and get good at
 Both games are astoundingly authentic . The graphics are reasonably faithful to the originals , and the game-play is just as addictive . They even use samples of the original arcade sound effects , providing a wonderfully nostalgic touch . Having been a big fan of both games back in the 80 's , I was very pleased with the results of this port .
 Sony 's Playstation controllers have always been reliable and durable in my experiences ... and the Dual Shock is no exception . The Dual Shock is basically the same thing as the original Playstation controller designed a few years ago , except it has the two analog sticks . This brings me to my only complaint about the controller . The two analog sticks add some weight to the controller and get in the way of rapid button combination pressing in games like Tekken 3 , and especially Capcom 's fighting games -LRB- I think the whole analog idea is n't necessary anyway -RRB- . So if you are used to the regular Playstation controller , the Dual Shock may take some time to adjust to . It 's still a lot better than most other controllers on any current console system .
 This is really great . There are 2 analog sticks and this thing vibrates !! That so kool . If you you do n't want it to vibrate , you could turn it off in the option mode of the game . And it is compatable with all PlayStations !
 This controller is awesome . The buttons are quick responding and it looks really kool .
 This is a great controller ... just like the gray controller that comes with a regular Playstation , but redesigned a bit and is made for the PSone -LRB- note logo in the middle -RRB- . One thing . Do n't buy other brand controllers . My friend had a Mad Catz controller and when he came to my house we could n't play two of my games 'cause his controller did n't work with them . I guess it 's Sony 's way of saying , `` Use our console , buy our stuff . '' Spend a bit more money on this controller to ensure 100 % compatability.Great Controller . If you need an extra controller , this is the one to get .
 This controller which comes with the PSOne is great and because it 's made by Sony , you ca n't go wrong . But if you have to buy a second controller , why not buy the Dual Shock 2 for PS2 . It 's backwards compatible , all analog and made by Sony . It 's also in a black colour which I prefer .
 I have owned about twenty Playstation , Playstation One , and Playstation Two controllers . Only five of them were Sony made controllers . Those are the only ones still working one-hundred percent . They are slightly more expensive then most controllers , but over all you save money from haveing to rebuy the cheaper ones . If you are looking for a new controller I recommend getting this one , or any other Sony made controller .
 This controler is not as bulky or big as X-Box , not as weird as the game cube and is the same as the PS2 . Over all its confortable , easy to use and not to expensive .
 Sony Did it again !! With the vibration feature built right in it !! You May think it is a lot of money but it is worth it !! Do n't by the third party products -LRB- madcats , nuby , interact , etc. -RRB- they sometimes will mess up your console . It has happened to me .
 I 've had both Playstation brand controllers and many controllers made by other companies . One thing I 've noticed consistantly is that the Playstation controllers outlast the others by about 10:1 . No joke . The only time I 've ever seen one break is after it 's been thrown by some angry gamer . I 've had one of these for 5 years already and I 'm still using it on my PS2 even now . Do n't beleive the -LSB- stuff -RSB- people tell you , this is a good controller .
 I received my Sony Playstation Dual Shock Controller very fast ! It arrived very early and it works just fine for my Playstation one . Very satisfied with the service and product .
 Awesome price , I got the actual Sony PS one controller was surprised at how much I paid works with the PS2 has vibration and everything I wish I could afford like 2 or 3 more just to have in case this one gets worn out or I break it .
 Klax . . as timeless as Tetris and Columns . Ported from system to system over the years , it 's made a try at the Gameboy Color system . The graphics are dark , the brown tiles are hard to see -LRB- they blend in with the background of your drop-bin -RRB- , and the gameplay gets furious . You have to love Klax to love this game , but I 'd have to recommend Tetris DX first . The game remains true to its name , and there 's nothing really new here except for a ` freestyle mode ' where you do n't play the game level by level -LRB- where you 're required to make certain kinds of ` klaxes ' or reach a point limit or use up a certain number of tiles before you can advance to the next level -RRB- , but instead just play for points until your game is over . It 's a decent game overall , and good for a quick diversion , but again , I would recommend adding this brain-game to your library if you know you already like Klax , and if you 've already got -LRB- or ca n't find -RRB- Tetris DX .
 If you like games like Tetris , you 'll love Klax . I 'm currently on my second Klax cartridge , having given my first to a friend because I could n't put it down ! I did n't last long without it , although it took me a while to find another . It 's always challenging and has great graphics , however it 's a little dark -LRB- I find that a worm light helps -RRB- . I have n't used any of my other games in months , if that tells you anything !
 as soon as I got this game I started playing . It 's awsome ! all you do is destroy buildings ! my favorite character is lizzie.It 's really fun to kick people and make them fly it 's also fun to eat them ! I really like the levels where you are flying you can get lots of points and when you die and start to shrink just press start ! I highly reccomend this game !!!
 This game has tons of levels so you will keep on playing . You do n't have to spend your money on super easy games . The fun just keeps on going on and on and on . Instead of paying $ 400 a year just on gameboy games just because they are all so easy just pay one small amount on this game .
 I 've found that the software proves as a good study tool . It comes in two disks . `` Comton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- and `` The Complete Multimedia Bible -LRB- KJV -RRB- In the first , the Text is great -LRB- NIV -RRB- and the commentarries are what I would expect from Zondervan . The program is very easy to use . And comes with a guided tour to help out . I 've never been able to get the On-Line feature to work -LRB- it looks like they are trying to push AOL -RRB- , but , I 've got enough material to sift through on the CD 's alone . I did find that the `` Complete Multimedia Bibe '' -LRB- KJV -RRB- is really dated . The interface seems `` DOSish '' compaired to `` Compton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- '' I find that I do n't use the `` Complete Multimedia Bible '' as much as the other . I have found that Amazon sells `` Compton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- '' seperatly .
 Zondervan tops the market once again with this software . Use as a study guide or as a companion to other references . This software gives you the richness of The Written Word of God and the creativity of technology to help the user gain a deeper understanding of scripture.There 's more to The Written Word of God than reading it , there 's understanding on a personal level . How can a person live the Word , if he/she ca n't understand it ? That 's where Zondervan steps in ! The people of Zondervan has tailored this software to be as user-friendly as a water-faucet handle ! I recommend this to software to anyone who has a thirst for knowledge .
 I don not understand the negative reviews on this product . As a multimedia Bible , Compton 's -LRB- now Zondervan -RRB- is probably the best moderate priced computer Bible on the market . Superlative and intuitive multimedia presentation combined with the very readable and accurate NIV Bible text plus commentary gives the average reader and excellent online Bible -LRB- sure is more fun than the standard book form -RRB- ! From papyrus to codex to computer , the Bible can never die as the Word of God . Compton 's Interactive NIV is proof of it - enjoy this Bible for the tech age !
 This CD has filled my exact needs . It was shipped very promptly , I received it in about 4 days after I placed my order . I am well satified in the seller RainbowDreams4us .
 The above title is not a humourous reference to all the sex , violence , genocide , etc. contained in the Bible -LRB- although it could be -RRB- , but to the fact that some of the commentary in one of the two cds -LRB- the Complete Multimedia Bible -RRB- is extremely unscholarly and manages to preach some of the intolerance found in more conservative churches . In contrast , the Compton 's Bible cd goes for a more positive , inspirational angle . The Compton 's is superior in numerous other facets . It has better design , better art/music/etc , a better translation -LRB- sure , the King James version is nice and flowery but that gets in the way of reading and understanding it -RRB- , and contains all the good multimedia of the other cd , pretty much rendering the other cd redundant and useless , and I believe it can be bought on its own . Therefore , imagine you are just buying one Bible cd when you try to decide if the price is worthwhile or look for the Compton 's on its own.The Compton 's cd does have some interesting historical insight , but it is also designed with Christians in mind , so it does n't go into controversial history . If you really want to study the Bible -LRB- as it now exists -- it does not contain any of the deletions that resulted from the Council of Nicea -RRB- , you should therefore also still try to obtain a more unbiased book from someone not just trying to support or debunk the book -LRB- Asimov 's guide is a good choice -RRB- , but even if the Compton 's is n't the best at outlining the Bible 's history , you still need a copy of the actual text , and this cd with its search engines , pleasant music -LRB- classical/middle eastern -RRB- , beautiful artwork , timelines , maps , etc. , make this a nice form in which to own a Bible .
 So.Mortal Kombat.I just happen to be an expert on the series . -LRB- not bad for a short little ten-year-old -RRB- But to be specifec , I , m talking about MK3 for game boy.Great game on gbc and gba , but lacks something -LRB- like color -RRB- in the plain gb.but the fact you can earn characters -LRB- it 's actually more like a character -RRB- is great , considering mortal kombat 4 . plus you dont need a game shark to do codes.Its fun and not to hard to play.if you think this game is cool , just wait 'till one comes out on gba !
 Mortal Kombat 3 is a good game if you are really into fighting kind of games . If you like the last series of Mortal Kombat , then I think you 'll like this one .
 If you like action and great moves , then this is your game . The game is entertaining and definitely worth the money . I would recommend this game to all who love fighting games .
 The best one in the portable line of Mortal Kombat . Most argue that the second one surpasses all , well as unfortunate as it is , I have n't played it yet , but when I do , I will be sure to get a review up on it . Thats neither here nor there , so lets just finish this review on the third one.GRAPHICS - The game definatly shines here , but you ca n't tell the difference between sektor and cyrax at the fighter selection screen . The backgrounds are nicely done , and the character models are top notch.SOUND - The weak point of the game , indifferent sound effects , but an almost identical score to the console versions of the game , oh and thats a major compliment.GAMEPLAY - The best part of the game is it 's great playability , perfect for on-the-go gameing . The special moves are somewhat hard to do if you do n't know when to do it , because you 'll get counter-attacked real quick if you do n't watch it.In conclusion , its a great game that if you have n't already check it out , you should .
 This game is pretty fun I 've played every Mortal Kombat on Game Boy.And This is the best one in my opinion I know some people say Mortal Kombat 2 is , but MK 2 does n't have BLOOD and GORE and is n't rated MATURE.To let you know this game is a bit slow but still is fun , there is NO 2 player link up.The graphics are pretty good for Game Boy the music is n't the best in the world but its tolerable not annoying.The fatalities are pretty sick and and some are GRUESOME.This game is worth you 're money so order NOW !!! * NOTE * This game is a bit fustrating at times .
 I do n't have it yet but hearing all these reviews are making me get it I have ultimate mortal kombat 3 I think its great so I think this will be too .
 It is the best game , get it , the graphics are OK but the gaming is nice , if you like fighting games this should be in your gameboy , it is a great game for kids I love it !!!!! the fighters in the game are Liu Kang , Sonya Blade , Jax , Raydon , Scorpion , Cyrax , Kabul , Kano , Motaro , Night Wolf , Kung Lao , Sub-zero and a bunch of others -LSB- ... -RSB- and last thing get it it i so fun .
 this is the best game
 Moon Patrol is a great , faithful rendition of the original arcade classic . Drive your bouncy moon jalopy along , blasting obstacles and jumping over pits , blowing pesky UFO 's out of the sky.I found that the game is hard to play if there 's any glare at all - many of the important features on the screen are hard to see . The bombs that the UFO 's drop on you are especially hard to see if you 're not playing somewhere with good lighting and minimal glare . Another disappointment is that the cartridge does n't have a battery , so it wo n't save high scores or record time.Spy Hunter is a waste . The controls are very awkward even if you do n't use the special weapons . When you add in those weapons , trying to pull off something like B + left arrow for one thing versus B + up arror for another is just pointless.If you fondly remember Moon Patrol and have decent vision , you 'll have a great time . If you 're hoping for a good version of Spy Hunter , well , you wo n't find it here .
 I bought Moon Patrol and Spy Hunter for the GameBoy Color from this vendor and it arrived fast and in excellent condition . I am very pleased with my purchase . These games are great classics and fun to play for all ages . The smaller format of the GameBoy make them a bit harder to play than the original arcade versions , but you ca n't beat the charm of a classic and the portability of GameBoy . Nice for me to slip back to the past , and fun to share with my 10 year old .
 ... trust me shoppers this is a good game exept the boss at the end is a little too hard but hey what game does n't have a hard ending boss exept that castlevania game for playstation but it is a good game for kids who like the movies . by the way the graphics are good ...
 Talk about a strange marriage . Mortal Kombat , the media 's favorite whipping boy when it comes to showing how violent videogames can get , meets the world 's most popular game platform for kids . Of course , we 're talking Game Boy here , so do n't expect copious levels of gore and violence in the first color handheld incarnation of the arcade fighting hit . Let 's face it , with its merely average fighting system , the Mortal Kombat series owes a great part of its success to the fact that it combined fast action with over-the-top violence and buckets of blood . But how does this translate to the Game Boy ? In order to reach a broader handheld audience and receive a Teen rating from the ESRB , Midway had developer Digital Eclipse -LRB- is there any game these guys are n't programming ? -RRB- tone down the gore level to a minimum . Gone are the puddles of blood from the arcade and console MK4 incarnations and we 're left with bare-bones `` kombat '' before drab backgrounds with short `` FMV '' fatality sequences that are little pay-off for braving the game 's boring fights . The eight characters that made the cut from the original MK4 's 15 + are recognizable , thanks to the large , tricolored sprites and the animation is n't bad . But the large sprites have their price and the game just does n't feel smooth , fast and responsive enough to call itself MK4 . Running is easily executed by holding A and B , A throws a punch and B triggers the kick , while the Start button blocks attacks -LRB- if you can reach it without hurting your thumb -RRB- . Entering key commands to pull off some of the few -LRB- and rather unspectacular -RRB- special attacks is simple . Three strokes do the job for the special moves and a maximum of four commands on the directional pad unleash each character 's fatality on a stunned opponent . In the sound department , MK4 disappoints with annoying `` percussive '' tracks and weak sound effects , but at least the game spits out a few amusing voice samples , such as `` Fight ! '' and the ubiquitous `` Fatality ! '' Sadly , MK4 does n't support link-up gaming , which means you can only beat up on the computer . To make thing worse , the computer AI in the one-player mode is simply laughable and fails to present a serious challenge to any Game Boy fan . While it may appeal to die-hard Kombat fans , everyone else is best advised to skip this below average pocket fighter . I enjoyed Mortal Kombat 4 on the console systems quite a bit , but the Game Boy version just does n't cut it for me . Playing alone with an overly limited set of moves against a dumb computer drone gets old real quick . The inclusion of lots of Kombat Kodes is nice , but it 's just not enough to energize this lifeless port .
 IT is hard ! But it is fun . Ive had it for a year and still have not beaten it ! But for those who love the movies bye the game or rent it first . There are not many fighters to choose from and my favorite one reptile you have to enter a code to get . I think you should get the game is you have played it and like it . The graphics are not as good as nintendos . but the color is a good thing !
 This game is really cool , a game that any gamer should have . Although you do n't have many players to choose , this Mortal Kombat tournament will thrill you.Classic Mortal Kombat moves mixed with some new Mortal Kombat gameplay style ... this game rocks !!!
 I 'm gon na start out with this , `` so much violence on GBC its absolutly crazy ! '' I mean that with every fiber of my being . Whats that ? you do n't understand ? let me explain ... GRAPHICS - Strange as it is , the graphics are n't up to par with its more than successful big brother , MK3 . The violence I mentioned earlier comes from the full motion video fatalities that MK4 has to offer . The videos are about 4 seconds long , and return to humble beginings with black and white picture.SOUND - Same old same old , bones cracking , people screaming , the usual . The game does have some pretty nifty voice acting on the part of the announcer.GAMEPLAY - Limited movement , and a rather quick frame rate , wierd blend , but it works . Fatalities are easy to pull off so do n't let me hear `` I never could pull that one off . `` In conclusion , its a great addition to anyone 's GBC library , and if you do n't have it , GET IT !!!!!
 This is a fantastic game if you want a quick footie fix . The graphics are great for a hand held . The stadiums , crowd noise , and crowd response to events are very realistic . I only wish there was a deeper manager mode like the full versions . You can play a season as any team in any league but you can not make transfers during the season . Also there are no cup competitions being played during your season . You can play for any cup but as a separate game . Other than that this is a must have for any serious footie fan . There is nothing like squeezing in a quick match between meetings at the office .
 This is my favorite soccer game on the psp but i still do not care for it that much . It is hard just like all of the other ones but not as hard . The graphics r good becides when u score a goal and it has a close up of whoever scored it . It has more teams than the older ones and the game play is allot better . The fouls get called allot eaiser on this one too so that is a problem for me . After u tell the person how hard to kick it it takes them ever to kick it so the other team ends up getting it . It is harder to dribble around people on this one but when u do u usually score a goal allot eaiser . This game is good but i like the ones on other systems better .
 If you 've played any of the FIFA games of the past , this one keeps up with the rest . The game play is basically the same and graphics are impressive given that the PSP is not as powerful a system as some others.One thing to note , the juggling aspect is pretty cool . Gives you a break from dominating your season . When you are juggling , the screen actually turns upright . Not a bad thought on FIFA 's part .
 It has great features , all the right jerseys and players.online is pretty fun . The season is pretty much the same as all fifa games . But on gameplay , it doesnt come close to beating winning eleven . If i was you i would just wait till early Febuary and buy winning eleven 9 for the psp . It will be much funner and better . And by the way the camara angles werent bad . 3in-a-half stars
 I purchased this game from a local store , and was AMAZED by how much they have upgraded their old game , FIFA 05 , to such an amazing graphical interface . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the sport of soccer .
 Wow , good graphics , and great game . I 'm a soccer fanatic so I bought this game thinking to have it just to keep my soccer rep. but instead this is the best game ever , you 've got everything a soccer game should have plus you 've got awsome multiplayer . This is a great game and you shoud buy t if you like sports
 this is a pretty fun game if you 're in the mood just to destroy tuff . there really is nothing to this just destroying buildings . it get boring in a while but it 's fun .
 This game is the best game it rocks hard . this game should get 1,000,000 stars I like it . by BRADEN D.
 I LOVE THIS GAME . First of all I love the charachters.My favorite is the hidden guy , Batra.He can do fireballs , sharp claw , and can fly . My favorite minigame is death match.I allways want my sister to do it since she does n't know how to play , I beat her all the time .
 This Game Is The Best In The World . It 's Awesome -LRB- if you like destroying things , but hey , who doesnt ? -RRB- It 's Worth The Money !
 Dont buy this game it is fun for the first2 days and after thatit gets so boring i mean you dont even acomplish any thing forabout 300 levels . you should save your money for jamesbond orsomething .
 In the game u choose to play as one of 3 different monsters , a giant lizard , wolfman , and a king kong like charachter . The object is simple , destroy and eat as much as possible . In each level you have a number of buildings to destroy while being shot at by army troops . The graphics and animation in this game are trully eye pleasing , nothing like the old arcade 's 16 color scheme . And if you get bored of destroying buildings , take it out on one of your partners , punch them , kick them in the groin , or a jump kick to the jaw . Its just plain fun !
 Rampage World Tour takes the classic Rampage series into 64 bit form and they did a good job of doing it . The graphics and effects in the game are superb , while the control , sound , and fun factor is also good . However , like all the Rampage games , it might get boring after you go through so many cities because it 's just the same old formula over and over . But if you get bored just destroying buildings , helicopters and eating people , you can always fight your friend.If you like destroying stuff or if you 're a loyal fan to the Rampage series , this would be a good game to get .
 If you are going to play this game with friends often , it is a fun one to have . You get to run around and break things -LRB- as well as put a beat down on the other guy -RRB- . As a one player game , though , it gets old fast . Graphics are n't bad , and sound is mediocre . The 4 star rating is for if you plan to play with friends . By yourself , I would give it about 3 .
 If you destroy things this game will take your destroying skills to new heights ! Choose between 3 characters and a special bonus character and start destroying the whole world!If you also like to have special powers this is a game for you ! So order or buy today !
 Game came in working order and brought back heaps of nostalgia while playing it . It 's not the best N64 game out there in regards to storyline and play modes - infact there 's not much you can really do in this game , but that 's not why I bought it . Regardless , it 's still a fun time wasting game to play alone or with friends .
 Having a bad day ? Do you feel like destroying the world ? Now you can without creating your criminal record . Just plug `` Rampage World Tour '' into your Nintendo 64 , choose from one of three characters
 This game is amazing , wether its a backwards flip or a nose grab you perform , the excitement just keeps on cooming . A must for `` Extreme Sports '' lovers .
 ... like a previous reviewer said , I do n't know how to beat the shocker on level six so I am stuck ! However , before that the game was really fun . I am now searching the internet for tips on beatig him . It 's REALLY frustrating , that 's why I only gave four stars .
 This game was very very very very fun to play the best thing about the game is that either sexes can play it . a very good buy .
 This game is realy cool ! I got it for my birthday . it kicks.If you like action games this games is for you1
 this has to be the best game i 've bought for gameboy in a while.it has alsome graphics and great gameplay.you can fight many of spiderman 's arch enemys like the vulture/shocker/green goblin/the hunter/and many more villans.i definatly gave this game 5 stars .
 Starting back with the first Spiderman adventure for Gameboy color I have played all of Nintendo 's spiderman games . All of them have been great and this is no exception.What I liked best was the brand new style they gave Spidey . It sets it apart from it 's predocessors . And apart from a few lackluster bose battles -LRB- which are all original -RRB- there is great gameplay to be found . The makers do n't delve too much into the big plot points of the movie but the story comes along nicley . Add that to tuns of secretrs to unlock and you have a unbeatable combination . Ca n't wait till Spideys next adventure .
 This is a great game with good graphics and bosses.The only thing bad I can say about this game is that I do n't know how to beat Shocker on level 6 .
 Did you ever dream about being a super hero and swing from place to place as spider-man ? Well if you did your dreams are about to come true . And the bosses are getting harder and harder as you go . As you beat Vulture you face Kraven as the next boss . Beat Shocker and face against Green Goblin for the first time . Later Scorpion appeares . Beat him and face M.E.C.H. Beat this big HK robot and Kraven comes back . Fight bad guys and get to the Kraven for information on the Green Goblin . And last defeat Green Goblin in a hand to hand duel .
 This game is amazing in terms of graphics -LRB- It actually features scenes and screenshots from the movie ! -RRB- and controls , but the game starts off quite easy and gets nearly impossible from there . In fact , later in the game -LRB- level 6 or so -RRB- , you will be forced to stand/stick to a half-inch sized spot on one wall , then you will be required to move from this safe spot to another across the level , in true spider-man acrobatic style , in perfectly timed gymnastic form ; dodging enemies , robots , electric fences , steam blasts , subway cars , and falling rocks ... and usually these are all present at the same time ! Even with controls as good as this , the timing required to do these things can only come from two things ; tons of practice , and tons of luck . Still one of the better games for the system though ...
 I have the same game for Playsation 2 , too , but this one is far better -LRB- ! -RRB- . Wonderfull levels , amazing action , and a great Green Goblin -LRB- enemy -RRB- . The game 's plot is preety much the same as the movie it was based on : Peter Parker is a shy but A class student . One day he is bitten by a geneticaly enchanged spider that gives him super-powers . First he uses his powers to make money . But one day he watches a thief chased by a cop and he does n't do anything . Later that night Peter 's uncle is killed by the same thief!So Peter becomes a super-hero with his uncle 's words in his mind - '' With great powers comes great responcobility '' .
 all right all right , its two dimentional , but gameplay still rules . Its better than I thought it would be but Kraven 2 is flippen ' hard . sound is good , graphics are O.K. but I was a little dissapionted that the only attack webs are limmated .
 If you ever played spider-man games this is one of the greatest ! It is so awsome . As you start playing you ca n't put it down . And another cool thing is that as you play you get movie shots and other spidey stuff . Activion really worked on this one . Anyone who likes good action and adventure should really get this one , it just rules !
 why is this game fun , because you get to face off against six bad guys Green Goblin , Kraven the Hunter , The M.E.C.H , Scorpion , Vulture , and Shocker.You get to earn secrets like level select and pictures from the movie.You have 11 levels to play on and some more where you web spin accross the city.This is a very good game for Game Boy Advance .
 I am 6 years old . The Spider-man game boy is awesome . You can go far when you get good at it . I like to fight the bad guys , the shockers and the karate guys . Santa brought it to me and it makes me feel good .
 this game is good i like thats its a bit challenging at times even for a mediocre player like me if you try hard enough you will get through i like beating the bosses and this game has it all i like 2d games also i encourage you to get wolverines revenge for the gba as well good memories
 Spider man is fun for me tell you get to let 's say the 4th level . But It is a good game . The most challengeing level is the 2nd one . Here you can try to get out a collapsing building . Just remember to watch out for the bad guys . The sound is awsome . Unlike Pacman collection you can save your score and save the game . The color is nice exept in a dimm room It 's hard to see without a GBA worm light -LSB- And I can see frogger in the same room -RSB- . You need a plan to get into level 5 -LSB- which I have n't figured out yet -RSB- because you need stratgy to get to level 5 and keep your helth up . Kids under 6 probaly need to wait a year or two . In this game you can live the movie and have a ball .
 This game is really fun on the Game Boy Advance . While it may not have the graphics of the bigger game systems it does sport that awesome SNES graphics for this highly addictive and fun Spider Man game . Spiderman moves like you would n't believe . He 's nimble , fast , and has really great lookin moves and techniques . My personal favorite being the swing down -LRB- r + A -RRB- If you loved the movie -LRB- like I did -RRB- and have the awesome toys -LRB- like I do -RRB- this is the obvious next step to living out your fantasy of being the world 's favorite wall crawler . The game is also challenging so it will give you your 40 bucks worth . It 's also fun to collect the Gold Spiders and take pictures during the game . I do n't see why anyone would give this game a bad rating , its adventure/action gaming at it 's best . A rare Gem for the Game Boy Advance.P.S . The reason it does n't contain the cooler villians such as Lizard , Doc Oc , Venom , or Carnage is because they may be used in future films and future Movie Games . BUT at least it has Green Goblin !
 If you loved the first one , then im really sure youll love the next one . It has some drawbacks . First , its music . The music is a little bit bland . Its graphics are not as realistic as the first one , nevertheless its cool . It has a whole load of good stuff . Its has clips from the movie . Spiderman has more moves , and it feels like you are spidey himself . Like in the old batman shows , those words boom , zap , crack , or bop or pop up when you hit the villains . No that i mentioned villains , theres a bunch of them . Basically it comes down to this . . ITs a better , definitely longer , and way cool game . Includes battery save . JUST GET IT !! You wont regret .
 If you loved Spider-Man Mysterio 's Menace You 'll Love this game ! It has outstanding graphics , challenging levels , and easy-to-use controls!It could keep you busy a whole airplane ride!It is just like the comic book and has old villins like Shocker , Scorpion , Kraven , Valture , and of corse the movie villin , Green Goblin.You wo n't regret buying this game.Play it and you 'll see !!!
 if your a spidey fan you got ta chaeck this one out ! with enough gameplay to keep you busy and villians like the green goblin and others this is one game you got ta get !
 Spider-man is the greatest game boy game you could possibly make!The only thing I do n't like is its to short I beat it in like one week but its still cool cause you can still play the game over and over . And after you beat the game you get level cheat were you can skip levels . And if you beat the game with over 15000 points you get super strength . I recomened this game if you like spiderman or not . This game will make you love spiderman .
 This game was so cool , and it has variety of enemies so you wo n't get bored with this game . And this game sure will make you addicted -LRB- in a good way of course . -RRB- Anyway , what I 'm trying to say was that this came was really COOL ...
 I bought this game and beat it in only three hours because I cheated using an Action Replay which does n't work anymore . I beat the game without cheats and now I 've unlocked the level cheat . I ca n't seem to be able to get the Armor Upgrade or the strength enhancement . It 'd be better if you could play as Green Goblin in the GBA version . I 'd suggest buying this game for the other consoles . I like the PC version better .
 This game is just a bunch of punching bad guys and searching for the way to go . It is easy to get stuck at a hard boss in this game , because you have to think in order to beat some of the bosses.In this game you will find you can do all the things spidey can do like crawl up walls and shoot webs . As for bad guys you have to get special webs to shoot them with.The graphics were good , but all in all I was disappointed in this game .
 this was not only the first gba game i ever purchased , but it still stands as my favorite . the graphics are incredible , especially for such a tiny screen . it 's a lot of fun to read the comics between levels , and beating the bosses is also fun and challenging . the music is even fabulous . anybody who loves spiderman will love this game . and even if he 's not your favorite super hero , i 'm sure if you gave this game a chance you would be swept away by the beaufitul detail and wonderful plot .
 I picked this up on a whim with a gift card . My DS was previously an on-again-off-again item for me , with emphasis on the off-again . I liked everything about it except having to hold the little pen for long periods . Anybody with carpal tunnel syndrome or the beginnings of it can tell you holding things like pens or chopsticks for long periods quickly becomes difficult and painful . This wrap-around stylus allows you to simply point with your favorite finger . One caveat
 This product includes a bendable stylus , screen protector , and a cleaning cloth.The screen protector is easily the best protector I have used . It is really easy to apply without any trace of air bubbles . The quality of the plastic is really high and not opaque at all , barely affecting screen colors.The cleaning cloth is also really good
 Sure , the comfort stylus is nice , but the true buy in this pack is the invisi-shield . Seriously , it is by far the best screen protector I have ever used . I have tried many others and nothing even comes close to comparing to the quality of this undiscovered jewel . I ca n't say a bad thing about it .
 After many months of suffering with the tiny ds stylus I figured I would look for alternatives . I 've seen this stylus in stores but I thought , `` nah this ca n't work . `` Finally one day I figured I would try it out . I was happy with the results . It was more comfortable than the tiny stylus . It takes a little time to adjust it so that it feels right.The only thing is when I had to write -LRB- brain age -RRB- it was a little difficult . But the beauty of this stylus is you can straighten it out and use it to write whenever you need to.I have n't used the screen protectors because I attempted screen protectors before and failed . But it is nice to have them just in case . The cleaning cloth is also nice .
 I have carpal tunnel issues . This is great ! I was skeptical at first that this would do any good but I like it ! I do n't have many accessories for my DS besides a case that included a pen like holder for the standard stylus . The pen stylus is no easier to hold . This gadget works!Best Buy brick and mortar had several of these in stock . Picked it last night with a Black DS for the Hubby . Best buy also has lots of DS lites in stock btw.The little cleaning cloth is nice and works . Now if I can just figure out how to get the screen savers on without ruining them like I did with the first batch that came with the case .
 I bought `` Broken Sword '' a few days ago and am still stunned by the cinematic quality of the sounds and views . This game is a dramatic departure from all the sprite/action games currently available on the Gameboy Advance
 This game really has everything for those of us who love old Sierra Quest games and Lucasarts adventures such as Monkey Island or Indiana Jones
 Broken Sword is a standard `` adventure '' game -LRB- eg . myst -RRB- delivered to the GBA and they 've done a fine job of it -LRB- with a few small exceptions -RRB- . As adventure games go this one is pretty straight forward and does n't require a mensa membership to make significant progress . The bulk of the tasks in the game are not too hard to figure out , yet there are a few stumpers in there as well.Gameplay is clear . You can move the main character around the current screen and either interact with other characters , manipulate objects , or go to other screens.The GBA rendering is nice . There are some dialog scenes which are easy to speed through if you wish although you occasionaly get critical information via dialog . There is one scene in which having the sound turned up might provide some value . Towards the end of the adventure , gameplay is not just puzzles but also reacting quickly to events.Some dislikes : - The game is good in that you are stuck in an area until to you solve that local puzzle . There is a bug in the game in which you can go to Spain before Syria which will cause you to get stuck in a scene without enough artifacts to get yourself out . - You can keep multiple games running but you have to go through some gyrations to copy games between the 3 memory areas.This is a good game to play and will definitely keep you entertained . It is easy enough to keep you engaged but hard enough to make you work for it .
 I really wish there were more games of this style for GBA -LRB- let alone any other video game platform -RRB- . If you like the wander and solve type of games like all of the classics from Sierra -LRB- King 's Quest , Space Quest , Quest For Glory , etc. -RRB- you will probably enjoy this one . The graphics are pretty good and all hand-drawn . Since alot of the colors are dark , a good white light is definetly needed -LRB- Worm Light -RRB- , but that 's a given for playing GBA at all I guess . The only problem is that there are a few glitches that I 've come across , forcing me to start all over again . I do n't know if its my GameBoy or my particular cartridge , but it was kind of frustrating .
 this game is my favorite one out of all the ones I own -LRB- 15 -RRB- it has a great sense of mystery adventure and a bit of humor.worth the price buy this item !!!
 Out of all of the handheld gaming systems , I did n't expect the Game Boy Advance to have a PC adventure game ported to it , much less this one.The recreation of the experience is somewhat faithful
 This is one of the best games I 've ever played , surely the best GBA game ever . You are `` George Stobbard '' , an American vacationing in Paris when you wittnes a bomb go off in a cafe . The plot really picks up when you discover that ring of assasins are tied into this , and a whole bunch of other neat stuff like scrolls and ancient goblets come into the picture . It 's like Indiana Jones meets Dick Tracy.The background is gorgeous , all hand drawn , the commentary is funny and witty , -LRB- press `` B '' on objects , some comments can be really hilarious like on the seats in the church in Paris -RRB- The plot can be surprisingly tense , and suspenseful , esspecially when you discover you can die , so save often.If you liked this game , I 'd definately suggest the book `` Saving the Queen '' by William F. Buckley , its just as good , but our hero is with the CIA and deals with some good old fashioned `` Cold War '' stuff , instead of Knights of the round table . Even if you do n't read much or dissagree with WFB 's politics , PLEASE READ !!! You do n't know what your missing .
 This game is very excellent.I say this because the graphics come out very good and you in Paris on a mission.You have to visit places and talk to people.Some people will give you true information , and some will give false leading you to traps and trouble.One other good reason is that the game is probaly be the most popular game for the GBA.This is also the way most GBA games should be made instead of very short levels that will get you trapped.The two problems with this game is that some places are too colorful and if you dont go to Syria and go to spain you will find yourself stuck , so you might want to go to Syria before you go to Spain.This game is very cool so you might want to get this game !!
 This game is way to hard!You dont get to fight at all.But there is this one part were this man will give you one of those things when you ask someone to shake your hand and they get shocked by the hand buzzer thats in your hand.Nobody shakes your hand when you ask them to on the game !!! It only works once on this man named Khan yhat wants to shake your hand before shooting you with his gun -LRB- He doesnt know you have a hand buzzer -RRB- . Doent by this game !!! It really sucks !!! ...
 Panzer Commander , the WWII tank simulation , is somewhat underrated within the software game genre . There are a few glitches -LRB- like AI that is randomly a bit slow -RRB- but they are more or less cleared up with the available patches . The graphics are not on par with Panzer Elite , but the realism of the game ; from the way your tank bounces across terrain or your gunner gets KIA 'd after a direct hit , makes up for it . Where it lacks in technical prowess , the game makes up for it with spirit and story line . This is good , dramatic , challenging game play!The game offers several modes of play . In campaign mode , you 'll find that at the harder levels you 'll struggle to keep your tank platoon alive while you complete your mission objectives . Each scenario follows a historically accurate order of battle . As the war progresses , you 'll be offered tank upgrades to deal with the ever-increasing technological advancements of your enemy . Most notable of the German campaigns are the Eastern Front scenarios . SSI did a good job of creating an accurate feel of warfare in Russia . Your heart will pound in anticipation as you sneak your Panzer around shelled out buildings in Leningrad , `` hunting '' for Russian T34 's and machine gun nests . If you 're UNLUCKY , your gunner might spot a mighty `` Iosef Stalin '' tank instead . Then you 'll have to get a bit too close for comfort and hope that you can mange a flank shot . Meanwhile , the clock is ticking , you 've got to breach the Russian defenses and secure the distant bridgehead for advancing German infantry . Playing for the Russian side , you can almost smell the desperation of your fellow tankers as you struggle to stop the furious onslaught of the elite `` Grossdeutschland '' or SS divisions . You 'll curse the Luftwaffe and the German artillery as shells and bombs rain down all around you . Terrain will become your best friend . Keep your T34 `` hull down '' and wait for an unsuspecting Panzer to expose his underside as he rushes up and over a nearby hill . As the war enters it 's later stages , you 'll experience the rush of expelling the German invaders from your country and pushing them towards their own borders . The hunters become the hunted . Just watch out for those 88 's ! The game also offers a single scenario mode . This will give you the chance to jump right into the action . Campaign mode is nice though as it gives the game a sense of continuity . You can play additional campaigns and single scenarios for the British and Americans as well . I found that the German and Russian campaigns were , however , the most challenging and exhilarating . Artillery and air support is present although you do not have control . The game also offers up a scenario editor so you can design your own scenarios . The game can also be played online . I 'm hoping at some point SSI will plan a Panzer Commander `` 2 '' . All in all , SSI designed a solid game that offers decent graphics and challenging artificial intelligence . The game is so cheap now ; you do n't have a reason not to buy it either . If I had to compare to another game as far as graphics and realism , I would have to say Microsoft 's Combat Flight Simulator is a good parallel . Now go out and get this game !
 It is a shame that such a fascinating and often captivating simulation is undermined by the lack of customer service . It is one thing to have to download patches -LRB- this is to be expected as problems arise in a Windows-platform environment -RRB- . But it is entirely another not to receive any response when contacting both the technical support and customer service departments of the manufacturer . Generally solid software is apparently supposed to make up for a complete absence of support and simple courtesy . But it does not .
 On Windows 98 this game was a dream to play . I had to use a joystick/game pad to get the tanks to move around better . It takes some doing and not getting yourself blow up all the time . This is multi tasking driving and you have to stop and shot and not do both like in modern tanks sims . Graphic is Ok and plain , you need a good eyes to spot the AT guns ready to pin you . Too bad they never updated it . I believe it runs on Win XP , but not sure about Windows Vista and Win7 . I think you need a speical program to allow you play on those OS . Their are some around I use them . Too bad I love the old DOS and Win95/98 games . Which I could play all my old favorites . Thye were simple and easy to play like this one . Never get tired playing it .
 Very good tank sim . If you like ww2 and tank sims get this game it is worth the cash .
 It 's kind of like the old one but they realy out did them selfs . The multi-player is very fun with a friend . There are about 100 levels .
 This is the sequel to rampage World Tour . It is a lot harder and impossible to beat with out the cheats . Not only can you not save as frequently on it . But you also do not have infident continues.It is a few year after the original incident . George Ralph and Lizz have bed captured . You can choose to play as one of 7 monster after passwords are entered . It called universl tour because unlike the first not all of it takes place on Earth . A small percent of game takes place in outer space.There are four new Monster in this one at the Begining you can play as three of seven monster . Boris a reall big strong but slow rhino . Rubby a giant crab a short of rip of Ebirath from Godzilla versus the Sea monsters . Curtis giant rat . Then Muckous a one eyed alien . You also can play as George , Ralph and Lizz after passwords are entered.I used to own this game on Nintendo 64 format but somehow I lost it . A good game if you enjoy this game I recomend Rampage 1 Wourld Tour and Rampage Warp Through time .
 My youngest likes some of the retro titles for the PS2 and Rampage is one of his favorites . We had a copy that would n't play anymore so I started searching and found a great copy ! I thought I would expand on the original with the sequel .
 What could be more satisfying that destroying buildings , eating people and going on a global rampage as a mutated monster?Enough said .
 This is a slick looking , ball dunking , in your-face basket ball game . But if you want a game with more depth , more options , and more players , than pick up NBA INSIDE DRIVE 2003 ! The blacktop is home to some of the best players in the world
 this game includes everything you would absolutely need for basketball . street hoops has the best graphics around and you always feel like your right in the game with all of the players.street hoops allows great modes for you to be involved in too . the bottom line is that on street hoops you will always have something exciting to get into .
 I bought this game off of bestbuy.com a couple of weeks ago and it is the most awesome basketball video game I 've ever played!tons of tight a $ $ moves -LRB- especially with players like future booger and hot sauce -RRB- and the illest-looking tattoos and jewelry I 've seen in a while.you got clothing to show off while you slamfrom GOAT gear , rocawear , snoop dogg 's line , sean paul , southpole , enyce , and others.and it 's a good challenge cos ' you got ta spend big change to get those tattoos , courts -LRB- including rucker , venice beach ,11 th & lombard , plus jamaican , puerto rican and courts in london.for real , man -RRB- , players , clothing accessories , and the and1 mixtapes and much more.lord ada ther court , world tournament , or just pickup , you bet money on your team and if they win in all the categories , you get major bucks to spend on the stuff I mentioned . a great game to buy with an alright soundtrack , though half the tracks are instrumentals.music vids are front 2 back , oohweee , make em say uggh , and lowrider.soundtrack has all those songs except oohweee , rollout by ludacris , who we be by DMX and lots of others.buy this game!out
 This is simply an outstanding game and that 's all there is to it . You get real street hoops players on real courts . The moves and dunks are mad real . Note to activision
 its just the way it should be . No jacked up animations or trails . This game kicks the -LCB- ball -RCB- out of nba street .
 This game is so serious.the graphics are excellent.i dont know how they made a game this good in 18 months.i played the demo in the august xbox magazine.if u ever saw the and 1 mixtapes and wished u could do those moves ... now u can.imagin going 1 on 1 up to 5 on 5 doing the hottest , craziest moves ever made . -LSB- insulting -RSB- people when u break their ankles with the killer crossovers.its a must buy.if u lik basketball or not u must buy this game.its not a simulation game . this game is the most fun game ever .
 Street Hoops is all out the best basketball game that 's not affiliated with the NBA . Like the statements before you can earn x-tra loot from the games you play by betting on your team and then you can purchase anything from clothing , jewelry , tats and haircuts . It 's better on the X-Box because you can play music that you have already copied on your system and play your music during a game . Good choice if you have any doubts !
 I absoulutley love this game . I just got my xbox with halo , street hoops , mlb slugfest , microsoft constroller s , and rf adapter . Lets get back to the topic . In this game you can unlock xzibit , lil romeo , master p , and I heard at cheatcc.com you can unlock bow wow . It is awesome how you can talk trash , give an elbow , play 1 on 1 through 5 on 5 , make you own character , win money and spend it on jewerly , shoes , clothes , and a hell of a lot more . I love this game just has much as halo and mlb slugfest combined in a way . Maybe in street ball 2 there will be drive bys and you have to duck or die but that 's a different story . You are a lover or non-lover of basketball get this game .
 I hate basketball , but for some reason i love to play basketball games on the consoles . This game aint like Inside Jam , its what is streetball , street attitude and street moves . Lots of fun , especially with four players . Controls are standard B-ball controls like Inside Drive but with some special freaky deeky moves to cut you way to the hole for the jizzam ! The graphics are good , nothing to write home about , but good enough . The scenaries are great and if there is anything lacking in this game the trash talking hard core play makes up for it all . I had the chance to play this on August version of Official Xbox Magazine , if you dont get this mag you should . Demos on it rock the hizzy !
 If you like NBA streets for the PS2 , your going to love this game.The idea of this game is just simply amazing.You actually get to wear name brand clothing.I just hope the create-a-player in this game is as good as the one in NBA Street.NBA Street 's was the best I 've seen ...
 This game is UNBELIEVEABLE !!! This is the best street ball game i have ever played in my life !!! NBA Street may have better graphics but it ca n't match up to Street Hoops ! It has WAY better moves , crosses , and its alot more fun aswell ! anyone with an Xbox , Playstation 2 , or Gamecube , if you like Basketball ... BUY THIS GAME NOW !!!!!!!!!!!
 Yo , this game is so awesome , i just rented it a couple of weeks ago and it is sick !! 1st off , you can go to footaction and get you some name brand gear like And 1 , Sean John , Fila , South Pole , etc. 2nd You can unlock street balla 's from all the And 1 mix tapes and do tight moves to break ankles . You can also bet money on your team and get some bling bling , tattos , and hair cuts . This game is the best street ballin ' game since NBA Street.Get It !!
 this game -LSB- kicks -RSB- it is worth ... itsome nice things in this game that u wish u could do in other bball gamesbuy it
 This is a fun game for Xbox , I love it and all I got is the demo , it make me want to sell my Inside Drive game and buy this . You can do all kinds of thing on this game from buying clothes to jewlery with the money you win . You can play with all of the And1 guys and other streetball players this game is a tight game and I am going to make sure that I get it next .
 THIS GAMEN IS RAW BECAUSE IT IS REAL TIHGT I ALSO HEARD YOU CAN WEAR NAME BRAND CLOTHES I LIKE AIR WHACK THAT IS TIGHT IF You TIGHT YOU GONE GET THIS GAME BECAUSE IT IS FOR BASKETBALL PLAYERS I USED TO BE GOOD AT BASKETBALL IN 1786 .
 I love this game . It reminds me of tetris
 quick delivery and product as described . I or should I say we are enjoying it .
 About three or four years ago , my parents forced me to sit down and work with this program until I could type fast . Thank goodness they did ! Now I enjoy computer programming , creative writing , and surfing the Internet at a much faster speed.I do n't have the speed of a professional typist , obviously , but including errors my typing speed is on average over one hundred words per minute . Parents - if you want to help your kids out , get them this or a later version of this program . I 'm not in high school yet , but I 'm already enjoying the benefits of getting my work done well and efficiently .
 This is generally a great program . The Games are fun -LRB- especially the road race -RRB- . What I do n't like about it is that in this one exercise where you 're supposed to type in time with a metronome , the metronome is completly off beat with the music that plays ! it makes it very hard to keep time with the metronome and not the music !
 I am 16 years old now . I use Mavis Beacon when i was about 9 for a few months . I felt like it was n't working so i stopped and perodically did it once in a while until i was 10 or 11 . I am now in the 10th grade . I have never taken a computer class or typing class in school and I type at 56 adjust words per minute . People ask me how i learned to type as fast as i do at a young age . When i was in the 6th grade i typed at about 40 adjust wpm . which is still pretty good ! It may seem like it 's not working but in the long run you 'll start to type while watching tv etc. . As a matter of fact , I 'm looking at the tv right now as I type this review . lol ! This program is GREAT ! It really works , especially for younger kids . It 's not hard at ALL and has really great games . It may be a challenge at first but soon you 'll be typing much faster than when you start to use it . I HIGHLY recommend this program . It is VERY good !!!!
 This is a fun program and yields immediate results . My children could n't wait to give it a try and I have high hopes that given a little more time , they will make huge progress towards being effiecient typers ! I had fun too ! It employs your competitive spirit to do a little better the next time - addictive .
 It 's fun ... i 've gotten almost up to the hardest level of the touch-typing . There are many games that help you learn to touch-type , yet they are fun . There are many courses to go through , and you have to always sign in as a WHATEVER user . Do n't be fooled by its ' cover , it looks wierd , but once you start typing , you ca n't stop !!!!
 about 7 years ago while I was a junior high school student , I learned to type using this software -LRB- the earlier version , of course -RRB- on my Apple Performa 580 .
 Space Invaders is back from the past and is juiced-up to the maximum Game Boy Advance capabilities . Your enemies are now 3D mega-villians with enhanced firepower . The game contains superb special-effects along with a fun and challenging 2-Player Mode . You are now equipped with a laser beam , flamethrowers , and a powerful neutron blast to blow your enemies away . Along with all these new features , there are also bonus power-ups and special weapons unique to each world that you can get by accomplishing certain tasks in the game . And if you ever get bored of the new and improved version of the game -LRB- which is almost impossible -RRB- you can always play the arcade original that has n't been changed at all .
 Wow ! I always disliked the origonal version of space invaders . . . . but the new version kicks ... ! The graphcis just blew me alway , there are many , and I mean many levels , and diffenet types of enemies cappable of different things ! There are even bosses ! I is great with the new power-ups you can get or get a special type of weapon every time you kill 4 of the same aliens in a row ! This game will stay in my heart and my gameboy ! -LRB- also inclues the origonal version and can ply 2 player ^_^
 THIS IS A GREAT GAME LOTS OF FUN TO PLAY PLUS ITS A COLLECTORS ITEM TO IT COME WITH TWO SPACE INVADERS THE NEW VERSION AND CLASSIC SPACE INVADERS THE OUTSIDE OF THE GAME WAS VERY CLEAN BUT THE INSIDE OF THE GAME WAS DIRTY SO I CLEANED IT AND AFTER THAT IT WORKS GREAT NOW ITS BRAND NEW I STILL THINK THIS IS A GREAT SELLER ITS A USED GAME THAT LOOKS BRAND NEW
 Space Invaders rocks !!! The cool 3-D graphics are so cool ! I have it for Game Boy Advance SP . I got all the way through the game and won !!! It is a great game to play !
 The graphics are good and the game is fun but the game gets a little boring . It 's a good game but like I said , it 's ok
 Sure the graphics are n't stunning but for some unexplicable reason this game is just plain fun , I have n't yet treid out multiplayer but I know that the regular game is really fun !
 i bought this game for my grandson , and my grandaughters fight him for it . they just love it . They are ages 5 to 9 so is a kids game .
 Ape escape 3 pits you against Specter , a devious monkey plotting to take over the world . You must capture his tiny minions using a net , defeat several bosses , and then defeat the evil Specter.Overall the game is very nice for young kids -LRB- mine , age 5 , loves it -RRB- . The game play is straightforward and the mechanics are simple . There are many different costumes that give the player special abilities , and these are also fun . There are some monkeys , and most of the bosses , that are too difficult or scary for beginners to face alone . This gives parents an opportunity to share gaming with their kids , though I wish there was a way to skip the bosses or turn down the monkey aggression.I also liked it because there is a strong female lead character , so rare in games.There is some violence directed at the monkeys and their attack robots , but no blood , killing , etc. . Some of the costumes for Yumi , the female lead , are shockingly sexist . Little kids wo n't notice , but it does n't help , either . If I have to put up with the sexism to get my daughter to like gaming , I shall -LRB- for now -RRB- . She 's inspired by Yumi and loves to imagine that she is going to defeat me , the evil Specter .
 This is really a fun game ! I personally have been a RPG gamer for as long as I can remember ever since I started playing video games . Therefore I am used to plots and story lines and over 60 hours of continuous game play . This game offered me a whole new experience of gaming , and it is absolutely great ! It is cute , creative , and so much fun to play . You get to run after many different kinds of monkeys in many different environments . There 're surprises in lots of scenes . The scenery changes at every level so you do n't ever feel like you 're doing the same thing ! This game is definitely one for all ages . Highly recommended for video gamers out there who are looking for a fun gaming experience !
 The reason I like the game is because its challenging and its fun to try out !! Its kind of for beginners but well you 'll evntually start getting into it by the 2nd boss !! It takes a lot of skill to beat the monkeys because some keep hitting you until your lifes are out !! Its really cool but start with the first game.The reason I did not like this game as much as I thought I would is because the controllers that you use in the game are not natural . Such as using the R1 button to jump or the right analog stick to capture the monkeys and use the gadgets . In the end you 'll get use to it but you 'll have to spend lots of time in the training room to get used to types of buttons you use . Another reason is , is that once you finish the game the game it gets boring . You capture the monkeys over and over again but yet it gets more boring as you go along the game . In overall I give this game a 5 star rating !! But I had to take one off because of the bad part of the game . So the average rating is 4 stars !!!
 One of the things I like best about this game is that you use the controls different then most other games of this type and that alone can pose a new and interesting challenge . The only negative thing I can say about this game is the cut scenes are a little too long , the boss battles are very easy once you find out the secrets to destroy them and sometimes constant changing of gadgets can slightly put a drag on play time . Overall this is a good game that will hold your interest . It is a GREAT game for kids -LRB- 9 and up -RRB- , maybe not really young first timers , as they may have trouble figuring out which item to use at which time . It can pose enough challenge to be fun for anyone , the mini games are fun as well . I recommend getting cheats to find the hidden rooms for the last morph .
 THIS ONE IS EVEN BETTER THAN ALL THE OTHER APE ESCAPE GAMES . IT 'S THE BEST OF THE SERIES AND THEY EVEN MAKE FUN OF MOVIES AND SHOWS IN THIS ONE . MY FAVORITE LEVEL IS THE MONDAY THE 16th LEVEL WITH THE JAYSON APE . UKKI UKKI ! ALSO CHECK OUT THE COOL MINI-GAMES WITH MESSEL GEAR SOLID-STARRING ... SOLID SNAKE ???!!! WHAT 'S NEXT ? MARIO PARTY 9 ? ... WAIT , THEY 'RE ALREADY MAKING THAT GAME . OH TURKEY LEG ! YOU STUPID FLATSOMEBURGEMS !
 The Ape Escape series has been great from the start . This game is even better than the first two and I would highly recommend it to adults and children alike.It 's good to see a game out on the market that has a sense of humor to it and is n't so violent . Parents can buy this game for their child of any age and not have to worry about them seeing content not suited for their age.I 'm 25 and I love this game . It 's very easy for anyone to pick up as the gameplay is not all that complicated - though you do use every button on the PS2 controller.And who does n't love monkeys?Graphics
 Ape Escape 3 is overall a really fun game . I have n't played the last one -LRB- Ape Escape 2 -RRB- in a while , but I think this one is a little better . One thing is that I thought the new `` morph gear '' thing was a little off . Transforming was n't something I 'd expect in an Ape Escape game , and it did n't seem to fit in -LRB- although it is kinda fun and helpful -RRB- . The mini game Mesal Gear Solid is awesome ! I command you to play it ! -LRB- I have n't beat it yet -RRB-
 Look Im 20 years old and i never would have thought chasing monkeys wit nets , have them be inside costumes , and doing crazy antics would make for such a fun game ... Ive been a fan of the series since the beginnning , The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the game has not created something new and original to compliment the fact you have to catch monkeys ... I think wat keeps the game alive is the control scheme that was implemented , the funny things the monkeys do , and the ways we use the gadgets within the game ... . Hope fully if they come out with an Ape Escape 4 that reinvents a few things to make the game more hilariously fun ... Nonetheless it is an excellent game to play by urself and wit kids to have a nice time ... Damn munkies are funny !
 I played the original Ape Escape about ten years ago or so and fell in love with it . Ape Escape 3 is much closer to the original than the second game -LRB- which I greatly disliked -RRB- , and its fun and easy catch-the-apes gameplay is made more challenging by the fact that the apes can hit you back , take your weapons , and dodge your swings . Believe me , catching them can be much trickier than simply finding them - you have to chase them a lot and avoid getting hit . The gadgets are the same , but you can now choose from different morphs , which add variety to the gameplay . I caught all 400 monkeys in about 9 hours , though there are still lots of things to unlock , and more modes have been revealed . It 's definitely worth replaying , and I sincerely have found few games for the same price that were as fun to play !
 I bought this game for my sisters thinking it should keep them entertained and indeed it did ... They love the game and have beat the game twice already . Is very fun to see the monkeys act like real life characters and imitate celebrities . They have lots of fun with it and its content is mild which is perfect for kids taking in consideration most games nowadays are not as appropiate as before .
 Apes have taken over the world ... again . A group of young kids are the only hope for saving the world from turning into mindless couch potatoes.This is about the ultimate game in harmless fun that gives you things to do without violence . You 've got a big butterfly net and are chasing down monkeys in a variety of scenarios . The levels have fun names like `` My 36th Wedding '' and each has its own look and feel . It reminds me a lot of Gex . The graphics are appropriately cartooney but there 's a lot of attention to detail.There are a variety of monkey types , from the shy to the energetic , from the oblivious to the super-aware . You need to use different approaches on each one . Instead of health , you have Cookies . C is for cookie , and cookie is for me !! Where Sesame Street toned down their cookie monster , apparently cookie consumption is alive and well in Ape land.The sound is cute and harmless , with lots of high pitched energy . Just about what you 'd expect from a game of this genre.Metal Gear fans will find a few sly references in here to that game - just as when you play Metal Gear , you get occasional references to this series.Well recommended !
 I love this game ! My daughter got me hooked on it a few years ago and I 've since worn out our copy !
 The first Ape escape is better but this is fun as well and came in good condition and my kids played it most of the day but wanted the first ape escape thank you !!!
 This game is bigger than the first Ape Escape and Ape Escape 2 put together . And the type of action is even more varied . There are different characters that you can transform into that have different abilities that are really helpful . And that includes changing into a giant monkey that can smell where the monkeys are by smelling for bananas . The total number of monkeys to hunt are over 400 ! The game is gigantic and you wo n't be bored .
 Was a good game to play , enjoyed how long it lasted and the difficulty . I used to have this game as a kid and decided to pick it up again after a few years and was n't disappointed . Only thing I have a issue was the acting , not the best but then again most kids wont notice .
 Yeah ! This game is smooth and exicting and fun ! Let us get down to the Pros and Cons , and Review area : PROS1.Graphics ARE good , especially the Interceptor graphics and the Spyhunter Theme Intro Movie -LRB- though they are slightly fuzzy -RRB- .2 . The Gamepla y -LRB- the way it controls , etc. -RRB- is great .3 . The Interceptor is slick and smooth , and it transofmrs into three different vehicles ! C'mon ! Interceptor Car , Motorcycle and Speedboat ! 4 . The levels are fun to play , and even fun to watch ! The Matrix-like scene at the first level is cool , but corny.CONS1.Well , I guess the Saliva idea and music stuff is kinda useless and boring , even though I only saw 1/4 of it ! 2 . The background graphics are a bit N64-like and PSX-like . REVIEWThe real deal : FUN
 This game is extremely fun and I play it every day 24/7 . The reason why I like it so much is because of the action packed levels . ... You should definitly get this game .
 This game is great ! I admit I was n't so sure about it at first but now I love it . My only complaint is the graphics could use a little bit of work . Overall This game rocks ! Buy it now !
 This game is kindof like the levels you play in agent under fire where you drive a car . Except theres more weapons and theres 12 levels in Spy Hunter . Theres lots of missions in every level . This was a cool game when I rented it but then it got kindof boring . Rent this game if you like it buy it . If you dont like it dont by it . Rent it till you beat it .
 the grphics in this game are horrible and it takes a minute to load a mission . the music is really annoyiong , and it is very hard to beat some missions . the missions are very stupid . so if i were you i would ' t buy the game .
 I 've only gotten to the 3rd mission -LRB- Venice , Italy -RRB- and am pretty impressed . The graphics are sweet , for those of you who care about graphics ... Hitting maching gun toting motocyclests , COME ON !!!!! All around this is a nice game , and i 'm sure I will start liking it even more as I proccead in the game.PS
 Spy Hunter is an awsome game . The only drawbacks are that there are no 4 player modes , and the game takes a bit to much time to load .
 Totally sweet . My friend has this on PS2 but this version is better . Looks better and is faster than the PS2 . Only gripe is that you do n't get the extra movies like the PS2 but who cares cuz the movies are just some poser rock band Saliva posing.Get it . Dig it . Love it . Spy is back . Much better than Agent Under Whatever unless your idea of a good time is listening to lame Bond talk over and over and over ...
 I bought this game also as a gift for someone and they just loved it . they have this system still and still love to play on it . again for all of you who enjoy games of this type and nature it is a good pick .
 this game is so cool.the graphics are awsome and the missions are so fun . they may be hard but fun.people that think this game is n't so good are crazy.especially that person that said the missions are hard . if he likes starfox and all those shooting games , why does n't he like this one ? those games also have really hard missions . you need to get this game . i do agree that the spy hunter theme video is a bit fuzzy but it 's not like you 're going to stare at the video forever . if you 're a fan of shooting games , then you should get this game
 This game should be rated high because it includes plenty of action and non stop levels they never end and you get a variety of selections for weapons and vehicles . It just keeps getting harder and harder as the levels progress , It 's sweeet !!! It is clearly one of the best games there are !
 A few months back , I purchased what I thought was a good investment at the time , a Gamecube . Merrily , I thought myself both wittier and slyer than any of those puny , uneducated electronic salesmen who pleeded with me to get an xbox , while I skipped joyfully to my local best buy to purchase some games , singing ` theres a bluebird on my sholder ' all the way . Still humming while I entered the store , I stood on my tippi-toes searching for the gamecube section amid a pletheria of palm piolits and DVD . Having a pre-established knowledge that the gaming selection would be limited , I gazed like a greedy child in a pastry shop at the games which I would consume over the following days . My breath stopped short when I made this astounding discovery
 This is a high-flying , alien-blasting , shoot-em up game . It has very great graphic for the fact that it 's not like a handhled X-Box or something . The story
 Star X is a aracade style fly and fry game which is very similar to Star Fox for the SNES . If you liked that , you will like this . It has the same forced forward scroll levels , as well as some free flying ones in space . There are several different weapons that you can pick up to increase your fire power . There are nine planets , with a challenging boss at the end of each one . A free flying space level follows each planet . My main gripe is the password based save .
 I just bought this game and was surprised at how cheap it was only $ 10.00 , well it is the best game ever.It is a 3D pilot game that reminds me of the arcade games i used to play when i was 10 , and it is sorta like starfox . But seriously , its the best game ever , action every second , laser flying by , power ups , and it is especially great on the gameboy player for game cube , it just feels like an arcade game , so basically its great.But if you dislike flying games , STAY AWAY !!
 This is my favorite video game ! You get to mix your own cds , change the girls outfits , have them dance and so much more ! Do n't do level hard-extreme because it 's impossible to do .
 i like to win points for outfits n moves , but i luuuuuvvvv the fashion part!dress em up , easy and fun ... while u dress u cn enter private clubs if u get a good outfit u need to get in , but usually itll bring u too the club -LRB- normal -RRB- and dance.but it can also if u work hard give u move points and tralala ... its very kewl !!!
 I have already wrote a review about this great game . But there is something Mary-kate fans should be aware of.I like Ashley more but I decided to give it a try with Mary-Kate . When I played with her my game would freeze up , but not with Ashley . So do n't buy this if you want to play as Mary-Kate !
 My life is complete when i play this game , i mean who 's is n't . Not the cure for polio , not vacines , not electricity , no invention on earth is as great as this game !
 Because of this game , I can now imagine what kinds of clothes I can dress up in . I am now complete ! Tootles .
 I enjoyed playing this game , im a big fan of Mary-Kate and Ashley I played as both Mary-Kate and Ashley . But I recomend that you first play Mary-Kate until it frezzes on you then switch to Ashley and finish the game that 's what i did . Then I switched back to Mary-kate and i get all the songs extras outfits everything ! buy this game you wo n't regret it
 It iS pRObAbLy GreAt ... i mEaN CoMe oN ... iT iS A mAry-KaTe And ashlEY ThInG ... sO Of cOuRsE It 'S GrEaT ... ThE oNLy pRoBlEm Is thAt ThEY OnLy HaVe It oN gAmE BoY AdVaNcEd ... aNd i dO n'T HAvE tHaT ... sO I WaS JuSt wOndErING iF THeY WouLd mAKe It In pLaStatIoN 1 ??????
 they are super cool . the game lets you feel like you are hanging out with the coolist twins ever . i wish they would be my friends . i would love to take them dancing at the run or the max with me and they could meet my partners .
 this game makes my life complete , i sit at home night after night , playing this game , dreaming i am with ashley and kate , combing their hair , dressing up in our mom 's clothes , laughing and giggling talking about boys which are cute . The game makes all my fantasies of being with kate and ashley come true , as you get to hang out with the coolest twins in the whole wide world , i would love to be with them , hug them , and just be their best friend ever , that would be my ultimate dream , and thanks to this fine product , I AM COMPLETE .
 This game rocks !!! There 's wonderful graphics . I would recommend this game for girls 7-12 . The price is worth it for this game .
 I 've play a few of the handheld versions of the Dance Dance Revolution flavors , but I find this one to be the most enjoyable . The music and graphics are pleasing for the audience it is geared towards , which is n't really a bad thing , just a cutesy and colorful thing ... It 's gameplay that matters , right ? While most other music-timing games are not as forgiving in the timing , this one allows goats like me to finally appreciate this genre of gameplay and suceed a bit before actually getting all nuts about keeping up with the song . The replay value is nice and gives you a reason to come back to it , wanting to play past the next level , and not out of frustration either . There 's a mix mode that allows you to create your own tunes also and a jam mode that let 's you save your dances :-RRB- There are some pretty funny voice samples to add to your favorite song -LRB- you ca n't edit the songs themselves , still it 's nice to add Mary Kate 's samples to the tunes over and over just for a laugh -RRB- . In closing , I must admit that I simply LOATHE Mary Kate and Ashley , but after playing this game , I probably wo n't douse them with gasoline if I happen to see them on the street now .
 Girls Night Out is a really fun game ! You get to chose Mary - Kate or Ashley for your dancer , and your set of difficulty . You have a closet where you can chose the clothes you want the player to wear , -LSB- shoes , pants , shorts , shirts , and even hats , -RSB- and you can even change the color of the clothes , from red to black ! You unlock clothes , songs , -LSB- the songs last about one to two minutes and do n't have words -RSB- dance moves , and sounds ! The game also has this thing called Jam , where you can kinda make your own song with the songs ans sounds that you unlocked!To be honest , this game is really fun ! And really , after you buy it , you will be glad you bought it .
 I thought this game was really fun . I love dance games . If you do n't like dance games then I would n't recommend that you get it . I got when I got my GBA which was at the beginning of June . It is fun and not really hard . I 'm still playing it ! One GREAT extra is that if you play in practice mode is that if you get so many A ranks then you will unlock different things in the game ! I LOVED this game !!!
 You should definetly get this ! You can dress them up , with close you unlocked , make music videos , create a remix to songs , can practice your moves and try them on the dance floor !! When your done with all the levels , you 'll see your charecter danceing to a song called London Triump . They makke this game so it 's not for babies but not so hard !! Trust me . This game is COOL !!!
 I love this game ! I received it as a gift along with my Gameboy Advance when I was 10 . I still play it to this day , and I 'm 13 ! This game stars Mary Kate and Ashley . This is basically a DDR on GBA . You can change their clothes , hair , shoes , everything . You can choose between MK or Ashley and select your own name and skill level and everything . It comes with a lot of dance songs . It 's truly a fun game and you 'll be glad that you bought it -LSB- or borrowed it -RSB- !
 This game is the best game in the world ! I love it . As a huge Mary-kate and Ashley Olsen fan I have all of their games and this one is the best of all .
 This game is all about girls of course . I am a huge FAN OF DANCING . And Britney Spears i have her dancing game to i do n't like it as much as i love GIRLS NIGHT OUT . So go out and buy this game u will be glAD you did
 This game is very enjoyable , especially for one who is new to onsoles.Its all a new experience to me.Itsa shame I didnt get into this earlier .
 This is a very good game . Fun without being overly complicated . Lots of good shooting with a variety of effective weapons . I have newer and more expensive games , but I really enjoy this one . Best bang for the buck !
 I booted this into my playstation expecting a sub-par game at best . What I got was a completely unexpected treat of a game.Jackie Chan 's Stuntmaster brings you back to the days of Streets of Rage , wandering different locations like City Streets , Docks and other areas , coming across tons of bad guys trying to get in your way . With a simple control system -LRB- Punch , kick , Grapple , Block -RRB- , you can pull off some classic Jackie Chan Combos.I was just blown away by how fun this game was . Jackie Chan and his incredible fighting style was a big part of it . You can do all his combos , grapple moves , kicks , flips off walls , etc. . all in blazing fast speed . The game also features cut-scenes thare both beautifully rendered and hilarious . Jackie 's humor is seen quite frequently through the game . -LRB- Be sure to check out the credits - the game actually has the trademark Jackie Chan outtakes -RRB- . Great Controll , Great Cutscenes , Great Gameplay , and a Great Price . You can not go wrong with this game .
 being a huge chan fan for many years , this game is on the top of my `` buy now , dont rent list '' . his broken english dialogue is hilarious and the out-takes are priceless . ive played many movie based games -LRB- star wars fans may find this comment blasphemous -RRB- and this ranks as the best . the gameplay is simple so you do n't have to fork over extra cash for a strategy guide , i was able to learn these killer moves in one day . if you are one of the millions ... and millions of jackie chan 's fans , take a day off from work and buy this game .
 This is one game that was a long time in the making , and like his movies , it is full of action . What I like about it is it does n't try to confuse you with all of the motions you can do by pressing 10 million buttons . The plot of the game -LRB- Jackie loses package to gang -RRB- actually sounds like a plot for one of his movies . Also JC providing his moves and his voice to the game is a real plus . He is one of the most respected moviemakers , and this game shows it . For one thing , it is not excessively violent . Anyone can play . JC sets a good example to kids with that and he is definately a role model in my book . Way to go , Jackie !
 I reccommend anyone to rent this game . I 've seen a lot of Jackie Chan 's movies and I liked them ! I rented Jackie Chan 's Stuntmaster on Friday so far I 've enjoyed it very much . It completely satisfies me . I 've made my mind to buy it .
 I bought this almost a year ago and did n't had the time to review this until now , and for what i played so far is amazing , dont be fooled by the last gen graphics this is truly an experience for any gamer who loves a good brawler , I really miss this kind of games and nowadays all this third parties have been concentrating on making games so close to reality that they have forgotten what was all about , this game for example is not that much in graphics but the core is in the gameplay , if you love a good brawler like Double Dragon , Streets of Rage or maybe the beat em ups from Capcom like The Punisher , Alien vs Predator ... etc. . You will love this one . I mean first you get to be Jackie and rumble against thugs using his signature moves and grabin weapons : brumsticks , pans , buckets even a fish , you will also be able to perform a few stunts , and trust me when I say that this game is challenging . -LRB- Warning -RRB- there will be some moments of frustration . I know this because i had them myself , but besides that little detail I recommend this one .
 Its a good game . very entertaining .
 This is a very good v-game . It simulates one of Jackie 's movie 's , and I think that 's what they intended to do when they put it together . I recommend it to all other gamers .
 This game kicks tail ! Cool fights and Jackie Chan voice bytes really help the experience along . Even the enemies talk ! A couple negatives
 please have more of the game jackie chan stuntmaster because i would like to buy one of those games from toys r us when you get it in stock please let me know thank you goodbye and merry christmas .
 This is the ultimate Jackie Chan Game . It 's fighting sections are unmatched , the one-liners are just as funny as cheesy , and seeing Jackie Chan 's real face in the game is just cool . Only negatives are the platform jumping , loading times , and the limited number of moves Jackie can pull . But even these flaws ca n't bring the masta down ! 10 out of 10 !
 This game is great fun and a definate must have for any Jackie Chan fan . I love every minute of this game , but it is a challange . Jackie makes some witty remarks such as ` for your own good - go home now ' whilst fighting wich makes the game even more fun . The only reason I did not give this game 5 stars is because it lacks originality . It is bassicly streets of rage only much better . A great game . Buy it NOW !
 I LOVED THIS GAME !!! That 's just me.The fighting style is great and the commentary by Jackie is sweet.The graphics are a little shakie and the could have given Jackie a few more moves , but all and all this game is great game to buy.Rent the game first to see if it meets your approval then if you like it ... buy it and its alot of fun and it will keep you renting over . . and ... over ... and ... over . -LRB- THE GANGSTERS EVEN GIVE INSITE AND COMMENTARY !! -RRB-
 This game is so cool . And hard . But I like that . It 's a challenge . If you liked the classic game `` Streets of Rage '' you 'll like this one . Lots of enemies , weapons , levels , great Jackie Chan style fighting . And lots of funny remarks by Jackie . You might want to rent this game first though . Because like I said , it ai n't an easy game . And there are n't many codes for this game .
 SMASH ! BOOM ! CHUNG FA ! You 'll be yelling out these famous Chinese ` Yell Words ' and more while playing Jackie Chan 's Stuntcopter ! Will the acion never end ? Yes . Yes it will not ever end . This game kept me up all night -LRB- I was playing it at the time -RRB- . Beautiful colors , smooth animation , texture maps are vividly spendabulous . Oh yes . Oh yes sir , good day to you . Good day to EVERYONE ! CHAM KAAAA ! I especially liked the FMV 's ! Who made those things ? Splendid ! My favourite part is when Jackie runs across the diner . Pure genious ! Give that man a cigar -LRB- just do n't smoke it though , because smoking 's for LOSERS -RRB- ! It was like I was playing one of Jackie Chan 's movies in my living room . I keep my Playstation on a shelf next to my fish ! POW ! How they did it , I will never know . Perhaps one day , when I die it will all be revealed . Like some kind of orange or fruit of some kind being slowly peeled to reveal the sweet sweet edible meat or whatever the insides of a fruit is called . Until that much anticipated day ... FENG SHUI !
 i played this game over the weekend . my brother in law came for the weekend to visit and he had just bought xbox . this game was so much fun . if your worried abot violence then stay away but if your into scary , violent and a fun time this is it.you play kain and are on a quest for blood and power . there is so many great aspects to this game to this game . for me the most fun was just killing townsfolk either with my claws , a club or the sword . you can pick up people with one hand and do many things to them . either throw them , choke them or beat them with a club or stab them with a sword . you gain the ability to go invisible like mist and some of the `` mist kills '' are quite wicked and evil.i found the controls easy to use and quite easy to adapt to . i did not get to finish it , though . i only made it to the end of chapter II . also worth mentioning are the sound effects . the howling dogs , the eerie sound of night , the screams of people etc. . all in all this was a great game .
 I was figuring this game would be another Soul Reaver -LRB- and in some respects it is -RRB- but I was pleasantly surprised . This game is fairly linear -LRB- not so much wandering around -RRB- and it drips with personality . You ca n't help but dig Kain and his arrogant attitude . I sat night after night playing through this game just to see what happens next in the storyline . Each level has such a high amount of detail that you 'll find yourself stopping , every now and then , just to admire the scenery . I 'll admit , it 's not without its ' flaws -LRB- collision detection , choppiness -RRB- but there 's not enough of it to take away from the whole gameplay experience . Blood Omen 2 is a brilliantly thought out game , one well worth the experience of playing though . I think the thing I loved most about it was the thrill of the fight . About halfway through the game , those guys you go up against get harder to beat . So , when you do beat them , you feel like you 've accomplished something . You owe it to yourself to check out this game . You 'll be glad you did.Here 's hoping there is a Blood Omen 3 .
 The two games have alot of simularities Example in both you gain special abilities by completing different quest or fights . In Blood Omen 2 the abilities are for Kain while in Soul Reaver2 it is for the Reaver . Blood Omen and Soul Reaver 's graphics are pretty much the same , but in Blood Omen there is sometimes problems where it will slow down or freeze which has never happened before with my Soul Reaver game . Despite some problems Blood Omen is still a great game but you should definatly rent this game before purchasing it you might just be able to beat it because it 's kind of short but then again so is Soul Reaver . So you should definatly rent both these title 's first . Happy hunting .
 I would have rated this game a perfect five had it not been for the dialogue problems . This might not be on everybody 's disc but on mine it would sometimes remind me of a Godzilla movie . The would speak and 30seconds later you could hear their voices . Or the would speak but another sound effect would make it were you could n't hear -LRB- when in the Sarafan keep try to see if you can understand exactly what the old hag is saying -RRB- a darned thing . You can understand what needs to be done -LRB- even though it was noisy and hard to understand , is still was able to understand she wanted the dude dead . -RRB- Some more fatal blows would have been nice , but there is still three times as many as their was in Soul Reaver 2 . The story is decent and in line with the rest of the Legacy of Kain series . It focuses on the slain nobleman Kain turned vampire who is on a quest of revenge against the Sarafan Lord and his armies . It also focuses on the arrival of the Hylden , Vampires sworn enemies . The game is fairly long -LRB- eleven levels -RRB- and the graphics and sounds are nice . It may not be perfect but its still better than most other games of its genre .
 I played Soul Reaver 1 & 2 , and I think this game is better than two and worse than one . It takes a while to get going ... you need some of the dark gifts to have any fun at all . The puzzles are too simple and the combat interface is unbearable . Hard to say why it 's any good at all , except that the atmosphere is fun , and I like being a really bad guy sometimes ... not for everyone for sure . No replayability at all . I guess the real interest in the game is the graduation through the levels and the dark gifts .
 First off I aknowledge the problems with this game that I have heard about . The framerate does get a bit choppy occasionally -LRB- on ps2 anyway -RRB- . The graphics are night quite as good as they are on Soul Reaver II -LRB- which did come out months before this -RRB- . The enemies are not very tough for the most part . Oh yeah , and BO2 could be a bit longer.However I 'll these problems as a small price to pay for getting to play Kain in an amazing atmosphere . It sucked me in . Its a lot like Thief
 This turned out to be a great game . When i first saw the advertisment for BO2 i new i would get it . First off the game has a great story line , with a lot of twists and turns from area to area , it really cept me gessing wat was going to happen next . But i was a bit dispointed with the fighting system , you cant move around as much as u need to to dodge atacks and your wepons break way to easilly , i mean u pick up a glyph nights sword and in the middle of the next battle it is already about to break . The sound could be punched up a notch to . your tryin to listen to a conversation between two ppl and u have to turn in different directions to pick up thier voices . The cutsines get very annoyin wen you die and have to go through the same one over and over again becouse there 's no way to scip it.The dark gifts u get from bosses are really good they help u get through a lot of areas and really com in usful for killing enimiesAll in all BO2 is a great game if u were into the LOK series , but if it is ur first game in the series try renting it firstit could use a little cleaning up but it sould appeal to you
 This turned out to be a great game . When i first saw the advertisment for BO2 i new i would get it . First off the game has a great story line , with a lot of twists and turns from area to area , it really cept me gessing wat was going to happen next . But i was a bit dispointed with the fighting system , you cant move around as much as u need to to dodge atacks and your wepons break way to easilly , i mean u pick up a glyph nights sword and in the middle of the next battle it is already about to break . The sound could be punched up a notch to . your tryin to listen to a conversation between two ppl and u have to turn in different directions to pick up thier voices . The cutsines get very annoyin wen you die and have to go through the same one over and over again becouse there 's no way to scip it.The dark gifts u get from bosses are really good they help u get through a lot of areas and really com in usful for killing enimiesAll in all BO2 is a great game if u were into the LOK series , but if it is ur first game in the series try renting it firstit could use a little cleaning up but it sould appeal to you
 Blood Omen 2 is a combination of incredible action , sophisticated -LRB- but not infuriating -RRB- puzzles , and an very neat plot -LRB- not to mention the EXTREME amounts of gore -RRB- . it is an awesome game , and whether you are a `` Legacy of Kain '' veteran , or simply a newbie . I am sure this will become your favorite game . Did I mention that there is a TON of gore !
 frist i am nine years old and i finished blood omen and soul reaver and Blood Omen was a master of all games and i am looking forward to the second because my friend told me about Blood omen 1 and i found the last copy in my state -LRB- so i have a secret stash for Blood omen 2 and soul reaver 2 -RRB- so buy blood omen and blood omen 2 and soul reaver and soul reaver 2 its da best series in the world lets just hope that they will keep the series going alot longer so you can see everthing in the series Bye
 This game looks great . I hope it is longer or at least takes longer than Soulreaver2 did . The preview for it that was included on SR2 made sure that I will purchase this the day it comes out . Kain is as was stated on the back of the Soulreaver 2 manual ... `` Gaming 's most evil bad -LSB- man -RSB- . '' I am really looking forward to this game . Hopefully the ending wo n't be a cliffhanger like Soulreaver2 was.I just finished it last night . The glitches and freezing are horrible BUT the story and combat system more than make up for it . The return of Vorador was something of a surprise as was Janos showing up as well . Kain does mention something to Vorador about prefering the grave so he apparently was brought back somehow , Maybe with a `` Heart of Darkness '' or something like that . There was only one character that Kain killed I wish he had n't , although the reason why it was done , at least from his point of view made sense still you get the sense he wishes he did n't have to . And the ending was wrapped up nicely no waiting another two years for the end of the story arc . Now if Soulreaver 3 will hurry up and come out we can find out what happens next . I like playing Raziel byt I love playing Kain hopefully will see some more of his adventures as well
 Eidos has been a company with a long and cool track record -LRB- Deus Ex , Legacy of Kain
 Ok , I just want to say one thing , ... YEAH !!! This game rocked !! I love to stalk innocent people and slice an dice them , in video games of course ! This is my kind of game . The graphics rocked ! If you have not played this game yet , PLAY IT ALREADY !!
 okay i believe that iam the first person to actully review this game.everbody else who reviewed it didnt even play the game so in a sense of the word iam the first.the game is unbelievable.its fun , its pretty and its a hell of alot better than soul reaver 2 . being a fan of the first kain and of the first soul reaver i came into this game with some doubts.but all my fears were laid to rest 5 minutes into the game.i really have never had this much fun slaughtering innocent victims.if you dont like blood and gore please by all means stay away from this game : it might make you sick.but if your afan of blood , vampires , or the series itself youll love this game.its awesome .
 I recently finished this game . The game is a lot of fun and I really enjoyed it . The fighting took some getting used to and I kept getting killed by gaurds until I got the hang of it . The look of the game and the sounds are first rate . Kain and Vorador are back but most of the other main character are new . Kain looks really cool and gets more cool looking as the game continues . The puzzles are not that hard , but challenging enough to make you think . One nice feature is that you will find yourself constantly using the dark gift powers you get from killing vampires , this is pretty cool . The jump gift really looks great . All the random killing you can do does give you something to do while trying to figure out howe to solve a particular puzzle . Overall I really enjoyed this game . I think Soul Reaver 2 was a better game but this is still in my top 10 for PS2 . PS2 games are n't too cheap so it is hard to recommend buying a game that you could finish in one or two rentals , but it is great game and is certainly a game you could play several times over . Some of the stuff is pretty gross but I liked all of the blood and guts . Wither your a fan of the series or not , this is a great choice . My main complaint is that once you get all of your powers , the game is basically over . However , this happens in just about every game so this does n't really take away from Blood Omen 2 .
 Blood Omen was one of PSX early titles . the over the top perspective helped tell the tale of KAin , a noble slain by a group of assassins hired by a mysteriouse benefactor . While in the fires of Hell Kain is given the opportunity to avenge his murder , at a price . Kain returned as a vampire to slay his assassins . From there he found out that only he could save nosgoth from the corruption that had fallen upon the pillars , which control the essence of life . After slaying the guardians , the final which not only ressurected him , but had him killed as well . Kain was given the choice to either sacrafice himself for he was the final pillar , or reject the choice and help insure Nosgoths destruction . He chose the later which helps build the story of the second game.In the time since then KAin has created an army of Vampires and went on the warpath . The sarafan were reestablished in the hope that the vampire menace would be defeated . The sarafan lord eventually defeats kain and the armys are scattered . Kain however not dead but in a deep sleep for he next 200 years . Kain is awaken to a time when the Sarafan are no longer just protectors but tyrants . The vampires lead the resistance to stop the sarafan . Kain weakened must go in and help the resistance to get revenge towards the sarafan lord , as well as rebuild his army and continue his conquest.THe game itself is not set up as the passt entries were . Instead of nonlinear gameplay and a huge world to explore , the game is seperated by levels , where you continue to build your swtrength and gain skills , by this method the story does not get lost as the player may at times . However by doing this the game also loses some of the appeal that Blood Omen and Soul Reaver had.The difficulty is like the first Blood Omen in that it is a challenge to play through . Some of the humans are dumb and just run away screaming while the guards will whip you ... if you are not careful . The bosses are sometimes stupid but to fight them is in the set up of puzzles.Speaking of puzzles that is the primary weak point of the game . The puzzles are all involving switches . Flip this , turn that , push this . SO in that manner it detracts from the game . But over all this is definetly a must own for those who are fans of the legacy of Kain series . It is definetly a great game .
 This is a great game . When you first start playing , the fighting and movement is not as smooth as soul reaver 2 . Dont let it turn you off to the game . I believe it has to do with the fact that this game runs on a different engine than soul reaver . -LRB- i believe it does ?? -RRB- Once you beat the first boss , the game begins to come to life . The bosses in this game bring some fun to the game , each is beaten a different way based on thier fighting style . You also become used to the fighting style and weapon use as the game goes on which makes it alot of fun to play . I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games , that still have awesome action . -LRB- the kill moves and special abilities are dope also -RRB- I like the fact that this game has alot more killing then soul reaver , yet some little puzzles along the way . The saving is also easy which makes playing the game more fun , no worries or hour long hikes to a save point ! All in all this game may very well be better than SR2 . It all depends on if you like challenging puzzles , or the action fighting part of the game . The cinimatics and story line are awesome , as in all of the legacy of kain games . I am only in the 4th section of the game , so alot is yet to be uncovered -LRB- I HOPE !! -RRB- , but i expect alot to be coming .
 Let 's face facts
 I was figuring this game would be another Soul Reaver -LRB- and in some respects it is -RRB- but I was pleasantly surprised . This game is fairly linear -LRB- not so much wandering around -RRB- and it drips with personality . You ca n't help but dig Kain and his arrogant attitude . I sat night after night playing through this game just to see what happens next in the storyline . Each level has such a high amount of detail that you 'll find yourself stopping , every now and then , just to admire the scenery . I 'll admit , it 's not without its ' flaws -LRB- collision detection , choppiness -RRB- but there 's not enough of it to take away from the whole gameplay experience . Blood Omen 2 is a brilliantly thought out game , one well worth the experience of playing though . I think the thing I loved most about it was the thrill of the fight . About halfway through the game , those guys you go up against get harder to beat . So , when you do beat them , you feel like you 've accomplished something . You owe it to yourself to check out this game . You 'll be glad you did .
 If you are a fan of the first Blood Omen for the PS1 , or a fan of the Soul Reaver games , then this game is for you . Rich atmosphere surrounds a story of ambition , and betrayal . Kain , the ultimate anti-hero , leads the gamer though a labyrinthine city built on corruption and dispair , pausing only momentarily to feed on Meridian 's hapless victims . If you like your games Goth , with a twist of dark humor , Blood Omen 2 is your ticket . Excellent graphics , with only the occasional hiccup , solid voice acting , and a rich musical score await those brave enough to follow Kain on his journey . You will love it every step of the way .
 Well , I bought Blood Omen 2 three days ago , and it offered three days of fun and excitement . Here , you once again take up the mantle of vampire dominance , playing as their leader Kain . Kain has been laid low by a mysterious being called the Sarafan lord , who has revived the vampires ancient enemy and is beginning the purges anew . As Kain , you must regain your former glory and defeat the Sarafan lord , retrieving your dark blade , the Soul Reaver , in the process . The voice acting is good -LRB- as usual -RRB- , and the gothic environs really mesh well with the dark tone of the game . However , as is the case with Soul Reaver 2 , the game is a bit too short . I wish that Eidos would flesh out the world of Nosgoth a bit , and not merely add to the mythos surrounding Kain ... Oh , and for the fool below , Soul Reaver 2 WAS a cliffhanger , and playing all of the games from the beginning does n't change this fact . However , Blood Omen 2 does answer one of the questions we are left to ponder at the end of SR2
 I 'm a total fan of the Blood Omen series . This is a good play , but the graphics will leave a bit to be desired . One of my roommates was joking , `` Is this really for the PS2 ? '' lol . So aside from the graphics detraction , there are plenty of morsels in the game to keep any gamer enthused . Definitely pick up a copy !!
 When I read about this game , I thought the idea of playing a vampire was intriguing . I had never played the first Blood Omen game which was released in 1996 , so I did n't know what the series was all about . Your character , Kain , was cast down by a mysterious warlord centuries ago , and has now reawakened to seek vengeance . The game is very violent and not for the weak of heart . Since you play a vampire , you must drink blood to survive . If this is n't morbid enough , for the early levels , you must rely on killing innocent villagers for blood , and their screaming and pleading for mercy was almost enough for me to quit playing . However I kept with it , and in the higher levels , you rarely need to feed on innocent people for survival.What I liked about this game was it 's challenging , but not overly frustrating . You can pick up weapons from dead enemies to help with your battles . There are many different enemies , including demons , knights , thieves , and more . Their difficulty to kill , range from painfully easy to incredibly challenging . Fortunately , you get to save your game at each checkpoint , and checkpoints are pretty plentiful throughout the game . There are 11 chapters total , each with 2 or 3 objectives to fulfill . The puzzles are pretty easy to figure out , but a couple of times I did have to consult my strategy guide for help.The sound effects and music in this game were well made . During battles , the music would speed up to give you some good fighting music . The sound effects were realistic and added immensely to the gameplay . The voice acting was actually very good and professional . Simon Templeman does the voice of Kain , whom I have seen guest star in a few TV shows , and I could hardly believe it was him . His voice talent brought so much to the character of Kain , and I have to say I was quite impressed . Kain 's nemesis , the Sarafan Lord -LRB- the ultimate boss of the game -RRB- , is voiced by Earl Boen , probably best known for playing Dr. Silberman in the Terminator movies . He is a talented actor , and was a wonderful choice for the role . We all know bad acting can really spoil a good game , but the acting in Blood Omen 2 added a great deal to the plot and gameplay . The graphics in the game were very good as well . They were very detailed and beautifully rendered on each level . There was lots to see and take in , making certain areas of the locales quite memorable.All in all , if you are used to violent games and can handle it , I would recommend Blood Omen 2 . It 's sort of a RPG/Action/Horror game , and it 's sure to keep you busy for days . A very interesting game with lots of action and even spells to cast . I really enjoyed it .
 First off i have to say from the review i just read . Soul Reaver 2 is not a cliffhanger . Blood Omen 2 is going to be best understood by those who have been playing the Legacy Of Kain Series since Blood Omen
 I do n't think 9-year-olds need to play this game . It 's violent . Look at the one a few reviews below mine . You 'll see it . But anyway this game is good . Buy it .
 First off , I would like to say that this series is the best that has come out -LRB- except for Final Fantasy -RRB- ! This game is a MUST HAVE ! inj this game you go around as an evil vampire seeking revenge for your death . You can slice people up , then suck their blood afterwards ! As I recall , in the original Blood Omen you could turn into a wolf or a bat and tear people up like that . This game is a gamer 's dream come true ...
 frist i am nine years old and i finished blood omen and soul reaver and Blood Omen was a master of all games and i am looking forward to the second because my frined told me about Blood omen 1 and i found the last copy in my state so -LRB- so i have a secret stash for it and soul reaver 2 -RRB- so buy blood omen and blood omen 2 and soul reaver and soul reaver 2 it the best series in the world lets just hope that they will keep the series going
 All in all this is a great game . I had this for Xbox originally , so I never had to deal with the alleged glitches . I hope I wo n't when I re-buy this for ps2 . > < Anyways you are Kain , an arrogant , cocky vampire with a huge superiority complex . When the game starts you get your @ $ $ handed to you by some dude named the Sarafan Lord . Kain makes an alliance with Uma I think her name was . He goes across Norrath kills Sarafan , Hyldan , and a bunch of other things along the way . You get weapons , your weapons wear down , you throw it into the next body ... repeat . The world of Nosgoth is actually beautifully done , and you could truly get lost in it . The sounds , the way people go about their business , it was a new and much needed facelift to Nosgoth . The only issue I really had with this game was that it wasnt so much a puzzle game as it was a straight hack n slash blood bath , and too many discrepencies . I 'd play it though .
 If you do not follow the LOK games skip it the gameplay is stiff and annoying if you know the LOK story tis worth putting in your libary the gameplay is weak but all the games since Soul reaver have had many gameplay issues.Edios did not keep their devs in check this has Voradore living when he died before the pillars fell , of coarse time travel is a option for some in any case thats the only part of the story that dosent follow the rest of the series well.LOK : Blood Omen
 other then the bad save files and the '' HEY I BLOCKED '' -LRB- and you do n't -RRB- problem i loved the game.the story like was o.k.there where problems with the sound not working and there was no subtitles and it was hard to hear them some time . the game froze alot as well.I realy liked this game -LRB- even if the words above does not show it -RRB- I guess i liked it because i have a thing for Kain.There is nothing like the orignal . IF you like the series get this game . . -LRB- or if you are a fan for this kind of thing -RRB- I myself are left wanting more and i was hoping kain would stay in the first outfit the whole time ^ ________ ^ .
 other then the bad save files and the '' HEY I BLOCKED '' -LRB- and you do n't -RRB- problem i loved the game.the story like was o.k.there where problems with the sound not working and there was no subtitles so it was hard to hear them some time . the game froze alot as well.I realy liked this game -LRB- even if the words above does not show it -RRB- I guess i liked it because i have a thing for Kain.There is nothing like the orignal . IF you like the series get this game . . -LRB- or if you are a fan for this kind of thing -RRB- I myself are left wanting more and i was hoping kain would stay in the first outfit the whole time ^ ________ ^ .
 I gave this four stars simply because of the series , and thats all . Crystal Dynamics should have delyaed this game for at least another two weeks , they are well known for delaying . This game dissapointed me because of the collision problems and memory problems . I call em `` freeze frames '' this is the worst problem I have encountered other than the repetitive combat , but who wouldn ; t like to fill the shoes of a vampire and kill people and drink their blood !!!! The story is awesome . For those of u new to the series , I recomend soul reaver 2 over this game for the fact of character movement and a better framerate . Other than the framerate dropping out , I enjoyed this game .
 ... i recently purchased Blood Omen 2 in stores . And it was well worth the wait . The story of the arrogant and ruthless kain is one of the most compelling to reach the PS2.Graphics 9/10The graphics are simply stunning , soul reaver 2 graphics mixed with blood omens unique style make this game a dark and richly developed nightmare . From the looks of terror on your victims faces to the towering gothic world that is meridian city , then again to the detail of kain 's actions and facial expressions , the graphics involve you deeply in the game.Sounds 9/10the sounds in this game are also great , from kains footsteps echoing in an allyway to the mindless yammering of the townspeople . One problem you might encounter is that sometimes voices become garbled and repeat themselves over and over , this minor glitch can be fixed by simply restarting the game.gameplay 10/10the gameplay in BO2 is nearly flawless , the control setup allows you to quickly and concisely perform nearly any operation in battle or otherwise . A few minor problems with cumbersome jumping and turning to face multiple enemies arose , but other than that a very enjoyable and comfortable setup.Story 10/10The story in BO2 is nothing short of spectacular , as with all the kain games , the writers of these tales once agian deliver with a rich and fully detailed storyline , which only adds to kains reputation.overall 10/10despite having more 9/10 categories than 10/10 ... this game deserves a perfect rating , though some people would argue it doesnt live up to the hype , i promise you it is a must have for any Kain fans , though less serious gamers might want to rent BO2 before commiting to buying it . They will be happy with the intense gore and violence if nothing else , i know i am .
 Upon awakening 200 years after his supposed death , Kane is lead forth once again ... Kane is Wicked . It is refreshing to find a character that is both evil and arrogant , yet so highly likable . His personality and convictions were ingeniously crafted . Along with the entire history of Nosgoth relayed through the `` Legacy of Kane '' series.As to the game , I 'll put together several points : . Graphics
 but I really dig this game . Yeah , there a few flaws in this game , but there are far worst games out there , with a horror plot . If your a fan the Legacy of Kain seires or just a fan of gorey entertainment . Check this out . Kain is my favorite anti-hero .
 This really is a good game , the new fighting stile and the different kinds of weapons you can found troughout the game . the story follows a chronologic order , and it is not so bad , what i said about the fighting stile was n`t ` a joke , tell me in how many games you can stop your enemy ` s attacks in different directions or you can break his neck , stuck a sword in his chest or hit him with a brutal spiked club ? oh and if its not enough , you sometimes can control your enemy ` s mind , and move him wherever you want.you can use many kinds of suits too , drink the blood of your enemy , and never forget the famous SOUL REAVER , nosgoth ` s most powerful sword , this sword can hurt the enemy , and hurt his soul too , and after you kill the enemy , the SOUL REAVER feeds of the soul , amazing , huh?seriously , buy it if you love action
 I was a little bit worried that this game would not be as good as the original which came out on the Playstation . I was right , it is way better . The graphics rock and the story line is awesome . If you like games with a killer anti hero as the main star and plenty of blood , then this is the game for you .
 Being a huge fan of the whole Legacy of Kain series , I was eagerly awaiting the release of this title . I had just finished Soul Reaver 2 , and needed more of the complex story and great voice acting . Blood Omen 2 plays well , with fantastic , gothic scenery , and pretty decent music . The voice acting is superb -LRB- one of the reasons I like the series -RRB- , but you ca n't enjoy this game without being a fan of the incredibly complex storyline . Many of the questions that players are left with in the Soul Reaver series are answered here , including the introduction of the Hylden race , which I surmise will become more of a factor in the next Soul Reaver installment . The gameplay in this game is pretty good , and it 's a decent length.There are a couple bad points , however . The programming is incredibly choppy at some points , which makes the video jump violently from frame to frame . This also effects the sound , which can go out of synch with the in-game cinematics . I have seen a cut scene where the Kain is speaking to the Sarafan Lord , only their voices are criss-crossed . The choppiness also makes the CD in the player sound as if it 's having a fit of hiccups . These are just minor nuisances.The biggest gripe is the battle system . The configuration of the blocking and autofacing is just ridiculous . You ca n't blocks with your armor and jump away from an unblockable attack if you 're carrying a backstrap weapon . It takes too long to stop blocking , then autoface , then sidestep . You have to block with your weapon armed , which seriously accelerates the weapons ' degradation , and eventual destruction . You also do n't have access to the Soul Reaver until the very last moments of the game . The dark gifts he gets after defeating bosses are good enough , but it 's a shame you ca n't select different armor types like the original , or carry a variety of weapons.All in all , it 's a pretty good game , save the few nasty bugs . Being a HUGE fan of this series I gave it 4 stars . Ca n't wait for Soul Reaver 3 .
 Graphics
 First off , let me just say that I bought this game EXPECTING it to be dissapointing with all the negative reviews that the `` professional '' game critics -LRB- and some ameatuer ones -RRB- gave it.I canhonestly say that Blood Omen 2 is an excellent game , and all the `` horrific '' frame rate problems and load times that people have been squawking about , have been extremely exagerated!The only real problem with frame rate speed I encountered were whenever I would first enter into a room every now and then ; and even THAT was n't very often!Also , it should be noted that these frame rate `` problems '' NEVER occured during any of the actual fight/combat action sequences.That is something that I think all players would be relieved to know , as fighting is the most crucialelement of Blood Omen 2 ! Now for writing the things that this game DOES do -LRB- all of which are great ! -RRB- If you are intrested in this game , then 9 out of 10 , youalready know the very complex and addicting storyline ... so I 'll skip the whole history lesson!In a nutshell , you awake some 200 years after the events in Blood Omen 1 , but about 1000 years before Soul Reaver 1 and 2 . The Sarafan -LRB- religous zealots sworn to wipe out vampires -RRB- have taken a fascist-like control over the landof Nosgoth.Kain 's former vampire lieutinants have also betrayed him by joining forces with the Sarafan.Naturally , Kain is enragedand wants revenge -LRB- have we ever known Kain for anything else ?? -RRB- Thus enters Umah : the very feminine , very sensuous , very partially dressed vampire -LRB- yeah , I LIKE Umah ! -RRB- As for Umah , and Kain and all of the other characters , they are excellent ; visualy.The graphics of Blood Omen 2 is great eye candy ; not so much in the fantasy sense of Soul Reaver 2 , but in more of a macabre , industrial sense.But that only helps to emphasize the nature and storyline of the game.Both the storyline and voice-acting are first class -LRB- would you come to expect anything less from this series ? -RRB- The gameplay is very easy to get the hang of and so much fun ! - pick up a guy by the throat!lop off a guy 's head from behind ! - Very sadistic yes , but very addicting!As for all the whining over quoate/unqoate `` way too easy block and switch puzzels '' , hey , they 're more than welcome in my book!I 'd rather dive straight into the action and learn more of the great story than burst my brain trying to solve some puzzle!Just on a quick note , I thought there were WAY too many puzzles in both Soul Reaver 1 and 2 ! And let 's face it , most of us only solved those puzzles by looking in a strategy guide cause we could n't figure them out ourselves!So bring on the easy puzzles say I!All and all , this is a great game that you should definatly buy esp . if you are a fan of the series!As for the one reviewer who wrote that `` it does n't play as smoothly as the XBOX version '' , I hope he realizes that you can only play Blood Omen 1 and Soul Reaver 1 and 2 on Playstation.After all , Sony started this great epic legacy ... NOT Bill Gates !!
 Here ye , here ye , thou ` s beloved bloodsucking vampire has awakened , and he wades amongst fiery depths of pure , uncompromising vengeance.After what 's been six years , the bona fide sequel of blood-fest Legacy of Kain , has stepped up to the plate . Now on the PS2 , Blood Omen 2 has been developed by the boys from Soul Reaver 2 and published by either hated or respected Edios . This time , however , a mob of overjoyed gamers should lift those teams off their feet in praise , for Blood Omen 2 bears the grandeur of the PS1 original .400 years have dragged by since the fall of Kain . Cabal , an organization of vampire resistance , has taken Kain under their care . Enraged of his fall , Kain must redeem himself and do battle with the Sarafan Knights . Worse , Kain 's most loyal commanders have taken ranks with the menacing Knights to cleanse Nosgoth of vampires . With all this the player must take the role of -LSB- -RSB- Kain , and let retribution rain!Into the graphical faucets , Blood Omen 2 gleams with red , searing waxes of blood and gore . The original game was overflowing with all crimson brilliance , but the sequel is just an overkill of it . I 'm surprised that the game nor my television set was n`t amplified with such cascades of bloody mess . The world of Nosgoth is ruled with a dark , pessimistic outlook . Extremely gothic , the atmosphere leaves a murky expression throughout the game . Although certainly not eye-candy , the foggy surroundings and sinister atmospheric tones are a nice change over the garishly colorful.Playing in full 3D and Real Time , Kain has never felt so good to sink duty into . At the beginning of the game , the player is squat on strength and on weaponry . It 's up to the player to hunt down Sarafan Knights , steal their advance weapons , and have Kain be armed to the teeth . Progressing in the game , means Kain gains a multitude of skills that is related to vampire mythology . Relying heavily on stealth , the players are usually urged not to be seen in towns , and kill when absolutely necessary . Equipped with powerful vampire abilities , Kain is to use them intelligently like his Telekinesis ability . Taking control of humans means easier mobility , such as commanding human folk to activate switches . Other than that , Kain also has abilities such as bloodsucking , super jumps , roof stalking and several more.On the whole though , Blood Omen 2 is a hack & slash ; dungeon crawler . Though , not as action-oriented as Baldur 's Gate
 When I first purchased this game , I was a little skeptical about its play value . I had heard very mixed reviews and I just wanted to see what the games was like for myself . It turns out I made the right choice . This game has a solid street `` feel '' to it and all the secrets are a nice touch . I mean hey , who would n't want to see celebrities and real life ballers shakin ' each other up and putting shame on each other . But , every game has its drawbacks . The create-a-baller system and the camera angles are just awful . This definitely needs to be worked on to keep its gamers hooked . The music was good , but gets very repetitive , its much better to just put the music on mute and just play your faorite pump up music . But , still a good game nonetheless .
 Yeah this game is aiight . it 's got great moves and the way they made it so similar to the actual players was sweet . The betting and also designing your own players with a great range of tattoos and clothing -LRB- accessories -RRB- . The down side of it is that it 's far too squashed up on 5 on 5 full court game , which could be improved with better views , also have replays on the ankle breaking moves other than the dunks , I 'm sure we 've all seen the dunks on NBA Live . Other than that it 's all good . I think it 's worth adding it to the collection .
 STREET HOOPS IS THE BEST BASKETBALL/AND1 GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.IT IS SO TIGHT BECAUSE YOU CAN PLAY GAME MODES LIKE ; KING OF THE COURT , LORD OF COURT,HALF-COURT PICK-UP , AN LAST FULL-COURT PICK-UP . WHEN YOU EARN ALOT OF MONEY YOU CAN GO TO THE STORES SUCH AS ; FOOTACTION , THE BARBER SHOP , THE TATOO SHOP , AND THE BET PLACE.THERE ARE OHTER REASONS I LIKE THIS GAME , BUT I HAVE TO GO . SO MAKE SURE YOU GET THIS GAME .
 its a really good game it has really good details an its fun to play , even do it doesnt have the rules from the nba an thats what this game is fun a good
 I know plenty of people have played nba street . You thought it could n't get any better huh ? Well thats what you get for thinkin ' . I did n't want to buy this game at first based on the sreenshots I saw . But , after I saw a few movies and noticed the way the game moved so smoothly , its a must have . If you loved Street you 're going to wannna marry this one . The last time I seen moves like this I was playing ball myself . the game has some sick moves , ill crossover , wicked passes , and hard fouls . So if you ca n't take it do n't buy it . Its just too real . If you do n't play streetball for real you my not understand how serious it really is , to have a game that you can play when you ca n't get to the park and cross some young dude over for tryin ' to shine on ya . ...
 All I have to say is this game is tight !! If you do n't have it get it now !
 First of all is for the -LRB- G -RRB- reatest -LRB- O -RRB- f -LRB- A -RRB- ll -LRB- T -RRB- ime players . This game is so ghetto and challenging , it will keep you playing for hours and hours . You will get bored after you played too much because it is true that they spent more time on partnerships -LRB- etc -RRB- than in gameplay . you could tell . . Compare to NBAStreets -LRB- vol . 2 -RRB- , S. Hoops is more ghettoer . ofcourse . . but the gamplay in S.H. is not that realistic than NBA.S . The player 's trick moves is quite fast , sometimes you ca n't really tell what moves they 're doing And that hurts the game alot becasue the thing that makes the game more ghettoerer is those street gangsta moves especially : Hotsauce ! ANothER cool stuff in the game is those Stores where you can get a haircut , tatoo , chains , watches goldz , shoes , shirts/jerseys , short/pants , glasses , bands , hats , etc. . . PLUS you can make bet with your money on a catagories you 're really good at . I mostly put on all of them because I 'm a GOAT.This game is fun to play -LRB- ... -RRB- BR > I recomend this game to all who loves basketball , well Ghetto basketball plus you can check out videos from the street gangstazi said earlier . Man , they sure got skills . For those people who saw the AND1 Tour , you know what I 'm talking about ...
 its a good game but the game play is about 3 stars . its kinda fun buying stuff from footaction and the pawn and tatoo shops ... wich you can do on the game if you have the cash ... wich you win by playing . so its would be a gret game to rent but wate till it get down on price to buy .
 I was looking forward to Street Hoops , and held out on buying NBA Street until after I played both games . Having now done so , I finally purchased NBA Street . Street Hoops is a decent game , but the novelty of the game runs out very quickly . It 's fun to `` break ankles '' and `` teabag '' opponents , but the game 's fun-factor stopped for me after the first few games .
 This game is bomb . It has excelent gameplay , unlockable characters such as AO , Half Man Half Amazing and many more . And If you like rap music the soundtrack is full of it . I recomend this game for everyone !!!!
 Im a 13 year old girl , this game is not only for boys but for girls too . This game is the best b-ball game that i have played . The controls take time to learn but so does the moves in real life . Once you learn the moves its so cool . Ive almost beaten the world tournament -LRB- -LRB- that just shows that its not imposible like some people say -RRB- -RRB- The games are very relistic , people yelling , no blood no foul , anouncers , and where the games take place are very much like the the real thing . The music sound tracks are not stupid songs , they have people like DMX , Ludacris , Master P and many more . You can bet , buy cloths , chains , tatoos , get a new hair cut . This is the best basketball game its really worth the money !!!
 This is a great game.You can pull of any tricks.I learned alot from it.Buy this game
 Besides the great graphics this game has A GREAT soundtrack . The game is unbelivable . It is like full contact basketball . Very Fun . Does n't Ever get boring I love this game really brings Street Ball to life . My and my hommies love this game yo .
 Street Hoops is on of the best games I have ever played . It is just like the real thing . The courts are the same and the players are life like . The control is awesome and it has the same moves as the street . They got the move set down for my man Hot Sauce . It also has create a player and a barber shop and stuff like that I hope you see why I give it a 5 star rating and you buy it to . It 's worth every penny .
 Aight , this game is tight . Bet sum cash on a game , win da game , buy new gear . 3 simple steps . Also getting your white boy an afro and a big chest tatoo with sum blingin necklaces is off da hook ! Real streetballers from Hot Sauce to AO . Sick moves like da slip n ' slide and da one & only undr da leg jam ! Bring down the rim listen to da crowd yell `` Blowout ! '' The games got sum sweet hip hop music to . The only reason i gave it 4 stars , was cuz da graphics -LSB- were n't very good ! -RSB-
 This is more than a game it comes with 3 and1 mixtapes aswell as about 4 video clips the music sets the mood and the gameplay is easy to get the hang of and once you unlock the and1 ballers you can do their special moves you can also create your own ballers and then pay for them to get better . over all this game is definately worth the buy .
 I was startin ' to get sick of the same NBA games comin ' out every year ... That 's why I already rate this game a 5 !!! Not only that but the graphics look off the hook !!! Plus , the dunks and the insane crossovers bring the best of streetball right in your own house !!! Watch out NBA basketball ! Cuz Streetball is takin over ...
 I 'll put it plain and simple . Glitchy , boring and lame . That was all I saw in this game . Some decent music however . But other than that , it 's just another clone gone bad .
 This game is the best street game of all time . With the ten different courts including the world famous Rucker Park you can bring out a players full potential . You brake ankles , buy chains , and play with the greatest street players of all time including Hot Sauce and Headache . You can even play with created players and even Little Romeo and Master P.The music is so tight with songs such as Ludicris in Rollout and Xzibit in Front 2 Back . The movies you win help bring out the shake in your own moves . The only downside is you ca n't substitute players during a game and you cant ' create your own team . For anyone who is into the real street ball you got to get this game , it helped my game and I know it will help you .
 Forget NBA2K3 and Live.If you love ballin then you would like this one.The best ballers around and the best courts around.You can put your money on your game.Double it up or lose whatever you bet.Unlock players , courts , gears , balls , and etc.This game will make you wan na play in real life afterwards.But do you have real money to put where your mouth is.Peace .
 I just got it about a couple of hours ago . Its a great game . I like the cool juke moves . The dunks are great too . And you even get to play with girls on the team.Overall It deserves a four . THe only thing I fear about the game is that it will get old a little too fast . I sure hope not .
 when i first heard about Street Hoopz i thought it was Nba Streets part 2 but now that i have seen both and researched a little i have come to this conclusion < b > Street Hoopz < / b > is nothing like Nba Street ... The real Nba Streets part 2 is called Nba Ballers which i guess suppose to compete with Street Hoopz ... If you do n't have Street Hoopz i suggest you go rent it and try out before you buy it ... Too then One ya self
 Street Hoops is the Illiest , dopiest and strait out best steet basketball -LRB- wait best overall basketball -RRB- game on this side of the universe . It has every dunk , fakout move , court , chain , shirt , shorts and shoes you could think of . From playin ' the illest street ballers to gettin ' the flyest gear this game is off da hook ! PERIOD !
 STREET HOOPS IS THE BEST BASKETBALL GAME EVER . PLAY IN 4 GREAT DIFFERENT MODES ; WORLD TOUNAMENT , LORD OF THE COURT,FULL-COURT PICK UP , OR HALF-COURT PICK UP . CHANGE YOUR TEAMS UNIFORMS , UNLOCK COURTS , AND PLAYERS . YOU CAN EVEN CREATE YOUR OWN BALLER IN THIS FANTASTIC GAME . STREET HOOPS ALSO HAS GREAT MUSIC , SO HURRY IN AN BY YOUR COPY TODAY !
 I purchased a demo disc that included Street Hoops last month and I was in awe by it . I enjoyed everything from the gameplay -LRB- which was different from any basketball game I 've ever played -RRB- to the liscenses -LRB- Sean John , Ecko , And 1 , Enyce , etc. -RRB- . There was only one thing that I did n't enjoy and that was the 60 sec . plus loading times . However , the final version has devastatingly faster load times to make it a very unique , and enjoyable , gaming experience .
 I have played it as yet so I ca n't really judge . But from the commercials that game is of the fasizy . Hey I dont know yet but when I play . I 'll get back to you .
 just by reading this i put one on reserve i love nba street so much i brought it ! So now you can gamble on games rock hot -LRB- Sean John i do n't get down with bootleg south pole gear -RRB- gear!what else can i say i have high hopes for this one :0 -RRB- ! p.s. did i forget to metion that is just like nba street but better , but i still love nba street thought ... untill street hoops come then we 'll see.ONE !
 Oh my god I cant even begin to explain how hot this game will be . I agree with you when you said when you first saw screenshots of the game you werent sure.Recently I got a demo of this game and I have not stopped playing it!This game is gon na be so real you get to make your own baller from a list of namebrand clothes , jewlery , you own haircut and what not ? It is going to be sooo much better than Nba Street.You get to bet Virtual cash on new gear.Plus , its got a hot soundtrack to play with and it supports up to five people.This is truly gon na be a good game for parties so you can dominate your friends in the game even if you cant do it in real life.Truely , after playing this game i dare say this game makes Nba Street look like a bunch of grade-school newbies playing against highschoolers ...
 Thisa game is awesome . I was a little weary of buying it at first , but once I started playing it , I could n't put it down . My wife is n't a big fan of it , and I get an attitude from her when I try to show her the cool videos they have of the streetballers . I love it . Unlock the videos on the game , and sit back and enjoy some talented basketball players . People compare it to NBA Street , but I think these are two different games . NBA Street is a little too `` cartoony '' for my taste . The only drawback on Street Hoops , is the announcers . I just turn them off .
 THIS GAME IS PHAT . THE HIPHOP MUSIC ALONE MAKES THIS GAME SOLID . THE CONTROLS ARE THE SAME AS TO NBA LIVE , THE GRAPHICS ARE DECENT , NBA STREET IS BETTER . NO NBA PLAYERS BUT YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE YOUR SQUAD INCLUDING NAMEBRAND CLOTHING , BUY JEWELRY , AFROS OR CLEAN SHAVE , NO SHIRT . THE COMPUTER IS TOUGH , YOU CA N'T JUST GO AROUND AND DUNK IT VERY TIME . HOWEVER , BLOCKING SEEMS TRICKY TO MASTER . U CAN SHOVE , PUSH PLAYERS AND THEY WO N'T LOSE THE BALL . YOU CAN MAKE BETS ON YOUR GAMES . GREAT GAME TO PLAY WITH OTHER PLAYERS , BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND RENTING IT FOR A WEEK FIRST .
 I love this game.It 's lets me tour with the guys , but I 'm not actually there.I feel as if Im part of the game.I felt like Im on the jV team.Playin players like Ao , HOt shizzle , Main event , 1/2 man , and all the playground legends.I recommend this game to all the hardcore streetballer and balleritesPS2 Holla Back !!!!
 This game is really awesome ! The graphics are great , gamestyles are awespme.The game styles include 3 on 3 , World Tournament and many others.Also you can unlock different parks and players as you go along -LRB- Rucker Park and Hot Sauce -RRB- Another good part about this game is that you can buy your team new haircuts , jewlery , clothes , tatoos with the money you win if you bet on your game.All in All this game rocks !
 My high expectations for this game were satisfied . This is a basketball game with great design and style . The graphics are quite satisfying and the gameplay is smooth . The audio is excellent . There 's even a few music videos you can watch in the `` movies '' section of the game . Another great feature of the game is customizing your player 's attire and giving him different tatooes , jewelry , or changing his hair . I also like betting on games . You can bet money and then earn it by winning a match , scoring the most dunks or 3 pointers in a match , etc. . The one minor quirk with this game which makes me score it 4 instead of 5 is the controls . shooting and passing to team mates is easy but once you try to rebound or steal it can get difficult . stealing only works sometimes and trying to recover a loose ball is tough because the opposite team usually dives for it and gets it first . Overall a rather addictive game with great style . Opinions will vary , so I suggest renting it first .
 ok this game is awsome nba street was more fake while this game is pure street basketball.you can play from like 10 courts inculding the cage and rucker -LRB- my fav -RRB- u can create ur own player but not ur own team.you can play as street legends like hot sauce a.o. and headache also 1/2 man 1/2 amazing.the tracks on dis game r off the hook.you can also buy gear from brands like and1 p miller sean john and rockawear.u can also get chains or some ink on ur skin.u also can watch movies liek master p oooowwwwhhheee and1 mixtapes 3-5 bottom line dis is the streetball game to own
 First of all i wrote a review for this game before & everybody stright clowned me ! it 's good , cause now i 've can back up my walk with my talk.Said to be a `` sequel '' to NBA street '' this game takes it bit futher.i 'll break it down.the good : you can still do all the amazing & crazy tricks that made the first one a keeper , also rosters will also contain players from the `` AND 1 MIXtape '' craze as well as players from the NIKE frrestyle '' tapes as well.Gear wise you can put youre playaz in the latest gear form Sean John , South Pole , Echo , & Pure ; Playaz.Musci wise you 'll hear music from DMX , X to tha Z , & more of hip hops faves . Better graphics , smother play , more playgrounds to choose from.the Bad : if you own a game cube you 're out of luck -LRB- for now maybe , it 's not commin out for that system ... yet -RRB- ...
 This game is the best ! I bought this game right when it came out . I 've been waiting for Blood Omen 2 to come out for months and now it 's finally out . The graphics are sweet and the sound rules . If you like Soul Reaver than you will love Blood Omen 2 better . Blood Omen 2 has a great storyline . I recommend buying this game if you do n't have it ...
 what a simply brilliant game , all the controlsare perfect , all the areas beatifully designed , all the voice actors excellent -LRB- a rarity -RRB- , theonly reason i give this game 4 instead of 5 starsis that it has almost no replayability ... itsthe identical set of circumstances again . . imanaged to replay it once , there are parts thatyou just Have to see again , for example , TheEternal Prison ... my final word is , if your afan of the series Buy This Game . If your not , orif your new to the series rent it.it took me probably 40 hours to finish it withalot of playing around .
 This installment of Kain is quite diffrent from his isometric RPG-esque roots , but such is the way of a next-gen sequel . Blood Omen 2 is your standard puzzle solving , melle-fighting action/adventure tale , but with enough dressing and gore-ification to garner well deserved attention.The appeal of the game is in it 's attitude . I liked traversing the area of Nosgoth , and I enjoyed sucking the blood of it 's inhappitants . Kain is a straight-up cool chachter , with his wry british attitude and his disain for the human race . If the main-chachter had been some pitchwork-feilding farmer named Elmer , the game would n't have been as fun . + KainStealth KillsBloodGraphicsWeapons - A little shortFinal Score
 The game play reminds me much of the first Soul Reaver . You are guided through the first part of the game by a female vampire that seems to have Kain 's best interests at heart . You learn how to survive and use two of your dark gifts from her . Soon you are -LSB- taking -RSB- blood from villagers , guards and any other form of creature that gets in your way . There are some tough bosses to defeat but if I can beat them , a novice will be sure to uncover the technique they will need to move on . The graphics are great but there are times that the enemy will blend into the walls or after being crushed , end up laying half in mid-air . Once you receive all of the dark gifts the fun begins . There are three for fighting exclusively . The best is `` Beserk '' . Kain gets into a `` Matrix '' type of ... kickin ' mode . This is very cool . The reason it receives only 4 stars is because you can not skip movie scenes even if you had watched them before . It gives you a quick break but if you were ready to slash away , you got ta wait .
 This is a great game , worth the money . Great story , both my sons had a good time playing this game and did n't finish the game in two minutes -LRB- their usual time -RRB- .
 Blood Omen 2 is a good game overall , which is hard to find these days . The story is intriguing and the characters are interesting . Let 's break this game down : GRAPHICS
 I 'm sure there are many gamers out there who , with enough imagination , will find something wrong to say with any x-box game . I 'm not one of those people . I found the game really fun , and I recommend this game to any one who likes games who are challenging but accessible . I 'm sure some will find that this description does n't deserve &agrave; Five star rating , and maybe they are right . But the truth is I wish more reviews were more honest -LRB- from the heart -RRB- and less technical . Trust me , you wo n't be dissapointed if you get this game !
 I liked this game even thought it was a bit slow . You get your moneys worth though , it 's long and not too easy . The blood and guts becomes a bit old after the first few hundred people you kill -LRB- optional -RRB- and I think the creators saw this and so every level or so you find new wepons to use for an ever entertaining demise for the towns people , thugs and other nemeses . I think stars are given out a little too easily these days but I gave it a four because of the story line . One of the only games where I have liked the story line . This game is definatly for adults and not kids so if your stomach turnes easily please , for your sake have a large can or container to vomit in .
 This game is probably the best of the Legacy of Kain series , and to me , it is . It has a great story that you will want to play further to learn more about it . It has good graphics for the Xbox , but nothing really special . As you progress through the game beating bosses you get new powers from them after they are defeated . Speaking of bosses , this game has great boss battles . Each one makes you think about how you must defeat them , it is never by just hitting them over and over . It is not a scary game because you are the bad guy , and that 's what makes it so cool . You dont run away from anyone , they run away from YOU . As I am sure you have probably heard this is not a good game for young kids or for the faint of heart . I 'd say it is OK for a 13 year old , but thats bup to parents . The puzzles in the game are nothing special , but they are in there so you dont get bored with just going around killing people . I 'd say this is a must own for the of age Xbox owner .
 I ca n't put this game down . The Whole Concept of the Dark Gifts is faboulous . THe battle scenes are great and you actually have to contemplate your next move in battle . Granted there is a lot of Puzzles to solve it 's not all action . But there is plenty of Peasants to drain the blood out of , and is n't gratutious violence what video games is all about ?
 FROM THE MOMENT I STARTED PLAYING BLOOD OMEN 2 , I GOT BLOWN AWAY BY EVERYTHING IN THE GAME . THE VOICE ACTING IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HEARD IN A VIDEO GAME , THE STORY IS EXCELLENT , THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT , THE BOSS FIGHTS ARE GREAT , THE NON-PLAYABLE CHARACTERS ARE ENTERTAINING AND MOST IMPORTANT -LRB- TO ME -RRB- IS KAIN 'S JUMPING AND STEALTH POWERS . THOSE TWO ABILITIES MADE ME WANT AN XBOX VERSION OF ALIENS VS. PREDATOR IN AN ACTION-ADVENTURE . NOW , WHEN IS EIDOS GOING TO BRING TOMB RAIDER TO THE XBOX ?
 I got this game a couple weeks ago and just finished it . I have n't played any of the other games in this series . But i enjoyed this one very much . In so many games it 's good VS. evil . In this game it 's pretty much evil VS. Evil . It 's a cool change being the bad guy . The graphics are excellent as is the sound . The story is n't great but it 's Ok . The game does have a few flaws , As someone mentioned you ca n't really jump over an enemy even though you jump higher . The lock on feature sometimes works against you because when you 're up against more then one enemy they can hit you from behind . And one of the suprising things about this game is the last battle . It was n't hard at all.But over all it was a very fun game . and well worth my -LSB- money -RSB- .
 it starts of slow and kind a boring.even the grafics in the begining are just `` ok '' . but keep on playing and from chapter 4 you will love it.as kain gets to learn his new abilitys , even the grafics seem to have `` learned '' . there are rooms and places in this game that make your jaws drop open.and the gameplay is evolving too.sure there is some things they could have done better - but hey , we want a blood omen 3 - dont we !? it is a good and solid game - you are not going to regret if you buy it . and if you dont buy it - it is not that you missed years best game , so do not worry .
 I absoluetly love this game . Its better than the first game and its one of the best games regardless of system
 blood omen 2 is a good game . but it doesnt take long to beat . i rented it and it took me 3 days to beat it . it is fun to replay tho and has good graphics .
 I had never played one of the `` Legend of Kain '' series untill now , but I 'm glad that I did play this one . I saw it ... and thought it was awesome , so I bought it the next day when it was released . It was hard to put down because it was so awesome . I finished it the next night . If you have ever been interested in `` Darkness '' like Vampires , ect . then you will LOVE this game . It is so gruesome and disgusting that you wo n't believe it . Kain feels no pitty !! Attack and Kill unarmed civilians without mercy and be rewarded for it ! Puzzles to keep you thinking but not hard enough to make you mad . The controls are not hard , I rate the graphics about an 8 , and the fun-factor is a 10 . I mean whats wrong characters losing their heads , having their heart ripped out from behind -LRB- ever see `` End of Days '' ? -RRB- , or crawling a way as they bleed to death ? This is NOT a game for easily disturbed people !!! But this IS a FUN game !
 ... I hope I have your trust in my opinion that this game is one of the most unique and best things that has happened to both PS2 and XBOX gaming ever . For those who do n't know , heres the plot , Kain and his army are sabotaged and defeated by the Sarafan , Kain loses his prized possesion , the sword known as the Soul Reaver , and nearly loses his life due to a fall in the so-called abyss or earth down below . His body is found 200 years later where it is revived by Umah and the Vampire resistance known as the Cabal . Kain suffers from a deep amnesia but is clued in about what has happened during his hibernation for 200 years . The Sarafan now rule Kain 's throne of anguish and pain and all that is cruel and evil . Kain is then taught how to kill , and to drink blood from his foes again . Kain 's dark gifts are incredibly cool and easy to use , and Kain earns new gifts as he defeats the guardian vampires such as the ability to jump for great distances , much like the jumping found in Blade , seriously . Kain is easy to control which adds to the replayability alot . This is clearly the brightest spot of the Legacy of Kain series and would be greatly reccomended to Legacy of Kain fanatics or Action/Adventure gamers anyday of the week with it 's deep swordplay and combat system . This is a must-buy .
 To start off here I just want to let you video gamers know this is my first experience with the Legacy of Kane series and also I did not buy this game I went cheap and rented it . So do n't frown on me to much.Anyway now onto the review I found this game pretty interesting and fun to play . Taking Kane through the land of Meridian and fighting various foes and drinking blood was pretty cool I must admit and my hats off to the people at EIDOS because they made the city look very dark and moody . Fun to take a vampire and roam the streets . Also the game had very challenging puzzles that made me scratch my head at times . The gameplay is also solid and for the weak of heart the game is quite bloody . Good cut scenes as well , and interesting characters . But why are all the women wearing next to nothing ... can that actually be fun to fight in ?? Anyway onto the downsides , this is not a long game I had the game for five days and pretty much got to the last level without much difficulty , and thats without playing it constantly . It does has a small replay value , but in my mind its not enough to buy it unless your a hardcore vampire gaming fan . The game is also very repetitive , how much blood can one fella drink anyway ? Drinking blood and hacking and slashing everything that moves gets a bit tiresome , fun at first and only more interesting with the weapons and dark gifts but still tiresome after a long while . But they still made killing the poor helpless saps that much better.Overall the use of the Dark Gifts and solid gameplay make this game a pretty good rent in my mind , buying it is a bit much unless your a fan of the series or just like these types of games . Frankly it was n't long enough and involved enough for me . Good cut scenes , interesting puzzles , and solid gameplay gets this game a solid must rent status and 4 out of 5 stars .
 I have only played a demo from this game , it 's not the final version but I got to say ... this is a good game , it The graphics are the best I 've seen , not that much but they are really good . The story is great but the game play still needs a little work , but when it comes out it 's a must buy , It is the game I am expecting the most .
 Blood Omen 2 provides original enviroments , tons more than the original . With stunning graphics , this may even be better than the game of the year , Halo . Earns an A + . Also try
 I really enjoyed playing this game . This is the first game in the Legacy of Kain series that I have played so I have nothing to base it on . I felt the fighting could get a little repetative , but the story is so engrosing that you ca n't stop playing . The graphics are outstanding even though it 's only as powerful as the PS2 . A special X-Box version with enhanced graphics would have been nice . It looks great anyway and I would recommend to anyone to at least play this game .
 I bought this game over the weekend and let me tell you something `` WOW '' . The graphics , the sound , the storyline , the BLOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!! , . what else could you want in a game . Im a huge fan or horror movies and video games and this one is in top form.the story is about a legiondary vampire named Kain who comes back from the dead after 200 years to take back his kingdom and avenge his murder . his enemys are a group of humans called the Sarafon . they basicly love tortureing others and kill any vampire that walks the night . they 're aided by other vampires who have all had their history with Kain and also want complete power . with The Cabal -LRB- the vampire organization -RRB- and a few loyal friends , Kain fights back to take position of his land -LRB- Nosgoth -RRB- , the soul reaver -LRB- his weapon -RRB- , and destroy the sarafan once and for all.Fans of Soul Reaver 2 will love this game even more
 I 've played many , many games like this but this is definitely the best I 've played . At first look you may think it 's just a game where you go around killing people , but after you play it for a while you 'll realize the engrossing story which goes along with it . People may say that it 's slow paced , which I saw in a few reviews , but the story is so good that I actually play the levels to see what happens in the story ! It 's that good . I highly recommend buying this game , but as always , rent it first .
 Pretty good game , seems quite repetitive but good action .
 Kain is back to reclaim the high throne ! Cast down from power by a mysterious warlord centuries ago , Kain reawakens in a world he barley regonizes . His armies slain , his vampire brethen nearly extinct , Kain is one of the last of his kind . With an agenda of vegence , Kain shall unleash a wicked wrath to uncover the plot that threatens the land he seeks to conquer . Execute fierce and brutal combos with battle-axes , swords and other heavy metal weaponry . When weapon edges dull on bone and steel , turn to Dark Gifts such as beserk and stealth to exact your lethal will . In pursuit of power or just for the thrill of the kill , Kain 's lust for blood is inspiring . For more info on this game go to
 I have played Halo legendary mode for most levels including Truth and Reconciliation . Saying that , I absolutely love Blood Omen II . The backgrounds and environments are phenomenal , even if the some of characters are n't as remarkable -LRB- a little crude in some cases -RRB- . Without spoiling it , the special abilities that you acquire are extremely cool . Some of the bosses are difficult and require a little research or you get frustrated . But , hey , the whole Flood portion of Halo is frustratingly mind numbing and I still like it . I think you 'll agree , this game is a keeper .
 im was a little mad they only made blood omen 2 from the series for xbox and not the others from the series but i have beaten the game and they give u some clips of wuts happening in the storyline kain is a very cool and powerful vampire who once wanted to rule nosgoth so he had to deafet the sarafan lord and his army so he gathered up a lot of vampires but for some reason his sword the soul reaver a very powerful sword wasnt harming the sarafan lord because the sarafan lord was wearing the nexus stone so he couldnt be harmed by it in this game in the series he has to get his strength back and kill the sarafan lord who now has the soulrever so ya you guessed it kain gets the nexus stone anway this is my rating gameplay = 4 and a half star -LRB- fun to kill then suck blud frome people + -RRB- storyline = once u see the clip really awseome graphics = 50 % good and u people who think its the xbox and ps2 or the gamecubes graphics on this game r better then u r very wrong all in all i would encorage this game to everyon all ages very fun and cool i luved it
 Rented this over the weekend and I actually enjoyed enough that I 'm thinking of buying it . First off , I 'm not into vampire stuff , but I did find this game a lot of fun to play . I had seen some screen shots and did n't like them because of their messy look , but turns out the graphics is excellent and actually quite clean . -LRB- Saw some kids play the PS2 version in store and I 'm happy to report that the Xbox version has much better graphics and also smoother framerate . -RRB- One thing that I really like about the game is the easy-to-master controls . A lot of first-person adventure games -LSB- are bad -RSB- because playing them requires more skills than fighting an F-18 . But this game is easy to learn . At the beginning Umah , a female busty vampire , trains you in the basic controls . It 's important to master them as you 'll get quite busy later on . The environment is large and well done . Occasionally you do run into a camera-angle problem -LRB- i.e. , you ca n't really see what you are doing -RRB- , but that 's rare.While Kain looks pretty ugly -- this is my first LoK game -- I have to admit that I actually liked him a lot by the time I finished the trainings . Which , of course , made me enjoy the game more . : -RRB- Excellent game , and there is more than enough content to make it more than a rental title .
 There is just something undeniably fun about slashing , hacking , and dismembering innocent -LRB- and not so innocent -RRB- villagers and then sucking their blood for sustenance . This game had it all , silent decapitations , attacking and slashing women out with their baby carriages , and finishing off wounded victims with a series of ruthless kicks ! It is so politically incorrect , and so , so , fun.One thing that elevates Blood Omen above some of the competition -LRB- like Hunter , The Reckoning -RRB- is that their is more to it than just fighting . Scattered throughout the game are various puzzles that must be solved to advance to the next level . Alternating the violence with strategy and puzzle solving is what makes this game good for hours of entertainment . I finally made it through the entire game , but it took me a week of long nights and consulting on-line strategy guides.Two minor critisisms of this game :1 . It is a little bit too linear . The game usually forces you down one path only with little or no options . i.e. the only door that is open is the one you must go through .2 . It needs a little polishing graphically . Do n't get me wrong , the scenery is fantastic , but slain victums fall into solid walls , and lie in impossible positions over the edges of cliffs , bridges , etc.Is it worth buying ? YES ! . Is it perfect ? no
 Blood Omen 2 is number four in the Legacy of Kain series . The first Blood Omen was an excellent game . Soul Reaver was very playable , and Soul Reaver 2 was a good sequel to it , but Blood Omen 2 is by far far the best game . To start off with , Blood Omen 2 takes place 400 years after Blood Omen , and several hundred years before both of the Soul Reavers . In Blood Omen 2 , you as Kain are slain by the Sarafan Lord and have been asleep for 200 hundred years . The goal in Blood Omen 2 is to destroy the Sarafan Lord . The graphics in this game are extremely good , and the sound is great . One of the best features of this game is that you can replay the beginning cutscene , and watch two Blood Omen 2 trailers , and also the trailer for Mad Dash Racing -LRB- another game by Eidos Interactive -RRB- . Blood Omen 2 received a mature rating , and it is not a game for anyone under 10 years of age . Blood Omen 2 is one of the best games out there for XBox .
 If you liked soul reaver2 you should love this game .
 I got this game and started playing and loved it . You get new abilities as you progress and puzzles that arent that hard . The battling is cool but gets hard , but later when you get use to fighting the hard enemies its fairly simple . This also has stealth like abilities like in tenchu but you can still battle like any other game . If you didnt like soul reaver or blood omen 1 this is different and should still be given a shot .
 Blood Omen 2 is the best of the Legacy of Kain games , barnone . The story , the gameplay , and the intangibles simply make this a fun and engaging game to play.For those who are n't familiar with the series , Legacy of Kain 's main hero/villain -LRB- depending on which game you 're playing -RRB- is Kain , a vampire in the land of Nosgoth who eventually ends up taking over the entire world and plunging it into darkness . Blood Omen 2 takes place roughly 200 years after the first Blood Omen and after Kain 's first attempt to conquer Nosgoth ended at the city of Meridian . Kain wakes up and sets out to destroy the Serafan Lord , the head of the Serafan order and the one who beat Kain two centuries earlier.The game 's controls are very basic , but to make sure you understand it , the story starts with a tutorial in the slums of Meridian . This helps you to get the mechanics down before you 're thrown into battle . The fighting mechanics are very simple . You can do a three-hit combo or grab , hit , and throw your opponent . There are also several different kinds of weapons at your disposal , but they all pretty much do the same thing , although the speed and power of the attacks vary.There are also several dark gifts for you to use in the game , including Mist , which lets you perform stealth kills , and Charm , which allows you to control the ordinary humans in the game . You ca n't get through the game without using these , so you really have to learn them well.There 's also a wide variety of enemies , ranging from knights to demons . Each battle is different as well , as each opponent blocks your attacks and uses their own . The boss battles are really the highlight of combat though , as each battle requires you to do more than just fight . You have to use your dark gifts in order to defeat them , for the most part , and you also must use ingenuity.There are puzzles in the game , but they are n't nearly as challenging as the ones in the Soul Reaver games . Most of them take a little time to figure out , but eventually exploring and a good eye allow you to figure it out . I think the most time I spent on one puzzle is ten minutes.The storyline and the cutscenes are also extremely engaging . The story is as good as any supernatural drama , with twists and turns that keep you interested in the story . There are also little touches in the gameplay , such as the regular humans conversing with each other.The only complaint I have about this game is that it is too short . Part of that is because this game is so engaging and fun that you can end up spending hours playing it without even knowing it . But that is a minor thing.Overall , this game is incredible and is a must-own for anyone who is a fan of either the Legacy of Kain series or action/horror games in general .
 BLOOD OMEN 2 THE LEGACY OF KAIN IS A REAL TREAT OR SHOULD I SAY BLOODY SNACK.NEVER BEFORE HAVE I SUCKED THE BLOOD FROM PEOPLE AND HACKED UP PEOPLE LIKE IN THIS GAME IT HAS A GREAT STORY LINE AND PERFECT GRAPHICS AND CAN GET ALITTLE TRICKY AT TIMES ITS ABOUT TIME XBOX HAS COME OUT WITH A ADULTS ONLY GAME YA THATS RIGHT THIS ONES NOT FOR THE KIDDIES . JUST WAIT TILL YOUR GIRLFRIEND IS SITTING NEXT TO YA EATIN A SLICE OF PIZZA AND SEES YOU SUCKING BLOOD SHE WILL FLIP OR VOMITOHHHH YAAAAA .
 very nice graphics pretty freaky and cool spells besek is my fave my only complaint is its tooo easy other than that its awsome
 Wow , the story and gameplay are by far the best to anything out there . Great Game , a must have !
 After the first hour or two -LRB- which were a little frustrating -RRB- , I was hooked . This game is way better than either of the Moto GP games . If you really like motorcycles , you should n't be disappointed .
 Not as good as Motogp2 , but almost there . I love bikes , I have owned many and currently ride a ZX9R , so being able to control many different types was a definite plus . Also the ability to upgrade like `` GT '' was a good option . What I felt was lacking was the sharpness of the graphics , like motogp 's . The AI 's did however improved as you worked your way up in classes . Class S is no joke .
 This is the best PS2 bike game available . It is n't perfect , the soundtrack is lacking and the graphics are nothing special . I do however enjoy the physics modelling and gameplay . If you brake while leaned over in a curve the bike will tend to stand up/run wide -LRB- very much like my own road going sport bike -RRB- . The arcade modes are probably too hard for most but the career mode -LRB- Riding Spirit -RRB- is tonnes of fun . Now if they could spruce up the graphics , add some online play , and improve the soundtrack ...
 My son -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- recieved a PSII for Christmas along with RS and several other games . So far he has shown little interest in the other games but ca n't get enough of RS . It took him a while to figure out how to stear but once he got the hang of it he was hooked . Of coarse , he always comes in last and sticks to the simplest of tracks but that does n't bother him in the least . He loves being able to pick his own bike , gear and helmet and reacing against his dad . His only complaint is he can not figure out how to make the bike go faster .
 With the populararity of the Grand Turismo and other racing simulators at an all-time high , it was only a matter of time before motorcyles got the treatment as well . In fact the fans have been clamoring for some kind of satisfaction regardless of incarnation . The result of such a demand is Riding Spirits . And while some of you may not notice its incredible resmblance to a certain award-winning franchise , it 's quality of gameplay does n't quite stack up . Graphically inferior to glitzy modernday racers , and no where near as fast as it should be , RS ca n't be compared to it 's counterparts . Despite it 's detailed apperance though , its hefty number of cycles , tracks , options , and features are sure to appeal to some . A more than acceptable finished product to be sure it could have been a lot better .
 First of all , I have to say that I do n't get into all the technical ins and outs of games . Realism is always a plus , but game play and replayability are a must for me . Being a motorcyle rider -LRB- Ducati 996S and Ducati 900 SS -RRB- I know how bikes really ride . This game gets pretty close . Ofcourse it is n't perfect , but how close can you get . There is no comparison between sitting on your sofa playing a game and throttling through your favorite twisties in the Dolomiti . This game makes you come back for more . There are good levels of progression through the game , moving through different bike sizes and competition levels . Upgrades on bikes are available and increase your competitiveness . Bike selection is good through the big four industry producers . My ONLY complaint is that I wish they had more companies to choose from . Some of the less known and harder to find bike companies would be nice -LRB- Benelli , Mondial , Bimota , MV Agusta , Cagiva , Gilera -RRB- Even Ducati , Aprilia , and BMW would have been nice . But other than that , it is a good game , with good visuals that keeps you coming back for more .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Riding Spiris is a good game overall . The handling takes time to geet used to but -LSB- once -RSB- u learn when to brake its pretty fun . lots of good bikes . you earn money fast and in big amounts . oh yeah . for all u retards that think u can stop on a dime with a bike when you 're goin 180 mph ... you 're wrong . try braking well before the turn . = P
 I have been playing Luftwaffe Commander & Microsofts Combat Flight Simulator & liked 'em both.I really liked playing Luftwaffe Commander & would recommend it to others . I would also recommend a Joystick to use , the keyboard is rather difficult but if your buying a flight sim a Joystick is really the way to go anyway.I would give it 4 stars compared to 5 for MS CFS because you can do more with the MS CFS like add planes , missions & other things as add-ons to the basic game.On the whole I 'm glad I got it !
 I had this game and somehow missplaced it so am buying another . I like the way the game starts you out and then you have to earn your promotions . The flying was fantastic & you learn a lot about air combat & what they went thru . I did find out if you pancaked your landing when in trouble you had much better chance in surviving . Keep the wheels up and live to fight another day . Love these types of games .
 If you like a simulation that does n't requiretoo much of a learning curve , this is theone for you . It has a fairly decent campaignstory line and it requires just enough skillto keep you interested and casually coming back for more.It 's flight physcics are a little off -LRB- you can not performa loop -RRB- , but all in all it deserves a good rating.It will not run without a 3D graphics card .
 This product is very useful ... protec the entry of the any usb dispositive , you can avoid that your data fall in bad hands . I recommend !
 I really enjoy playin this on my PS1 in 2011 . Im on summer in Highschool so I figured buy a PS1 and some of my classic favorites and I have really been enjoying the purchase . The game is just a great arcade port . Its a fun , simple RPG and go 's back to when gaming was just put in a disc and play . No memberships or monthly fee 's , just simple fun . Its a great game . Id buy it again .
 I have been trying to remember this game for such a long time . I could never remember what it was called . I 'm writing this review based on hazy memories of my childhood . I would play this for hours with my dad and It was so much fun ! I plan on buying a PS1 , and I will definitely be getting this game along with it ! I recommend it for people who enjoy playing these type of games , particularly in co-op .
 You WILL like this game if your ever were or are a fan of the original Guantlet for NES or the arcade version . This game still has that certain something that attracted me in the first place but only now its in a true 3D environment . If you liked Guantlet before , then this version is a must .
 Really whoever said it was so bad must have been psycho . I thought it was very addicting and fun . I just recently beat it after about a couple of weeks . This game is long , but very fun and puzzling . Up to two players at a time killing enemies and getting the obelisks and rune stones , is no simple task . I thought the game had an excellent plot . The music is astounding . It is possibly the best mood setting music ever ! Choose between four characters , each with four different costumes . With 4 worlds and 6 bosses , and 13 rune stones , you have your work cut out for you . The bonus levels are cool too . The graphics are better then most people say . I think they were great ! The sound does not sound like pacman , quite the contrary . *** hint *** Each boss is weak to a legendary weapon you must find . Do n't go against them without it ! Amazon is selling it for $ ... witch is a steal , so I say BUY IT NOW !!!
 I 've played the arcade game many times , and I 've betten Skorne 4 times , I ca n't wait for the PSX version to come out . Although , to be honest , the 2 player mode is a bit of rip off , if it 's a arcade-to-home conversion , it should have as many arcade like qualities as possible , especially the things that make it uniqe . But other than that , it soudns like it 's gon na kick some butt with the extra characters and deathmatch mode , etc. .
 I got this game for my mom at christmas -LRB- in reference to N64 version -RRB- and she loved it . we have now beaten Skorne -LRB- head bad guy -RRB- five times , and its getting a bit boring for me at least . My friend comes over to play it all the time , and when we saw it at the arcade , she was estatic . We wondered why they had changed the desert and forest to a town , though . we played the desert , and felt that it and the forest should have been included in the game for home . thats why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 . great game , hope the PSX is good too .
 I got this game for my mom at christmas -LRB- in reference to N64 version -RRB- and she loved it . we have now beaten Skorne -LRB- head bad guy -RRB- five times , and its getting a bit boring for me at least . My friend comes over to play it all the time , and when we saw it at the arcade , she was estatic . We wondered why they had changed the desert and forest to a town , though . we played the desert , and felt that it and the forest should have been included in the game for home . thats why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 . great game , hope the PSX is good too .
 This game is a lot of fun .
 This game is so cool . I have played the original gauntlet games before and loved them , but i always hated that your life gradually depleted , but in this game it does n't . Also you have the ability to gain levels so you can get stronger , buy things with the gold you pick up , and find dozens of items and power ups to make you journey alot easier , you also have special attacks that destroy tons of enemys at once . If you like action/rpg games , this game is for you .
 While the arcade game is completely awesome and addicting , the Play station version is n't half bad . Really , who ever thinks that a game made for the arcade will be as great at home as it was in the arcade has some serious problems . As far as i 've noticed -LRB- with out beating the whole game , which should happen later today -RRB- there are only a few problems . One is that of course you only can have 2 players instead of 4 , and another is that it seems to easy . Where in the arcade you 'd be sweating and grabbing more quarters , in this game you may think `` well i dunno '' and then still end up winning . it lacks any serious competition for the player . but if you want a way to numb your mind for a few hours , and are n't to picky about perfect graphics or brain beating competition , this game is n't a bad way to go .
 Gauntlet Legends on the PSX has gotten some poor reviews , but I think it was actually quite a good game . When will people understand that arcade games converted to consoles will ALWAYS lose something in the translation ? It never fails . This has been true with just about every title that has ever been brought home from the arcade , from the old Street Fighter 2 all the way up to the Tekken series , so it should be no surprise here.Also , I think that taking away the decreasing life was a GOOD thing , and that alone made the rating for the PSX version worth at least 3 stars . That was nothing but a cheap ploy to make you spend way more quarters than any reasonably skilled player should have to . There are far better and more realistic ways to create a challenge than to have characters lose life for no earthly reason . That 's just lame , and it 's something I 've always hated about the Gauntlet series . With that feature finally removed , the game is now actually an adventure , not the `` rat in a maze '' type of thing it used to be.The music on this game is also very good , particularly the main theme that plays during the menu screens and the music on Warrior 's Mountain . The boss music is cool too , even with the modernized tracks slipped in there . Some music , though , was just annoying , such as the first of the Town stages with the Zombies.There were a few disappointments , though . I do n't think there was enough challenge , especially in the boss battles . I was also disappointed that the Spider Queen boss was missing completely . The only thing that made the stages more challenging is that they became increasingly more maze-like -LRB- not good in my opinion -- makes things extremely repetitive and unnecessarily tedious -RRB- and that the enemies simply moved a little faster and took more hits to kill.Also , the graphics were rather poor when compared to the arcade . It 's impossible for any console to completely match an arcade version , especially not in the graphics or animation department , but I think the PSX could have done much better than this . The FMVs were fine , but outside of that , all of the heroes are very blocky and pixelated , especially on the character selection screen . Once you get into the game though , the graphics become less of annoyance because you 're not really paying them too much attention.The absence of the 4-player mode was a weakness as well , but two is also fun . I do n't think the PSX version had enough challenge even for one player though , let alone four.Overall , those expecting a perfect arcade-to-console port should look elsewhere , but this game was still fun , and good enough to stand on its own merits .
 I am fairly new to the video game scene . Before a few months ago , I had n't played a video game in well over ten years . So when I recently received a Playstation , I was thrilled to learn that one of my favorite Arcade games -LRB- Gauntlet Legends -RRB- from my youth was available in a new updated form . Before I purchased it I read reviews all over the net to get a feel for it . The majority of the reviews I read claimed it was only a so-so game , but I bought it anyway . Needlesstosay , I love it ! Though there are obvious changes from the old arcade version , this new version has everything I was looking for in a game . There might be some aspects that can be improved , but I do n't have any major complaints . Some say it 's repetitive , but I like that . Besides , the enemies and scenery change , and there are many challenges to face . In case anyone forgot , the old -LRB- and new -RRB- arcade versions were highly repetitive too ! I absolutley love this game and recommend it to anyone looking to simply shoot a bunch of stuff . A great game !
 Like I said , if you 've got a whole lot of time , then plug Gauntlet Legends into your consol and play till the cows come home - literally . This game is very long , but very worth it . The graphics are great , and the `` addictiveness '' rates highly on my scale . I usually do n't fancy these adventure games at all , in fact , I did n't want to play this game when my friend first offered , but the second I started killing stuff that instinct deep withing me kicked in , and I could hardly stop playing . Once again , you need time , money , and the craving to kill stuff if you truly want to play GAUNTLET LEGENDS .
 I recently found out that Gauntlet was out for the n64 . I played it when it first hit the scene and had some great memories playing it 4 person mode at the arcade . We fed a lot of quarters into that machine back then . I got the game for my kids this summer and it rocks . The family has enjoyed it and the effects are fantastic and the secret characters are an excellent bonus . Its still the same game of hack and slash , just as before only with better tech and graphics . If you only play one game this summer get out more . Just kidding . Overall and excellent game . try it out you just might like it .
 got this and it is a classic love it and must buy for anyone who still has a ps1 i could play it for hours
 Fun game , really captures the classic game style . Fun co-op mode to player with a friend . All around pretty good .
 First , let me qualify this review by saying that I have not played this game for more than a few hours . Also , I have not attempted playing it by myself , as frankly I ca n't imagine being entertained by this game 's single-player offering.And that 's what Gauntlet comes down to , really . It 's a great multiplayer cooperative game , but it 's not meant to be played alone . If you do n't have friends who can come over every week or two to join your dungeon crawl , DO NOT PICK THIS UP.That said , I 've been having a blast with this game . Gauntlet Legends was fun on the N64 , and this game offers a lot of the same great gameplay with extra classes , items , and -LRB- perhaps best of all -RRB- higher-resolution graphics which makes everything easier to see.Not that this game will win any awards for its visuals . Midway went for quantity , not quality -LRB- a good thing -RRB- and while Gauntlet has the ability to throw what seems like millions of monsters at you at once , they obviously are not high-poly models.The framerate stutters a little at times - perhaps more than it should . In my experience it does n't really hamper gameplay , and does n't really bother me . If Perfect Dark 's framerates bothered you , you might find this annoying as well.One feature that I really love is the ability to manage multiple characters under each save file . For example , when I load my particular save file associated with my name ` JASON ' , I can then select any character class and level up in that class . I currently have a level 17 Wizard and a level 9 Warrior to my name . You can also access character arbitration between levels and change your class without worrying about managing extra save data . It 's really quite nifty.Anyway , I 'm hooked on this game . I think it 's underrated - you 'd be hard-pressed to find a better 4-player cooperative game on the market -LRB- outside of sports titles -RRB- - if you have friends to play with , this is definitely worth a purchase .
 gauntlet : dark legacy this game is great fun , especially if you invite 3 friends to play with you but let me tell you the review i would give this game.Graphics7 .5 / 10 , Gameplay10/10 , and sound10/10 . Even though the graphics arent so good on this game it will still bring you great fun.Oh yeah my dad loves this game he plays it alot so folks let me tell you something this a got to get game and by the way i forgot to put my final score for gauntlet : dark legacy so ... all in all it would be a 9.2 / 10 . ~ merry christmas ~ .
 This game is downright awesome . You get to choose from four totally new awesome charecters -LRB- Knight , Jester , Sorceress , and Dwarf -RRB- plus the old charecters -LRB- Warrior , Wizard , Archer , and Valkyrie -RRB- , not to mention 8 more unlockables ! Each hero has a true form as a MONSTER !!! I 'm a red Wizard that I started no more than two months ago , and he 's already the Legend of the game , with full stats , health , level and all , thanks to the mind-boggling graphics and the intense story line that keeps you on for hours ! -LRB- Hint
 This is one of the first Gamecube Games I have played . It is really fun , and Leveling up the charactors gives the game GREAT replay value . Who cares if it has horrible voice acting , It is still fun . Like some other reviewers said , This game is great to play with your family . Even my mom and my 6 year old sister like to play this . Whenever my cousins come over , we do 4-player mode and it is AWESOME.As Most Midway games go , this is fairly easy to beat -LRB- I beat it alone when I was like 10 -RRB- But sometimes all the levels do get repetitive . It definately looks like this game was rushed to the stores . There is alot of glitches and bugs in it , and it freezes . And as for the levels , the only thing that it changes as you go along are the backrounds , and the emenies . But a few puzzles here and there makes up for that.THE BOTTOM LINE : This was an overlooked and underrated Gamecube game , but with lots of potentiol . This is a must have for your Gamecube collection , as long as you can take it correctly , and deal with the glitches . You should rent it first and if you like it , then buy it . I have had this game since 2002 , and still play it like every 2 weeks . Why not give it a try ?
 Word of caution to those that are purchasing this game ... as you get deeper into the levels , there is a problem in the coding that causes the game to randomly freeze up when you obtain a hint scroll . According to MidWay Tech Support , they are aware of the problem , but there is currently no fix in the works.The game itself is great fun and the lock up proves to be mildly annoying -LRB- you will need to restart the Gamecube and begin the level over . -RRB- I 'm just surprised to find that MidWay is well aware of the problem and not working to fix it.Thought it would be helpful to know as you purchase this that it does have a small drawback .
 Gauntlet Dark Legacy for the Nintendo GameCube is a great hack-and-slash game that builds on the classic legend . Luckily it can be played well on the Wii!I grew up adoring the Gauntlet series . I poured tons of quarters into the machines . `` Green archer needs food badly '' ! When Gauntlet Dark Legacy first came out for the Nintendo GameCube we bought it immediately , and played through it , enjoying it immensely . That was over eight years ago now . I wondered recently just how well this old favorite would hold up to modern standards , and if it would play on the Wii system.To my delight , the game starts up without any issues . Make sure you have a GameCube memory card in your Wii , and a pair of GameCube controllers so that you and a friend can enjoy the fun . Your standard Wii controller wo n't work with this game . You can then choose from a variety of characters - archers , knights , jesters , and more , all in a selection of colors , and jump into the game!There are a number of different worlds to explore , each with its own theme and enemies . When you 're working through a level you track down food and gather up magic , you slaughter the enemies , and then you figure out how to move on to the next area . It 's not a game requiring great brainpower - but it is immensely fun nonetheless . You clear out the enemies , race away from the `` death '' character , build up your character level by level.As you win the levels , your skills increase , and as you reach certain plateaus your character 's looks change , their visuals of their attacks change , and you unlock new character options as well.The game can be played single player but it really shines in multiplayer , with a pair -LRB- or more ! -RRB- of people hacking away together , one providing remote cover while the other hacks away at the monster . You can even create combo attacks!Yes , the graphics are very blocky . You are not dealing with high quality details on the monsters or terrains . Still , you do n't even pay attention to that after the first few minutes . You 're just running around , madly hitting the buttons , and killing everything that moves . It 's the great sort of game that you can pick up when you 're feeling stressed , play for half an hour or ten minutes or four hours , and put it down whenever you need to and feel refreshed!Well recommended.We purchased Gauntlet Dark Legacy with our own money from a gaming store .
 Our family ca n't get enough of this game . It has a wide array of characters that grow and progress with more powers and their appearances change as you go through the different levels . It is challenging and four people can play at once . It also can be played on the WII . A classic that I found to be a real treasure ! Love it !
 This was the first game I bought for my Gamecube . For the most part it was a solid game in Multiplayer mode and a boring game in Single Player . Lets break down some of the aspects to this game.Multiplayer Play
 THIS IS SUCH A COOL GAME.IT HAS 3-D LEVELS AND A MULTIPLAYER MODEIT IS CHALLENGING WITH AMAZING GRAGPICS.DEFANITLY BUY IT!IT IS WAY MORE FUN WITH 4 PLAYERS.IT IS BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE .
 This is a wonderful game . While the graphics are not splendid , the gameplay is spectacular , especially if you have friends playing with you . Four people wasted -LRB- well , not wasted -RRB- seven straight hours playing this game . Again , wonderful . Though completely lacking any interesting storyline at all , the constant battle and interesting settings are enough to keep you busy . The sound is very nice , too , especially the music . The only problem is that it is very quiet , and you can never hear it amidst the noise of a battle . It 's very rare to not be in a battle in this game , so the music can not be properly appreciated . While not delivering an epic tale of romance and magnificence , the game does what it 's supposed to . It provides a very fun game , both multiplayer and single player , and allows for hours of action packed fun . Overall ? Maybe 8 , 8.5 / 10 .
 Yes , yes , we all know that this game is not very innovative , which earned it a 5.1 out of 10 in Gamespot . But actually , the point is , IT DOESNT MATTER . It 's fun , and thats the whole point of it . Did it become popular in the arcades by being innovative ? NO !!! It was popular becuase itz fun , and the hack-and-slash type of gaming has brought it up to one of the most popular game franchises today . If I were u , and i had a Gamecube -LRB- YEAH !!! -RRB- , PS2 , or an XBOX , this would be an ideal game of choice for INSANE multiplayer action or to just have fun by yourself .
 OK , this game is very fun , I 'll admit , but it does have a few flaws . One is that I suggest you not buy this game if your an only child , or just a loner with no friends . YOUR GOING TO WANT SOMEONE TO PLAY THIS WITH . Sure , playing it by yourself is fun , but it gets boring , and it gets boring fast with no one at your side . Another is that some of the levels get repeditive . Sure the old small village taken over by zombies genre is cool , but someone should make up something new!Alright , now that the bad stuff is out and left for you to ponder , on to the good . Now do n't get me wrong by what I said before , this game is not boring , there is much to keep you interested . Such as a wide choice of items and magics to cast on your most unfortunate foes.Another interesting thing that got my attention is the different selection of characters . From Knights to Dworfs , this feature will probably grab your head too.So overall I would say that the game play is fun , the bosses are tough , and the graphics are nice , BUT IF YOU DO N'T HAVE SOMEONE TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH EVERY NOW AND THEN -LRB- AT LEAST -RRB- THEN THIS GAME IS NOT THE RIGHT ONE FOR YOU . But if this is not a problem for you , then get this game . But remember , the most important review , is yours ...
 Oh , I cant ' t even begin to say how cool this game is in 1,000 words , so I 'll shorten it . I recently today wrote a review on Sonic Adventure 2 Battle and that is one cool game , but can it equal Gauntlet power ? I 'm not sure . All I know is this is one cool game !
 this game is so cool . the first thing in this game that you get to do that is cool is you get to fight zombies with your basic or heavy attack these attacks get more cooler as you progress thruogh the game . secondly the bosses are really cool but hard . i recommend this game for anyone who liked final fantasy 9 or 7 . or for someone who wants a really good long game .
 I thought this game was great the only thing wrong with it was it was too short and easy , besides that it was great every ten levels a new look that was cool and when you become a legend you get bigger its even better
 Want some bonding time with your kids ? Get this game . It is fun to play as a team and conquer all the levels and bosses . Just do n't get upset when your kids run ahead and grab all the treasure or coins . I would just level up my character when they were at school real quick so I stayed up with them . I have more fun playing it be myself but ca n't do that if the kids are home and want to play too . This is just a fun no thinking game .
 This is the greatest game of all time for the Nintendo Gamecube ! The replay value is absolutely amazing ! You can play as one of 8 different characters which each differ in ability . Then you have an attack , a better attack , a super attack and you can find over 50 items to use while your playing ! Its absolutely the BEST ! Tons of different worlds and bosses which never get boring to repeat ! I currently have 4 level 99 characters and im still playing ! Talk about awesome ! I would highly recommend this game to anyone !
 I love this game man it is the best . -LRB- For $ 20 MAX -RRB- Althought I thought it could be better like , it shuod be online , more bosses , items stay forever and units HARDER!This is my review score.1.sound-7 / 102.units-9 / 103.4 playing-10 / 104 . pick your guy-10 / 105.BOSSES-10 / 10 -LRB- WAY COOL ! -RRB- 6.story-7 / 107.items-9 / 10Thats my review and overall I love Gauntlet : Dark Legacy . 10/10
 If you like Zelda , you will love this game . It is much like a Zelda game except you get the option of what type of player to be . You can choose from a wizard , a warrior , a dwarf , and a knight , and those are just the male characters .
 This game is a lot like the computer game released by BLizzard Entertainment , Diablo II -LRB- one of the best games ever along with Starcraft , Starcraft
 this is fun fun game i recommend you to try it
 When I first layied eyes on this game I thought it was stupid looking.Then when I started playing it with my friends it was awsome ! The hack slash co-op mode is so cool . I just love leveling up and seeing what new look my hero gets . On the bad side though this game has horrible graphics , no wonder it 's a direct n64 port . And after a while this game gets really boring . I recomend this to people looking for a really long action game .
 It has secret levels and secret characters you could be.It has alot of gameplay.The graphics are awesome.It has alot of levels in it.It a great game.I reccomended this to anyone.The game is better than the other game gauntlet legends.You should go buy this game.It would n't be the waste of your money.Overall the game is awesome , so go buy it.It is a must have .
 Yes , yes , we all know that this game is not very innovative , which earned it a 5.1 out of 10 in Gamespot . But actually , the point is , IT DOESNT MATTER . It 's fun , and thats the whole point of it . Did it become popular in the arcades by being innovative ? NO !!! It was popular becuase itz fun , and the hack-and-slash type of gaming has brought it up to one of the most popular game franchises today . If I were u , and i had a Gamecube -LRB- YEAH !!! -RRB- , PS2 , or an XBOX , this would be an ideal game of choice for INSANE multiplayer action or to just have fun by yourself .
 this game can be very addictive . i played it for several days -LRB- in a row -RRB- -LRB- with no sleep -RRB- -LRB- and going to college -RRB- , in single player mode and multi . if you like rpg games , and are tired of being on the comp for many hrs , then you will like gauntlet . otherwise , you might not like the game , or you will have to get used to it . there are only a few bad qualities in this game -- some levels take awhile to load , and some of the graphics are not too good . also , while playing on multi player , if you wander away from the other players , be careful because you can get stuck behind a wall and be attacked -LRB- helplessly -RRB- . the only way to fix this is every player has to re-trace their steps so you can free yourself . anyway , rent this game before you buy it , just to make sure its `` your type '' of a game .
 By all measures it could be considered a terrible game , but for some reason I enjoy it immensely . Even solo play is fun , but with 4 players is where this truly shines . A great gamble for 20 bucks if you 've never played it before but like the fantasy setting to any degree . Thoughtful level design , and challenging on hard mode .
 I am continually amazed by this game . This game is so much fun . It is even more fun when you bring in a friend . The action is intense . You can choose between a hack and slash character or a shooter . If you have a friend who can play the shooter then you can be the hack and slash guy who can clear the way . If you enjoyed Gauntlet at the arcades back in the days , you owe it to yourself to get this one . The narrator 's voice is really cool and works with the story . I think that this game will continue to be a cult game that has substance .
 This has got to be one of the best games I have ever played ... . EVERRRRR !!!! I mean c'mon out of all the games I have played this has got to be the 2nd best !!!!! The price is low and the game is addicting !!!!! If only the disk -LRB- for gamecube -RRB- was more durable . The memory takes up alot uf blocks so you need about59 blocks . This has got to be one of my favorite games I have ever played !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok , so you can grow into a legend at level 99 and whup zombie -LSB- toosh -RSB- and all . That 's cool , but the downside of this game is the GLITCHES ! 1 . There is no energy bar for bosses or tough enemies .2 . The Scimitar of decapitation does n't ever work .3 . You are unable to use all of the inventory items .4 . If you buy any stats , they reset . -LRB- most annoying -RRB- All these glitches are on the gamecube version , but the Xbox and PS2 versions are PERFECT ! What 's your problem , Midway ? Do you hate Nintendo or something ? If you want this game buy it for PS2 or Gamecube .
 I 've got to say , that this game is pretty great . The graphics , um ... they 're horrible !!! They are just as bad as N64 graphics , because their hands are square !!! Good game though .
 This game looks awesome . The graphics have been gratly improved since its Dreamcast counterpart and it should provide excellent 4 player action . 5 stars
 Guantlet
 This is the type of game I 've been hoping for on the Gamecube . The graphics are sweet and the gameplay never-ending , fast and furious . My 9 year old son and me sit down and play together exploring worlds and fighting creatures for hours . A definite must for the Gamecube owner . Hours upon hours of gameplay in this game .
 I love this game man it is the best . -LRB- For $ 20 MAX -RRB- Althought I thought it could be better like , it shuod be online , more bosses , items stay forever and units HARDER!This is my review score.1.sound-7 / 102.units-9 / 103.4 playing-10 / 104 . pick your guy-10 / 105.BOSSES-10 / 10 -LRB- WAY COOL ! -RRB- 6.story-7 / 107.items-9 / 10Thats my review and overall I love Gauntlet : Dark Legacy . 10/10
 In Gauntlet
 I loved Gauntlet Legends for N64 . Now I have gamecube and I really want Gauntlet Dark Legacy . I 've been searching for a decent game for a pretty long time . I think this might be it . My friend told me it 's great . From the looks of it I think he 's right !
 This is probably the best game ive played for my gamecube yet . its so fun and unlike most other games you dont get sick of it the day after you buy it . i would reccomend this game to anybody .
 I have owned a nintendo system for over 8 years . On N64 I owned this game and I thought it was one of the best games I 've ever played . Also I 've played this exact game on a gaming thing at shadow lands and its great so I highly advise you to buy it !!!!
 MAN THIS GAME IS THE ONE GAME YOU SHOULD GET BABY !!! I MEAN WEEEEEEEEHOO ... THRILLED WITH THIS AWSOME GAME ... WE ARE ROCKIN THE PLACE AROUND ! I DO N'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY BUT WE WILL RIP THEM UP LIKE CRAZY !!! LET ME SAY-SWEET !!!
 First off , let me apologize for the three preceding reviews , two of them are talking about the wrong product and one is n't telling you anything that helps . The reviewers have no business posting.For those who are on the fence about whether or not they want to order this game or not , let me help a little . First off , I own the PS2 version of this game . Now , as we 've seen so far , either the Gamecube release is exactly the same or improved over the PS2 version . With that in mind , either way this is a five-star game . The game that the misguided reviewers are discussing is Gauntlet Legends . Now , Gauntlet
 This game has been hounded by many reviewers for its less than spectacular graphics and how the gameplay is not intuitive . But Gauntlet delivers exactly what it is supposed to
 In the arcades , this game fed an addiction inside me I did n't know I had . It 's over the top fantasy elements -LRB- the sorceress is a perfect characature of the overly volumptuous damsiel in distress -RRB- and wonderfully slash-happy game play -LRB- envision your character standing on a ledge , hundreds of feet above boiling lava , surrounded on all sides by knife wielding mutants , crazed orcs , and kamikaze bomb carriers , all lusting after your untimely and greusome demise -RRB- both combine to create a fun and highly addictive gaming experience that 's worth the 50 bucks this game will cost you.This game features 8 starting characters , 20 some odd secret characters , 60 totally different levels , 10 different boss battles -LRB- that you can replay for more treasure and experience -RRB- 30 power-ups , and more collectibles than you can shake a stick at . This alone is enough replay to make any gamer 's head explode , but the maker 's also decided to include countless costumes for you character -LRB- s -RRB- to wear -LRB- The dwarf 's S&M ; outfit had me rolling on the floor -RRB- . My one gripe with this game is that Midway decided not to update the graphics to take advatage of the gamecube 's graphical power . Bad for some , but I enjoyed those old school graphics that made me feel as if I had the arcade coin-op in my own home . -LRB- for those of you who are wondering , the feature that made your charater 's health deplete over time is thankfully absent in the home version -RRB- . The best 4-player game I 've owned since super smash bros. melee , and with the ability to save multiple characters on one file , Gauntlet the ultimite pick-up-and-play party in a box .
 I did n't know about the Arcade version of gauntletbut now that I 've played I see why many people say it 's greatThis game is not ment to played alone because If you play it alone all the demons etc will finish you up.It 's so cool because you can be speaking to you friend and saying : '' Help , me use your magic '' . cool uhIf you buy games for there graphics you better not buy thisBecause the graphics are pretty poor but the gameplay is exelentThe more you play with the character the more powerfull It becomes for exemple I like the blue wizard so I only use himat level twenty he became the blue magethat 's pretty coolThank you for reading my review
 Having been a fan of the old arcade gauntlet years ago , my eyes almost bugged out of my head when I saw this title . And though I may , for that reason , be a little biased , I am extremely happy with my purchase.Although this is not , by any stretch , an RPG -LRB- which is where I spend most of my time -RRB- the mindless mayhem is a bit of pleasant nostalgia for me . You start with 8 character classes in the beginning and can open up new upgraded versions as you play . Each has four color based skins that change slightly at certain levels.One of the main drawbacks , in my opinion , is the linear design of the different boards . In each one you are forced to wade through every single monster the designer thought to throw at you , pretty much in a predetermined order.Overall the game is a lot of fun to play and has pretty good replay value . I have 4 different characters going simultaneously , 3 for me to play alone and one I play with a friend . -LRB- Two player combos are great ! -RRB- I am sure that I will log a lot of hours on this game .
 Upon renting this game I did n't think very highly of it , mostly because of glitches in it that were apparently absent in the PS2 and X-Box versions of the game . But no more ! I just received this as a gift and it appears Midway now makes an updated version with any bugs removed . Even some camera angles in certain boss battles are different but things I have noticed as of right now :1 . The bosses and golems DO HAVE life bars .2 . The Scimitar of Decapitation along with any other faulty weapons now work PERFECTLY .3 . Inventory is much more responsive .4 . Stats DO stay in place after you purchase themAnd last but not least5 . No more getting your character caught and unable to move on ledges!If you have been debating on whether or not to purchase this , now would be the time !
 Gauntlet
 This game is like any other adventure game if you play by your self . But if you can get a freind or 3 to play with you it is an excellent game . Also if you play with 2 or more players it is much easier to beat the game . The game has 10 realms -LRB- worlds -RRB- and is a game with alot of replay value . There are many items that will help you on your quest -LRB- potions , health , etc. -RRB- and over 24 secret charecters , most of which require a secret code . Over all this is a party game that will take many hours to beat , and once you do so there are 3 levels of difficulty and 8 main charecters to beat it with . Remember that it is rated teen -LRB- 13 or older -RRB- for things like blood , violence , and gore . this game definetly earned the 5 stars I gave it .
 Ooh-I have waited for this game since it came out on PS2 last year ! And it was worth the wait ! I loved Gauntlet Legends on N64 , and Dark Legacy expands on that . The graphics are decent -LRB- they are n't that bad ! -RRB- , and the play control is easy as pie . If you do n't like Gauntlet games do n't expect to love this one . True -- it is more of the same , but I liked all the others . My fav character is the new Sorceress -- she is something else . The game is fun in single player , but a blast in multiplayer . All this stuff is going on -- wild times !!!! The Gamecube version does feature upgrades in the graphics and sound , and loading times too . I of course urge you to buy the game -LRB- that cause I love it ! -RRB- , but if something new is what you are looking for ... move right along .
 Ok , I 'm not a big fan of RPG games , but this one is worth the time . You get a choice of several types of characters all with their different strengths and weaknesses ... plus as you play the game you can complete bonus stages for even more hidden characters . Tear your way through something insane like 60 or 70 levels of monsters , ghouls and demons . Battle it out with huge level guardian monsters like a dragon , a yeti , a genie ... and more ! All on your way to defeat the mighty Skorne . The controls for this game are easy to master and there are many puzzles in each level . A fun game for anyone , even if you hate RPG 's , this game is a remake of a classic . The only thing that bothers me about this game is that a handful of the levels have been pulled and are almost an exact replica of the N64 version . But that 's ok , especially if you havent played the N64 version then you wont care at all . But even with that little ` flaw ' , Gauntlet is a fun game that anyone can enjoy .
 As a long-time Gauntlet fan , Dark Legacy does n't disappoint . It 's the same classic hack & slash ; feel as the rest of the series . The feel is very close to Legends.The only bad thing I can say about the game , is that some parts of the level are very dark , which makes it somewhat hard to see where you 're going .
 The graphics are a bit dated . But ... It takes me back , & is still as fun as when I first played it . U just get locked in , from level to level . Great price , & timely shipping .
 The Gauntlet games are always a favorite with me and my buddies . These games are fun , engrossing , and action-packed . They have great replay value because you can go back through with a different character and max out different traits . I do n't think there 's been a new Gauntlet game in years , but this one was awesome . I actually started thinking about it today because my hubby and I are looking into getting another gaming console -LRB- the only new generation one we have is the Wii -RRB- . I was actually looking to see if the XBox 360 or PS3 had a Gauntlet game and that was going to factor into our decision ... THAT 'S how fun these games are !
 Imagine this
 This game is great to play alone or with a group . I thought the graphics were pretty good - especially on the Nightmare level where there 's some very clear inspiration from MC Escher . The downside is - the more I play , the buggier the game gets . I take it as an extra challenge , now that I 've maxed out a few characters ... sometimes the game freezes , but more often you ca n't pick up items or buy them in the store ... very weird .
 I bought a used version of this game previously and I really loved it but it froze all the time at a certain point in the game . So I needed a new disk . The game works perfectly and it is enhanced from the original disk we owned . I love it !
 Tons of fun for four friends . We get together on weekends and play for hours . Action-packed and relentless entertainment .
 Tons of fun for four friends . We get together on weekends and play for hours . Action-packed and relentless entertainment .
 Guntlet Legends arcade is OK but this is like 10000000 times beter ! the graphics are BAD ! but the Bosses , stages , and pritty Much every thing is plain sweet !!! I could n't live without it!So BIG mistake if you do n't buy it ... now !
 This is mostly just another hack and slash game . yeah is has a few rpg elements , just the character development . Atleast for single player . In Multiplayer however , it is much more fun . The levels do get harder with each additional player but that adds to the fun ! Still the single player is okay . You pick a class of character that have a high stat , like wizards have high magic etc. . As you gain more levels you get stronger and those enemies that took 3 hits to kill are dead in a hit . As a bonus , you can have a char of either red , blue , green , or yellow . each color looks different , so a green warrior looks different from a red one , etc. . Also every 10 levels or so they get a new title and they advance in more features . So a level 60 wizard is called a spellcaster . a level 20 wizard is called a magi etc. . Plus their clothes advance to , the wizard robes blend a new color in their robes and their robes get more detailed . The weapons also get more detailed . When you hit level 30 or so you get a little flying creature that also shoots at your enemies!I myself have a level 67 blue wizard/spellcaster right nowIf your not sure rent it first , if u like it then buy it
 this game is awesome you can be many different characters with many different attacks , spells , and attributes . it is so uch fun and will keeep u hooked on it for hours , days , maybe even weeks . u can be a sorcerese , a dwarf , a knight , a wizard , an archer , a jester and about 10 other secret characters . u can gain lvls and experience as you go it is definatley worth buying so enjoi !
 This has got to be one of the best games I have ever played ... . EVERRRRR !!!! I mean c'mon out of all the games I have played this has got to be the 2nd best !!!!! The price is low and the game is addicting !!!!! If only the disk -LRB- for gamecube -RRB- was more durable . The memory takes up alot uf blocks so you need about59 blocks . This has got to be one of my favorite games I have ever played !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This Game is okay . U pick a char and u -LSB- destroy -RSB- ... . There is n't a huge story to this game but i 'd still buy it . U pick a class of character . U -LSB- destroy -RSB- and gain levels . When u hit lvl 30 u get a familiar that flys over ur shoulder and shoots with you . each character has unique familairs . there are even secret characters you need to unlock . ratings : Graphics
 This game is excellent and is 100x more fun when you play with friends . Takes around 20 hours to beat . Loved playing and good product . Especially fun while eating cookie dough .
 Never played this game before , was recommended by a friend . So glad I got it.Game is is perfect condition and plays well !
 We remember playing this game long ago and the boys wanted to play it again . The process took a matter of days and they were playing again and having a great time .
 Had this game when I was 10 , loved it and now at 23 I still love it . Too bad I had better game skills when I wAs younger haha . Reccomend this game to anyone .
 I really like this game . If anyone ever played the classic Gauntlet Legend for the Nintendo 64 they would definitely want to play this game . The graphics are the pretty much the same as the older version , but it does not make it any less fun . It plays just like the original and is a great way to reminisce with friends . I enjoyed this game and it came in great condition . Which it should have because it was new . I recommend this game to any gamer that wants to take a trip to the past .
 I loved this game Id always be playing it in the arcade when it was around . If you are a gauntlet arcade lover this is great for you . note that if you do want to play friends are a plus in this game . it give you 4 player abilty and you need at least 2 .
 Gauntlet dark legasy is the coolest game ever you can fight zombies and dragons and mystical creatures . if you like dungeons and dragons this is your kind of game . it is dungeons and dragons on an video game it is so cool i love it i play it every day
 If u ever played the N64 version of Gauntlet legends , you know this game is AcTiOn PaCkeD its awesome . 4 players can battle enemys at once . Ive played the PS2 version but the GameCube Versions Graphics will be turned up a notch !!!! i seriously recommend this 2 anybody that wants a challege and an Awesome game for your collection !
 ... Gauntlend Legends rocks ! I have it for N64 . The day it came out for N64 i got it and fell in love with the game ! I must have played it for at least 3 hours that day . Well in Gauntlend Legends you use one of the many characters and kill these monsters with magic , swords , and other cool things ! It is a game for players 1-4 and the age of gamers for it should be from 10 to 18 ! This game is rated TEEN for violance and blood . In 2-4 player mode you do n't have to have 2 diffrent mods you use more then one player to conquer the bad guys ! Awsome ! This game is awsome for partys ! This game you must have if you saw the movie Lord of The Rings ! You should also get it if you like the game Golden Sun for Gameboy Advance.Well as i said you will love it ! Hope you get i will for Gamecube ! If you dont have Gamecube get it before it is to late !!! ...
 If you have ever wondered what it would be like to fly a Pegasus , Dragon , Falcon and other mythological creatures then by all means purchase this title . Savage Skies is your basic fighter flight game with 27 missions -LRB- including secret missions -RRB- , unlockable goodies as well as 24 unlockable creatures . You can choose what kingdom you want to fight on . The kingdoms consist of good , neutral and evil . Depending on what side you chose , it affects what creatures you ride and fly on in each level . The game also has a ongoing story making it interesting to play through each mission to see what happens next . It is safe to say there is plenty of replay value in the game.The animation of the creature 's wings flapping , creature design and special magical attacks are well done . Your creature can glide , land , walk , and perform special aerial maneuvers and attack using magic.The games environments are pretty large and it is very easy to get lost even though you do have a radar system display in the upper left hand corner . At first the game 's targeting system can be a bit frustrating but I did not find it to be enough of a flaw to take away from the games ' overall fun factor.BOTTOM LINEYou will love this game if you love : Drakan
 I bought this game because of the good price , and because I 've been wanting to play a game like Panzer Dragon for Xbox.After having played -LRB- and been disapointed with -RRB- Dragon Rage , I did n't have my hopes set too high.But , wow , this is a pretty cool game!Fighting for one of three kingdoms -LRB- basically good , neutral or evil -RRB- is a nice twist.Depending on who you ally with , you 'll ride certain creatures.Good = mythical beasts like griffons and pegasus , Neutal = scientific mutants like flying eyeballs and Evil = demons and undead creatures.I thought the controls were fairly easy to get the hang of ; just go through training once , and you 'll be a natural.The metal guitar licks made for cool music , although it can get a bit repetitive.The voice acting was more impressive though esp . when you work for Pariah -LRB- Evil -RRB- . Whenever you kill a foe , it will say things like `` You murderer you ! ... I love it ! `` There are also plenty of unlockable bonus creatures and a 2 player VS. modeThe story is very impressive and makes me wonder what the outcome will be.I guess this game has three diffrent endings ? The only minor complaint I have is with the difficulty level.Although you can choose between easy , normal and difficult ; the three diffrent kingdoms will ALWAYS be on a set difficulty . For example Pariah is on hard mode ; so the best I can get is an easy version of the hard mode on Pariah if I 'm having trouble.I did n't like that too much esp . when you are trying to complete the sidequests along with the main mission.It 's tough!All and all Savage Skies is a great game for a great price.I would recommend this to any gamer looking for treasures in the bargin bin .
 There are some things that make this game very good , and there are some things that make it very bad . Let 's get the bad stuff out of the way.The graphics look great , but the character models sometimes clip into the scenery ; if you get to close to a mountain or tree , your wing will disappear into it instead of being affected by it . The rendered cut scenes look atrocious , the characters moving like robots rather than CG human models . If this game used the same engine as Jedi Starfighter , it would be awesome . The sound -LSB- is bad -RSB- , and sometimes it 's hard to understand the narrator . There are no bots in the multiplayer , and while it 's really fun , there are n't a lot of modes -LRB- Vs. , Time Attack , Team -RRB- . The targeting is a little frustrating , as it 's not always clear where your next target is . And sometimes the `` aura '' around the target blends with the background . But this is more of a blessing than a curse , for gamers who like a little realism , you wo n't find the game showing you what to shoot too often . You actually have to use your eyes and scan the skies to see where your target is . This adds some realism to the game , and is somewhat refreshing.Which is a good segway into why this game ROCKS.The best thing is that YOU GET TO RIDE DRAGONS AND OTHER CREATURES . The way these creatures fly is really great . For the novice , the control is easy , but for hardcore gamers , the flying and combating get 's deep . You can barrel roll and loop on some , you can hover , fly backward , and dive . You can even land and walk around -LRB- sometimes a good tactic in hiding from your enemies -RRB- . The way the game plays is definately the best part . The arial battles are very fun , swooping and diving to kill your target -LRB- there comes a really nice soundeffect when you splatter another creature -RRB- . Also , it 's sort of hard to kill other arial creatures , you have to lead your target a lot of the time , so your enemies are n't just sitting ducks -LRB- some flying shooters make it easy to kill the enemy -RRB- . The AI is really good , and it 's fun to sit back and watch your NPC wingmates take out targets . Sometimes they even steel my kills ! The levels are big and fun to explore , being mythical and imaginative.Overall , this game is very refreshing as it 's origionality -LRB- you fly CREATURES -RRB- . It 's difficult enough for the hard-core gamers , and the control and gameplay can be surpisingly deep . However , the some of the programming and the engine take you out of the world a bit , and the came comes off somewhat cheezy and rushed . Worth -LSB- that much money -RSB- ? But it 's definately worth playing , and definately worth buying if and when the price comes down . If there is a Savage Skies 2 , it will rock .
 Savage Skies is a flying creature action game . The game is mission based and allows you to choose from any one of three factions to play as in your conquest to rule the lands and the sky . The gameplay and mission structure is very reminiscent of Rogue Squadron , the StarFighter series , and the old X-wing games on the PC . Anyone into arcade style flight games will definitly enjoy this one . Casual gamers should give this one a try if they like dragons or objective based arcade flight games.It a definitly a game for real gamers . It 's very challenging and can be quite fun at times when the action heats up . There are a variety of advanced manuevers that can be learned and used . Learning these advanced manuevers made the game so much more enjoyable and helped me beat even the harder missions that I have come across . The Barrel Roll is essential to dodging incoming fire , and the hover and snap turns help out so much when the AI tries staying on your six.The creatures are the big draw for me and might be for you as well . Each of the three campaigns features 9 creatures that can be collected and used in the various missions and each creature has different attacks and flight characteristics that are suited for specific mission types.This game has you controlling everything from standard Dragons , flying eyeballs , winged spiders , demons , undead creatures , manta rays , and mythical creatures . The graphics are great but the sound effects are decent , the music is pretty bad but fortanately you can turn down the music volume in the options and play some of your own music in your stereo . The game is very difficult towards the end of the Pariah campaign , but there is an easy difficulty mode that you can switch to at anytime to pass spots you may get stuck in . The game can be quite bloody at times especially after killing multiple enemies or staying in one location and taking out all comers . The blood actually stains the ground and the bloody bits that fall bounce around and leave blood spats ! VERY COOL!Overall this is a fun game with lots to offer if you persevere through the somewhat steep learning curve and use the advanced manuevers .
 this game is great but it has a few flaws well the bad is the graphics are not as good as they could be . The creatures some time clip into things like tress hills and there feet clip into thae ground when you land . However the flying is really good there are alot of creatures too fly lots of missions both single and multiplayer lot of unlockable stuff and it really is fun I hope they make part 2 and I hope they take more time on the graphics if this game had the graphics of starwars starfighter or jedi starfighter there would be nothing to complain about . In the end I say you should get it ... as a good deal on it and there are n't many games like this or that let you fly a dragons . Such as dragon rage , drakan 2 , reign of fire and this one savage skies .
 My son is a Mortal Kombat Fiend and this product met all expectations Thank You ! We will be ordering again !
 The disk looks really good , and plays flawlessly . Original instruction booklet inside . I am very happy with this purchase . Thanks a lot !
 i love it , glad i could find what i was looking for . it came in a timely passion and worked wonderfully .
 I missed this game so much over the years . I 'm glad i bought it now , i never seen the endings in a type of 3D
 The Good
 I am a video game junkie , but I have never been a fan of fighting games . Street Fighter was ok . But , I will have to admit that MK4 won me over.Employing the practice mode into the game was a very smart decision . It makes one wonder why it was never done before . I am not an expert at this game , but I would recommend to use Lui Kang.I enjoyed this game so much that I am interested in buying a copy .
 This is maybe the best MORTAL KOMBAT game ever , at least for PSX . The story is great , the graphics are good -LRB- sometimes you 'll discover some graphic errors -RRB- , and the gameplay 's awesome.MIDWAY found a unique way to combine the classic MORTAL KOMBAT gameplay with a whole new one -LRB- I was really shocked , especialy by watching the sidesteping -RRB- . So this game combines the folowing games
 MK4 IS A SUPERIOR FIGHTING GAME . MY MOUTH IS WATERING FOR MORTAL KOMBAT DEADLY ALLIANCE . THE PS1 VERSION IS A LIL ' SLOWER THAN THE N64 VERSION . HOWEVER THIS GAME LOSES NO POINTS FOR THAT . GREAT !!
 It was a great game and still is.Mortal combat is faster than other combat games and offers eccelant grafixs and gameplay.Thank you midway !
 its a very good game , you should buy it .
 mortal kombat 4 is one of the best , no the best fighting game for playstation 1 . i have mortal kombat deadly alliance for playstation 2 and that game is the best game for playstation 2 . most people call me a gamefreak and i take that as a compliment.i am a little bit famous for writing good revews.mortal kombat 4 is so tight but there is one thing that sickens me.where in the hell is kung lao , shang tsung , and shao kahn?and why in the blue hell is this goro.and liu kang 's last game?liu kang and shao kahn die at the begining of deadly alliance and it says goro was killed by nobb sabiot.a lot of people think kano killed goro , but if you have mortal kombat tournament edition for game boy advance in nobb sabiot 's ending it shows nobb sneaking up behind goro and cheating -LRB- like there are any rules anyway -RRB- to defeat and kill goro in the war.and right after kano and people give up because shao khan is dead because of shang tsung and quan chi.but mortal kombat 4 is still very great.i love it .
 MK finally comes into the 3D realm in this game . I only wish there were more characters , and I miss the animalities , babalities , brutalities , and friendships . But overall , it 's good .
 This is a great game from my point of view . This game is best to play against a friend , but still is good to play against the computer because of the games hard diffuculty , and the great movie you get to see with the characther you beat the game with . It has great graphics and good playing options , like you can do a tournament or two on two mode , and others such as practice mode where you can find out all your characters moves and fatalities.I do n't think this game has any weak points which makes it a 5 rated game . it 's fun , intense , hard , and smart .
 UNLIKE THE EARLIER MK GAMES , THIS ONE FEATURED SOME 3D GRAPHICS AND IT ALSO HAS WEAPONS WHICH ARE AVAILABLE TO USE OR THROW AT ANYTIME . THIS IS NOT AS GOOD AS THE NINTENDO 64 VERSION , BUT IT 'S A GREAT FIGHTING GAME NONETHELESS AND I THINK IT 'S BETTER THAN ANY OF THE MORTAL KOMBAT GAMES THAT 'VE BEEN COMING OUT SINCE 1999 . GREAT GRAPHICS , GREAT CONTROLS , AND A FUN PRACTICING MODE -LSB- WHICH YOU CAN FIGHT FOR HOURS IF YOU WANT TO WITH THE SAME OPPONENT ! -RSB- . BUT UNFORTUNATELY AFTER THIS ONE , THE MORTAL KOMBAT FRANCHISE WENT COMPLETELY DOWNHILL .
 The only reason I gave this game two stars is because I am an Mortal Kombat Fan but this game sucks !!! It was way to easy you know I loved mortal kombat trilogy because it was hard as h * ll and when I beat it I was so happy and said to my self I ca n't wait till the next game !!! Yet this is just bad you do n't even have to learn the peoples moves any more . You just have to take out your weapon and hack 'em to death it just sucks . Then I went and rentid Mortal Kombat : DA and I do admit harder then this peice of $ h!t !!! Yet still the weopons are still there and now you can stab them in the gut and leave it there so the person you fight slowly dies . So what I 'm saying is stick with 1,2,3 and Trilogy they are way better .
 The combo system is intact , the frame rate is intact , but something had to give . -LRB- For those who do n't know , sorry folks that you are , MK4 was originally an arcade game using truly awesome proprietary 3D hardware . -RRB- In this case , it was the polygon count . Close up , some of these characters are just UGLY . The characters ' polygons often clip and sometimes just disappear ; fortunately , this only affects the look , not the feel , of the game.The standard `` home version '' additions are here -- endurance mode -LRB- harkening back to MK1 -RRB- , practice modes with move lists , and Reiko finally has a `` real '' ending to his storyline . But most people are simply worried about the game 's playability and arcade accuracy.On those fronts , at least , it wins big.It may be ugly , but it 's a lot of fun .
 I am quite surprised how many people thought this game was n't any good . Mortal Kombat 4 is a more than worthy sequel . First off , the story , like all the other Mortal Kombat games , movies and TV shows , is incredible . If you saw many of the characters ending form Ultimate Mortal Kombat , then you 'll have an idea what I am talking about . All their stories have a great lead up to MK4 . In the fourth installation , Noob Saibot 's master Shinnok takes his gamble at Earth Realm . However , we also learn about the truth behind Sub-Zero and Scorpion 's hate for each other and the sorcerer who put them up to it !!! This game introduces some really cool characters -LRB- like Quan Chi -RRB- and also some old characters return -LRB- like Johnny Cage -RRB- . The fighting game has the usual classical engine , except now it is 3D . You can , for example , side shift to avoid Scorpion 's spear !! Weapons were also introduced and everyone has got some ill weapons , especially Fujin !! You can also throw objects lying around at your opponent . The combo system is pretty good , nothing near as good to the fifth installation of Mortal Kombat though . The endings , until the previous Mortal Kombat 's , are full videos and EXTREMELY AWESOME !! There 's a lot of game replay here by beating the game with different fighters . You learn a lot about the tournament 's secrets and who 's got beef with whom.This game is worth getting for ANY fan of a great fighting game . Too many people are extremely critical of the Mortal Kombat franchise and WAY too kind to others -LRB- Soul Caliber , Tekken - need I say more about these crappy fighting games -RRB- . Mortal Kombat kreators really go out of their way for the fans to make their games unique and loads of fun , so do n't pass up on Mortal Kombat 4 !!!!!!!!!!
 It is the best game for your playstation consol ever.It is better then a -LRB- $ -RRB- game.Everyone in the world would probly like it .
 This is a great game from my point of view . This game is best to play against a friend , but still is good to play against the computer because of the games hard diffuculty , and the great movie you get to see with the characther you beat the game with . It has great graphics and good playing options , like you can do a tournament or two on two mode , and others such as practice mode where u can find out all your characthers moves and fatalities.I do n't think this game has any weak points which makes it 5 rated game . it 's fun , intense , hard , and smart .
 This is a great game from my point of view . This game is best to play against a friend , but still is good to play against the computer because of the games hard diffuculty , and the great movie you get to see with the characther you beat the game with . It has great graphics and good playing options , like you can do a tournament or two on two mode , and others such as practice mode where you can find out all your characters moves and fatalities.I do n't think this game has any weak points which makes it a 5 rated game . it 's fun , intense , hard , and smart .
 this is the best game of the Mortal Combat Series . You must buy it you will love it !!!!!
 Mortal Kombat 4 is one of the best games I 've ever played . The sounds are great . The fun factor off the wall ! Mortal Kombat 4 is great because it has easy to master moves and the whole weapon idea is awesome . The fatalities are true Mortal Kombat style . Being a longtime MK fan I think that MK4 is the best yet . It combines all of the goodpoints from other Mortal Kombat games into a single great game . A must play game for all Mortal Kombat fans .
 mortal kombat its a cool fighting game i love doing scorpions spear into a throw or combo although subzeros ice can beat it
 The Cd is almost new , I was playing with the game for a big time , I recommend this cd game , this was one of first games designed in third dimmension.Huge Game , Thanks Sony .
 My favorite game came to me in the same flawless outstanding dilivery Amazon should be advertized through out the world Thank You again To Amazon for making my game collection come true been wanting the whole collection of Mortal Kombat my whole life and now through AmazonI I have it Thank You very much Im looking for an umk3 cabnet with mother bosrd inside if you hsve one email me at adsnipe904@gmail.com Ps . Adam P Diaz
 Great game , very good graphics much better than Age of Empires , Civilization and etc. . Lots of nations to choose from and a lot of missions that make it fun . Of course playing against a live opponent , instead of AI , is even better !
 cossacks back to war was aparently a simple i game extra.it was supposedly fun for people who are used to the cossacks style gameing but not so good for people who are new to te genre.well i disagree i thinks its good for anyone of any skill there is no campaign which is bad for some players -LRB- i dont mind so much -RRB- but its makes up for that with 101 missions of varying skill and the best idea i think i sthe random map which gives you hundreds of option to create for ideal battle scenario i recomend this game for anyone . best statergy game ever rather have this than any other in the genre
 The original build fest game imo , after red alert -LRB- which is also an excellent game -RRB- . Wait for cossacks 2 , being released next year.If you must indulge yourself , the online community is still reasonably strong , with many foreign players making up the majority of people there .
 Ok , first of all Worms is an awesome series . The things that make Worms great are 1 . strategy 2 . strategy 3 . stategy.I honestly see a number of comparisons between Worms and golf . The player thinks through which club/weapon would be best to use given the cirumstances and conditions . What type of shot should be made ? What angle is necessary to pull the shot off ? Which direction is the wind blowing?However , in addition the Worms player must think about defense . Should I burrow in here ? If I transport there , will that leave me open to be killed during the next round?This is a true thinking game , but it 's so much fun to play.No , you wo n't get killer graphics and fast paced action , but you will get a good challange and an awesome game to play against friends.Now , onto this particular Worms game . World Party is very , very similar to Worms Armageddon . In fact , they are about the same game . If you do n't have a Worms game , this is as good as any of the three to get . However , if you already have Armageddon , this game is n't going to offer much that 's new .
 Worms . The person who thought it up was a genius . Believe me , Worms is great . There are 53 weapons choices each with their own charicteristics , over 1000 different modes and the freedom to create and custom your own teams of the creatures . However , I could see a lot of people bypassing this game because it is two dimensional . At first this may turn you away from the wonderful world of worms but a 3D copy of worms was brought out a while back called Hogs of War . I , a diehard worms fan , met that with anticipation - but when I rented it for two nights I turned away . The 3D nature of the gameplay detracts all obstacle problems and can make gameplay monotonous . Anyway , the makers of that game had NO sense of humour . So 2D is good.I originally bought this highly addictive game for PC , but users beware - it does n't work on XP!So if you want some funfilled deathmatches in league style , with full multiplayer and singleplayer options - or a level based game with training missions , get Worms World Party . Experience blowing up sheep and air mail with a differnce . Fight over random or custom landscapes.GET WORMS WORLD PARTY !
 First , why did I give it four stars rather than five ? Setting up multiplayer games with advanced options is a bit of an ordeal , but this is perhaps because there are just so many ways to configure a game . I owned -LRB- just about -RRB- the same game for the PC , and the use of a mouse just makes more sense in certain scenarios . Finally , as you increase the number of players in a game , each time gets less worms - a little frustrating if people gang up on you , Now the good stuff - I like that this game is easy to learn yet hard to master . I speak with some authority , having spend most of my freshman year of college playing friends over the network . On the playstation , it keeps all of its good qualities , and just has the few caveats described above . The game combines cartoon physics with cartoon violence -LRB- think of a weapon that launches exploding cows and worms that do martial arts moves -RRB- . Realistically , most games for a younger audience tend to need a little violence to sell , and this is perhaps the nicest way to give that necessary allure - mostly in that someone does not have exploding cows at their disposal . There are several factors in using the `` weapons '' in the game which make a player think creatively about physics - throwing a grenade against the wind , deciding how much force to launch a , ahem , cow with , etc. . Overall the game provides countless hours of fun and humorous gameplay . Enjoy !
 OK ... Are you that guy with an older brother who always wins when it comes to video games ... or almost never wins on pro levels against the pc ??? NO ? well I am ! but not anymore cuz this game takes a bit of brains ! -LRB- which i have alot of -RRB- . i usually get bored playing whatever game i buy ... BUT NOT THIS ONE !! this is a really cool game that you can play like all the time !! I am soo into it i have called in sick at work before simply cuz ... well dah i was winning
 I would 've give it a low 4 , if I could . This game 's graphics are no good at all , you ca n't see nothing clearly , I almost destroyed my eyes while I was making new teams . Surprisingly Worms Armaggedon has more weapons than this game , WA 's sequel . While WA has 60 weapons this game has only 50 something . The graphics are the biggest minus of this game . The graphics are n't better than in WA and maybe even worse . The only good thing this game has and WA does n't is the Wormpot . Wormpot is 3 special options for a match . There are damageX2 , aquasheep , more powerful guns etc. . The PC version of this game is one of the best games ever . I advise to buy the PC or Dreamcast version.If you already have WA do n't buy this game . UBI soft should 've made this game for PS2 than it would 've been awesome . The game itself is great , but graphics are baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad !!!!
 Worms is honestly one of the funest games I have ever played . When we had our old computers we used to play with three of us LAN . OMG it was so much fun , the games would go all night . Laughs and laughs and fun ! It seems simple enough and it is easy to play but hard to master . Now unfortunately we ca n't get it to work with our new computers , sigh ... So I bought this . It just wo n't be the same though as you can see what the other person is strategizing -LRB- sp ? -RRB- Kinda ruins it.It is a really , really fun , challenging game though , Better than 90 % of the new games out there.If you have older computers that will run it and you can hook em up it 's a blast !
 Pick it up , find a way to play it , or rent it . It grows on you , and has many possibilities . I love it .
 If Worms World Party is as fun-filled as the previous games it will be a must buy for all playstation and playstation 2 owners
 I was so happy to find this game again . I had it a long time ago and do n't know what happened to it . It is a very fun game to play and some of the things he says is hilarious .
 Dont listen to the -LSB- people -RSB- that said it gets boring and stuff ! It is awsome !!! The levels are really fun and x-iting ! Gex ` swise-cracks are super funny ! -LRB- I sount like a total -LSB- person -RSB- just now ... super funny ... -RRB- You get to play a really goofy land were you can just jump into a rabbit whole and disquise yourself as one . When you hop out , be ready for traps , carrets , and ... ELMER FUD !!! HA , HA !!! Oh man you 've got ta buy this game ! Trust me ! If you are like me , you 'll love it for more than just an hour ... `` It gets boring ! Look at me , I 'm a dufis ... '' sorry ... buy this game and have fun ! Oh , and make shur that you are mature enough to handle words like ... d _ _ _ or sh _ _ . But you will have fun anyway ! Thanx for taking the time to read my review!GIRLS RULE !
 If you talk to an average gamer and mention Gex , he 'll probably say , `` Gex ? Who the hell is Gex ? '' Let 's face it , great games are sometimes forgotten . When it was first released , it got pretty good critizisim from sites and magizines except GameSpot . -LSB- Yet again , GameSpot also said Mega Man X4 was for `` weirdo platformer fans '' damn you GameSpot ! -RSB- I remember renting this once and loving it , but soon I forgot about it . Then , my friend mentioned it , and I raced to Amazon and bought it.Graphics
 I was reading these bad reviews for this game yesterday and knew I had to take action . This is one of the best games for Playstation I 've ever played ! Some people might not like GEX 's commentary , but , you can turn off the commentary . Unlike the original GEX where each world has a different theme , each individual level in this game has a different theme - from a demented cartoon land to inside a TV ! My dad and I were laughing our heads off at GEX 's hysterical comments . I highly recommend this game for people of all ages!Yours truly , CT900
 This game is so fun and funny . I got this game for my birthday a few weeks ago and i loved . It so funny with the one liners from dana gould . But I am warning you do not let people under the age of at least 8 to play because it has bad words in it . My game kept saying the D word over and over and over . I have a five year old brother and he heard the d word and he said over and over and over . I am warning you this game is really fun and funny but dont let little kids play it or even listen to it . But for sure this game is much better than Croc and Croc2 .
 Ok , ok , I know I 'm a little behind the times , but I just had inspiration . I had borrowed this game from the person who ran my day-care -LRB- I was like 6 -RRB- , and I got whimsical . Then I realized DUHH , it 's so old it 'll be cheap ! So I bought it from wherehouse , a third party seller , and got it on 6-25-02 . I popped it in , and spent the rest of the day -LRB- 12:00 -8:00 -RRB- cracking up and having fun.Pros
 Right now I have a Playstation 2 , but have still kept all of my original Playstation games . I have over 20 Playstation 1 games , and Gex
 ... I went home to play it and it was one of the cutest , funniest game I 'd played for the longest time!It was so fun ! I played it for hours and hours every single day until ... it was due back ... I LOVED that game so much and I would recomend it to anyone who likes cute , yet funny adventuris games ! You 'll love it!Oh , and buy the way , this was three years ago , I 'm not a sissy anymore ... GIRLS RULE ...
 Bug Gulping Action!I reccomend this game more than FFX!Fight through rapid 3-D levels as you confront the robot Rez!Quick hint : find a platform.If you see a mouth at the end of the ride , jump at it . If you succeed , you will gain access to the two last levels of the game !
 Got this for my son and he is very pleased with it . We always find the best deals on amazon !
 I myself traded my old Nintendo made card for my little sister 's Nyko Black 4mb memory card -LRB- can anyone say ... RIP ... OFF ? -RRB- . This worked great . I do n't see how it got corrupted . I even tested it after reading his review . It will not corrupt unless you save the game and while saving you pull it out or while its loading you pull it out -LRB- this is the same with ALL memory cards -RRB- . This one DOES seem a slight bit more fragile , though . Just DO N'T TOUCH THE MEMORY CARD when loading or saving and you will be fine ! Do n't let anything bump it or move it ! Also , if you do bump it , only the data for the game your playing will corrupt , not everything . I would reccomend purchasing this memory card -LRB- you can hold about x10 the normal one could -RRB- P.S.-my new e-mail is powerslave6041@yahoo.com
 Well , by reading all the other reviews , I 'll say ... this memory card stinks ! My friend had it and she was so mad she threw it out the window when it would n't work . Go for the memory cards made my Nintendo . Trust me ...
 What does this do ? Can this hold ASB 2003 , that is what I am concerned about .
 This is a game that uses the characters of Rayman 2 and puts them in challenging races against each other . ON FOOT ! Hows that for being different ? I love cart racing games , and never thought about racing characters on Foot , good job UB Soft
 I bought this game as a gift for my Godson -LRB- he 's 5 years old -RRB- and he loves it . I actually sat down and played it for quite a while with him and I had fun with it too . It 's a great game and the levels/graphics are pretty cool !
 This is a wonderful collection of games from the creative heyday of the video game industry . These are bit-perfect ports of the original games ; the Playstation is emulating the 1980-era hardware and the original game code is running on the emulator . All the original gameplay is there , including the bugs ! Because some of the games , Tempest and Asteroid in particular , had touchy hardware , owning these games on CD is better than owning the coin-ops for most folks . If you grew up with these games , you will enjoy the blast of nostalgia you 'll get from playing them again . Today 's games have better graphics , but they are not better games!In this collection
 What can you say folks ? The 80 's video game revolution started it all , so here we are playing them again 20 years later with the same vigor we had back then ! Only , without the pocket full of quarters.Personally , I bought this CD for the sole purpose of playing MY favorite game `` BATTLE ZONE '' ! Yes , the other games are great fun , and perfectly translated for the playstation console ! With games like Centipede , Battle Zone , Super Breakout , Missle Command , Tempest and Asteroids ... You just CAN `` T go wrong !
 The conversions were great with many options that could be set by the original arcade machines . Two of my favorite Atari games are here -LRB- Asteroids and Tempest -RRB- . My only complaint is that Asteroids Deluxe is missing . Then it would be perfect .
 I purchased this collection when it was first released and was thoroughly pleased with the depth and care exercised in the translations of some of the defining video games of the 1980s . If you have a trinitron and S-video cable , then you 're playing Tempest as you were back in the day . Included are interviews with the original programming crew which provide insights and trivia for any Atari archivist/fan . The bigger TV the better , but you ca n't spend ... on a more faithfully produced nostalgia collection for the Playstation .
 6 classics on one jampacked disc.missle command , super breakout , centepiede , asteroids , battlefield , tempest.takes me back to the 80s of classic decades past.you will love this oldschool games .
 Story problem
 This collection brings back so many memories of the early 80 's I feel like I 'm back at the arcade with all my friends . Centipede just captured the moment . I think I played it for six hours straight . I would like to thank ATARI personally for letting me re-live some of my teenage years . I ca n't seem to get enough now It 's back to AMAZON.com for more .
 Do you like baseball ? Do you own a PSP ? Do you wish you could play the game and keep up with MLB stories all in one tiny package ? If you answered `` YES '' to all 3 of the questions , there is a good chance that this is A-Must for your PSP library.The old-school modes are all in here
 This is a great game . I really ca n't stress it anymore than the other reviewer , but I though I 'd throw my two cents in . Rather than go on and on , let me just hit the main points.GOOD : - Amazing video quality , something that many PSP games lack severely . This game 's graphics are about as good as you can expect to have on a sports game for PSP . No complaints.-Online INFRASTRUCTURE Mode . If you 're like me , it 's not all that convenient for you to play online with your PSP since a large majority of its games are only Ad-Hoc compatible -LRB- WI-FI -RRB- . With this game you can get online using any wireless router , which is great . And it 's fun to play online vs. other people and look at the record boards.-The Price
 First let me say this game is the best sports game ever for PSP . the grafics are as good as they get all the way down to the players batting stances and pitching motions . Last year I played MVP and Pudge had 75 homeruns . Not in this game player ratings are right on , which makes the game dead on for the true baseball fanatics . The only small thing is the load time , but I can live with it because the play is so real , and realistic every game is like this on the PSP .
 Great Graphics . Great control . Multiplayer over the internet is way too cool ! Homerun Derby is better than most games and the Diamonds minigame is fun . The career mode is great.The only downside I can find is that load times can be a bit long sometimes ... but nothing that takes away from the fun of the game.Overall , this game is an absolute must for PSP owners who love to play baseball .
 You will invest hours of your time and battery life playing this game non-stop . Hands-down the most realistic and enjoyable baseball game yet , on any platform . The umpire sometimes gives bad calls , sometimes they swing your way , sometimes not . The batting stances and pitching styles are totally accurate , as well as the ball parks . The levels of difficulty make the game either very simple , or extremely challenging to the point where you have to aim where you want your bat to go in the strike zone , and at what intensity while you 're swinging and trying to identify the pitch . Awesome game , I strongly recommend it !
 This is the best psp game . Tons of fun . The graphics are out of this world for a hanheld . The online features are amazingly cool . While on line you can get the latest scores and news from your favorite mlb teams , update your game to play with the current mlb rosters which is probobly the coolest feature of the game , and play against millions of other gamers . This game also has a season and career mode which are both very cool . This is defenetly a must buy for any psp owner .
 I bought this game as a part of a deal in order to get a free movie for my PSP , and I really did n't think I 'd be too impressed . You see , I 'm not truley a baseball fanatic . But the moment I turned on this game I was hooked . TRUE to life batting styles . Great commentary , and an awesome Season mode are only a few of the amazing features for this PS2 -- wait , PSP game -LRB- I feel like I 'm playing the PS2 version every time I turn it on -RRB- . If you have even an inkling of fun playing a baseball game , I have no doubt this game is for you.One piece of critiscm , just so you know I do n't work for sony ... Load Times can be annoying , but I usually can find something to do for the 45 seconds anyway . It 's WORTH THE WAIT .
 I ' v been a baseball fan my whole life , and have played dozens of video/computer baseball games . This is by far my favorite - excellent graphics and commentary , very realistic game-play . Just a few criticisms
 This is the first truly addicting baseball I have ever played . It took several games for me to get the feel for all the controls and yet I am still seeing things that amaze me almost every game I play . There are so many features that I do n't know where to begin , but must start with the career mode in which you create a player and then guide him through an entire career . You can play as the entire team , or simply fast forward the game to your next appearance . You also have to choose a team and position that is not impossible to fill in a year or two -LRB- i.e. shortstop for Yankees -RRB- and then you build your way up from the minors.The pitching and batting are top rate and this is the 1st game you actually can work a walk out since the pitcher does not automatically throw strikes when you have three balls . May seem a small thing , but really enhances the realism.The graphics are tremendous and you can even play online . Plus , the game features a newsreader in which you can access the latest news for your favorite teams and even download articles to read while you are offline.There are so many lousy games out there , that it is such a shock to see a game this good released .
 Had troubles at first learning how to hit the ball but after finding out how to use the controls this game is great .
 This is a dream come true for any baseball fan who loves to game . And for a portable gamer , such as myself , this fills my need for gaming . Baseball season is here , and its time for another game from Sony for the PSP.I really am a glutton for sound and feelings of the ballpark , and Sony delivers in this , their second MLB game for the Sony PSP . Hearing the beginning sound effects of the crowd at the ball park over stereo headphones should put goosebumps on any baseball fan 's arms . It does to me.Action at the plate includes the ability to change views . So I use the Pitcher view , when I 'm pitching , and the batter view when I hitting for a very realistic feeling of baseball , outside of the ballpark.Mini games are fun , and noticably colorful on the PSP . The graphics pop off the screen . Extremely beautiful colors when the home team hits a homerun , and the fireworks go off.Commentary is great . The game says there are three speakers , but I only hear two per game . I love the commentary , as it makes me feel like I 'm watching on TV and playing at the ballpark at the same time.Not `` perfect '' but I give it high star ratings . Great effort this season !
 I traded in mlb 06 for psp for this one and this one is so much better because of the game modes like season mode and career mode and there is homerun durby and king of the diamon . The graphics are amazing in the minor league and mlb stadiums and you can create your own player it is cool
 this game is sweat.there is this homerun derby and it is fun.howard is the best in the homerun derby.there is a season mode and i am the yankees.i am in the worldseries!but i hate that theres no umpires.so if you like baseball get it now !
 I got this game not knowing what to expect ... once i got it i couldnt put it down , it was better than any game i had ever played before !!!!!!!! buy it its not a waste of money -LRB- like many other games -RRB- and u will enjoy it just the same as i still do ... actually im playing it right now !
 this game was the most realistic handheld game i have ever seen . This game is a must buy !
 yo if u want a nice baseball game , get dis dam game . yo da story mode is da best part . u make ur guy , put him in triple A , den get put into da majors . yo im tellin u to get dis game.o i aint a kid .
 This is a very fun baseball game . Loved playing career mode . Did it once as a pitcher -LRB- broke Cy Young 's 511 win record -RRB- and once as a batter -LRB- broke most records -RRB- . Only drawback that is part of most PSP games is the looooong load times . One thing that is particularly nice about this 2006 MLB video game is that it 's the only game I have played that NEVER locks up . Most other games will lock up if you press buttons at the wrong times , often during loading . I have played this game for hundreds of hours without a single lockup - so you do n't have to save at every opportunity . Its proof that if the program is very well written , its idiot proof .
 About a year ago his older brother got '06 MLB The Show . Both boys loved it and both wanted to play it all the time . The younger brother requested the game as a birthday present and is delighted with it . Both boys do not get tired of the game . They believe '06 The Show is best of the baseball psp games . I highly recommend this game for baseball fans .
 This is the best PSP game I have played period , out of all Genres . I would have to say that is the most enjoyable Baseball sim I have played on any console . It is very addicting and fun at home or making the time fly by when you are on the go .
 MLB 06 rocks ! The graphics and game play are amazing . The option to play head to head or with various players online is cool too . This is an all around great baseball game that blows the competition out of the water !
 now you can take it on trips , anywere ! Anytime ! No glitches in the one i got , real-life crowd reactions and such . this is a must have for any baseball fan out there !!
 I got this game a couple of days ago . It 's really good . At first it seems really hard . There are many features that can confuse you , but once you play it for about a week , you understand everything and use the game 's full potential .
 This game has a pretty steep learning curve , particularly if you 've never played a baseball sim before . And the manual is somewhat lacking . But through trial and error , you will pick up the insides and outs . Quite simply , this is the best baseball simulation I 've ever played . The graphics are very good and the play is very realistic . And for the PSP , it 's a great way to kill time on a plane if you are a frequesnt traveller such as myself !
 My son really enjoys this game . It is fun to play . The graphics are great .
 Sony hit this one out of the park . For the most part , this is an exact port of the PS2 verison . Missing is player creation in franchise mode , and a few other bells and whistles like rivalry mode . Otherwise gameplay and audio is almost similar , a wonder considering the PSP has three few buttons to work with.Two quibbles through1 -RRB- The PS2 version tracks pitch history , the PSP verison only tracks balls and strikes2 -RRB- Load times are really cumbersome .
 Mortal Kombat Mythologies Subzero is perhaps one of the most underrated games in the Mortal Kombat lineage . The gameplay is not too far off from MK3 . The only issue with gameplay is the turn around button . Otherwise it plays just like 3 with platforming . The story is excellent , although some cinemas seem a bit campy . The difficulty is a bit ramped up , which is annoying , but the story is worth the aggravation .
 MK Mythologies Sub Zero in my opinion , is one of the best Mortal Kombat games of all times . It combines the classic MK fighting system with a new world to explore . It does not take place in a fighting ring , you actually must solve puzzles , get past traps , and even make potions ! It may be 7 years old , but it is still a great game that all MK fans should play .
 I bought this game when I did n't found the game I wanted , it was a fairly good game , Sub Zero is now one of my favorite characthers , I have n't played the special forces yet , hope it 's as good as this one.They should make one of Johnny Cage ...
 This game was ok I mean Sub-Zero is my second favorite charecter my first though is Scorpion and he is one of the resons I rented this game . It was an ok story but nothing really cool so I guess by it if your favorite charecter is Sub-Zero other then that you will just b!t -LRB- h about how hard it is .
 This would have been an absolutely brilliant game if the difficulty level had been low and if the controls had been good.Otherwise it 's a great game.The graphics are superb , the sound effects are done quite well.The FMV sequences in between the stages are stunning.The first stage is n't tough to beat , but from thereon it becomes quite tough and frustating at times.The controls are n't that easy to master . But all in all still a welcome addition to the MK series .
 This is a very good adventure game . Sure , it 's not the Mortal Kombat fighting game , but it is an adventure game . The FMV 's are great and it has an interesting storyline . I recommend it .
 While the name and look of the game feels like an original good old `` beat the living # $ % * outta opponents '' Mortal Kombat game , many like myself were surprised to find that its actually an adventure/platormer styled game!This however makes Mythologies so unique . The storyline is set BEFORE the first MK game , so it could go in whatever direction it wished ... and its all about SUB-ZERO . Always one of my personal favorites , it was nice to see the blue clad Lin Kuei travel around on a quest full of puzzles , traps , and secret goodies . The way they used the original `` motion capture '' method like in the first MK games also made this feel like it really WAS part of the Mortal Kombat series . Plus , with cameos from many of Mortal Kombats ' lore , its fun and quite catchy to see who pops outta nowhere to be a boss or potential plot twists the first time around.One thing that makes this sort of frustrating for me is that like ALL Mortal Kombat games , the game is hard even on an easy setting . Also , the timing is a bit off on certain areas of jumping on platforms or even attacking . However , this game continues to be a great game and well worth playing again and again.Definately worth the buy if you are a Mortal Kombat fan like me , or if you wan na have a pretty good platformer . It isnt the best out there , but it sure is one awesome experience.FLAWLESS VICTORY !!
 This is definitely my favorite action adventure MK game of all time . Especially this Playsation version that I 'm reviewing . This is the last MK game to use the side scrolling 2D graphics . The player takes control of MK 's popular fighter Sub-Zero before he enters the MK1 tournament . The story takes place some years before the MK 1 storyline were Sub-Zero is given certain tasks to do for every mission . In Short , Sub has a lot of special moves that the player has to earn throughout the game , the spine rip fatality when you finish certain bosses , -LRB- which will affect certain parts of the games story -RRB- , combos , a variety of different levels that are fantastic both in looks and music , environmental traps , getting across platforms , the variety of enemies , the bosses , some familiar/classic MK bosses , and others that are completely new , and the climbing of different stories to get from one area to the next . The game has blood and gore as it should and it has full motion video cutscenes with real actors and realistic CGI backgrounds . This is definitely a great game that I recommend to any MK and/or Sub-Zero fan .
 After many years I finally got this game again thank to the people Who provided it for me . The game works great and the game itself is so fun . I love it . Thanks !!! I 'll be sure to order from them more often if they have what I 'm looking for . : -RRB-
 The game was awesome . I got it for my boyfriend . We enjoyed it so much . The gameplay was short , but the story was awesome ! Thanks !
 I have played this game , and it is my favorite game in the world ! I am a BIG Sub-Zero fan , so I just got it at first because it is a game dedicated to him . Then I played it , and I was glad I bought it . The graphics and backgrounds are great , especially when you see reflections in water , which you do n't on N64 . The Playstation controller is perfect for this kind of game , and the acting in the FMV sequences are also great , considerring John Turke 's portrail as Sub-Zero . If you have Playstation , get this game . If you have N64 , get this game at your own risk !
 This thing is one of the greatest inventions that has ever come out for gaming consoles . Not only does it let you use a PSX or PS2 controller on your gamecube , it converts all controls , vibration functions , and -LRB- in the case of a ps2 controller -RRB- the pressure sensitivity functions . Although I am a firm believer of using the controllers that belong to each system , I have found that using a ps2 controller is sometimes more suited for some games . The downside is that it is not a Nintendo licensed product and therefore is more likely to break or malfunction .
 ... This thing is awesome . Most of you out there already have a PSX or PS1 -LRB- unless you traded in at Funcoland or something -RRB- , so you have the PS2 / PS1 Dual Shock controllers just sitting around while you play your Gamecube . Wrong !! With this gadget , you can use your Playstation controllers -LRB- which you already love using !! -RRB- on all your Gamecube games . I have a multitap for my PS2 , so I already had extra controllers . Buying two of these is still cheaper than buying one Gamecube controller ! You 've got ta get one !!
 joystick one is the gamecube joystick joystick 2 are the c buttons the X button is the A button for gamecube the square button is B on the gamecube the Triangle is th Y button on Gamecube and the Circle button is the X on gamecube > I think personally that this iten is great for the fans of PS2 and PS1 because if your used to play something on playstation then your PS2 controller will seem a lot freindlier with the gamecube this is totally a must have item and plus it save you a whole lot o ' money insead of payin a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- expense for an extra gamecube controller
 I 've since discovered way of fixing the previous problems I mentioned with the Nyko Play Cube adapter . First , after the intial struggle to remove the adapter for the Gamecube console , I noticed subsequent removal of the cord was MUCH easier . Next , the issue it has with certain games can be resolved by making sure the controller is unplugged when you turn the power on to the Gamecube . Once the game is booted up , you can then plug the controller in and it will function properly . I have confirmed this with Resident Evil 's item rotation problem and it works great now.These fixes boost my rating from 3 to 4 stars for this device .
 My name is John and i have a problem . When I play THPS3 and Madden 2002 , i have troble with the controller . Not mechanical problems , just an inability to have fun using the gamecube controller . Luckily for , there is this neat little thingy that lets me use a PS2 controller , which is better suited for games like these.This thing is alos helpful to people who already own a PS2 and wish to purchase a Gamecube . All they need to do to have optimal fun at SSBM , is to buy one extra gamecube controller , and tow of these gadgets and use their PS2 controllers , svign much moolah in the process.this invention is a revolution in the console game industry.FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY !!!!!!
 now my friends cant use the excuse `` im used to the ps2 controller '' or `` i do n't like the gamecubes controller '' because now you can use ps2 controllers on the gamecube . this is a great investmeant even if you dont have a ps2 .
 This is great if you have a ps1/psx/ps2 steering wheel so you can use it on games -LRB- Simpsons Road Rage , ect . -RRB- . It makes the game easier .
 If it hooks a completely different conrtoller to a different game system , then how does the button configuration work ?
 ... It works great . The only thing that is different is that the pitch sensitivity on my game -LRB- Rogue Squadron 2 -RRB- went way up , so I turned faster , which is n't such a good thing . I do n't have any other games , but I 'm sure that things like this are bound to happen . Overall it is a good , inexpensive product that I recammend peopl buy instead of wasting money on new controllers .
 I bought this item after hearing about it on amazon and thought it would be great . I read that it doesnt fully work with Resident Evil . I also found out for my self that it doesnt work at all with Eternal Darkness . This product did work for me with Sonic Adventure 2 and Super Mario Sunshine . So if it is worth the risk of not working all games and you have extra ps2 controllers lying around I will recomend this item . It 's only -LSB- money -RSB-
 My name is Jet and I have two playstion and Gamecube controllers . I 'm taking a trip 3 frinds with Gcn . I had a choice between two new contorllers for 70.00 or 2 play cubes for 20.00 . I bought the cubes and sonic battle 2 . THIS IS THE BEST INVENTION EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My name is John , and I am an avid console game player . I have noticed that when I play Madden 2002 or THPS3 on the gamecube , the controller does feel right . I can make it work , but I do n't get the ultimate experience that i get from the PS2 versions of these games . This thing is the only soltion to my problem . It allows you to use a PS2 controller with these games . This i good because the PS2 controller is Madden and THPS3 are games that are definitly made for the PS2 controller . Its also helpfully for another reason . Already own a PS2 and want to purchase a Gamecube with SSBM ? Buy two of these handy devices to save some money and put your PS2 controllers to use.This device is a revolution to the video game industry . 5 stars all the way !
 These things are pretty cool . Seem to work great . For -LSB- money -RSB- I can add 2 controllers instead of 1 !
 Picture quality = 5sound = 3gameplay = 4over all the only mess up is that the controls were to loose
 This game is like neopets , petpetpets and all . You can change your colors and its and a great game ! Two thumbs up !
 ... and I 'm an adult . Sue me.That said , the game has great -LRB- cuuuute ! -RRB- graphics , real-time combat , 3-D environment , lots of pretty items to collect , plenty of choices on how to play -LRB- smart mage , tough fighter , ranger vs melee vs mage , etc -RRB- , and a fairly interesting story line.no comment yet on how long the game is - if it 's like Popolo Crois , it 's gon na be too short , and I suspect that 's how RPGs for PSP tend to be . all the games for psp cost too much at first release.Load times - they 're kept to a bare minimum while in towns and dungeons , no loading during fights or while opening chests and stuff , but the time ya got ta wait while entering a new area is kind of a pain . So far I 'm using the break to go stretch my legs or use the bathroom , it 's that long.my only real complaint about the game is there arent enough player avatars and there 's no customization -LRB- well , you can dress them up , but that 's it -RRB- , aaaand all the avatars are cat-creature thingies -LRB- even tho one claims to be a dog-fox cross - I have a friend who will plotz over the stupidity of combining dogs and foxes ... -RRB- so , ok , kids game with all the basic limitations - short list of avatars , no perspective control , most of the action is seen from above , and absolutely no blood or gore of any kind . It 's still got lots to do , lots to see , and the promise of much eye-candy to come .
 I have been considering for a while before I purchase the gamethe characters are kinda childishhowever , once I start , found the game is pretty good , pick a petpet you want , it may be hard at first because you may need to solve some puzzleafter you acquired some weapon , magic , elemental growth , petpet pet , you 'll discover the fun of the game , the character 's initial stat is different , but you can change throughout the gamethe graphic is excellent , but it becomes sluggish when there 're a lot of NPCs on the screen -LRB- this is the reason why I gave 4 stars overall instead of 5 -RRB- if you do n't mind the childish characters and NPCs , this game is worth to buy , but it may be suitable for 12 + , because it 's a little bit complicated at first
 i think it 's awesome and considering this is only neopet 's 2nd game , the graphics are awesome ! the thing i hate about it is it takes too long to load , and you do n't have `` lives '' so when you die you have to start at a save point and wait like 3 minutes for it to load or you have to restart it the area , I recomend getting this game and getting `` Neopets - The Darkest Faerie '' i got it too and it 's really cool too !
 This was a real fun game ! It was great!The story opens as gypsy girl Megan and her faithful Petpet are pursued by the nefarious Argus and his slavering pack of Werhonds . Megan is searching for the fabled Wand of Wishing , and with it she intends to reverse the evils that Argus -LRB- who was once her friend -RRB- has wrought upon the world of Neopia . Argus manages to corner the desperate gypsy and , though she discovers The Wand before Argus can reach her , Megan is unable to unleash its power as one the Werhonds races forward and snatches it away -- only to then disappear through a mysterious portal . Megan 's Petpet also leaps through the open portal before it snaps shut , whereupon the Petpet finds itself transported to the world of Petria . Here it must attempt to track down the Werhond , retrieve The Wand of Wishing , and save Neopia and Petria.So much fun !!!!!!!!!!!
 i bought this game for my grand daughter and she loves it . she plays it all the time and says its a lot of fun
 This game is when you go on an adventure and try to save the world . You will be facing creatures and try to destroy them so you can save the world . My favorite part of the game is facing monsters . The thing I dont like about the game is that it can be allitle bit too challenging for me but it still is fun .
 So I bought this game looking at the rating and thinking , it 's cute and should be somewhat easy . I was wrong , your neopet needs to be fairly powerful to start with , which is hard to due , since you ca n't get much money to upgrade . When you do get enough money , you 're stuck in the harder levels , which makes getting pass or even getting to the boss very hard . But overall , it 's a fairly decent game . Just wished the upgrades on the neopet would of been easier to get to as first and then more difficult as the game progressed .
 This is a great game . I 've had hours of fun . A must have for any PSP user .
 I played the game in the arcade and it is exactly the same on Xbox.i would recommend this game to others .
 This is my favorite game of all time . We finally got an xbox so now I can play it on there . I also have the PC version and the Gameboy Advance version . Such a great game !!! Came across it on a cruise and have loved it ever since .
 All the game are good . Millipede being the weak link , because I did n't even like centipede . which it happens to be just like except for a few upgradesGauntlet is a multipalyer -LRB- up to 4 -RRB- Dungeons and Dragons type RPG/Action game tonsof levels.crystal castles is great . It was one the best games in the arcade at the time -LRB- the other was burgertime -RRB- you are a bear that runs around a `` maze like '' course and collect crystals while avoiding enemies.Paper Boy is game where you uh ... . deliver newspapers , while avoiding typical hazards like traffic , dogs , runaway lawn mowers ect . . keep the customers happy and they will renew their subscribtion . It 's great.Road Blasters is game where you drive a car fast while shooting other cars out of your way . It 's fun.Marble Madness is game where you control a marble -LRB- with marble physics -RRB- through a timed obstacle course . Good gamesummary
 WOW!Paperboy , Gauntlet , Crystal Castles , Marble Madness , Millipede & Road Blasters ALL ON ONE CD ! WOAH ! Talk about your `` Greatest Hits '' collection . This is ONE heck of a Playstation/nostalgia/80 's / retro CD if I 've ever seen one ! I 'll admit , as much as I love games like Mortal Kombat , and blood and guts kind of games , I bought this CD for my personal favorite 80 's game called `` Crystal Castles '' ! Yes , I loved that cute little bear walking around collecting the jewels . This was also the first coin-op game that actually had a storyline and a `` real ending '' video sequence . Plus , even for the 80 's , this game had some of the most spectacular graphics and colors of any game in that period . Plus , it was one heck of a fun game.Luckily , I just bought a trackball for my Playstation console , so , the gameplay should be much easier than the joystick controller on many of these games . However , without a trackball , gameplay will be harder , and not much fun either . Keep this in mind when buying this cd . Although , for nostalgia reasons alone , I would have bought this cd anyway . : -RRB- If you found yourself plopping quarters into these machines as easily as I did in the 80 's , then you 'll still love playing them today.But , try to purchase a trackball ... You 'll appreciate the gameplay MUCH more . ...
 This title is a must buy because of Gauntlet , which is an exact translation of the arcade original , and the finest mix of puzzles and action I have ever played -LRB- short of its sequel , Gauntlet II , which I am still hoping will come out -RRB- . The other games are good , too -LRB- particularly Crystal Castles -RRB- , but Gauntlet , one of the greatest electronic creations ever , is THE reason this game is a must buy .
 I was so happy to see these great games of yesteryear being brought back for the Playstation . Games like Crystal Castles , Millipede , and Roadblasters used to eat up the quarters in the arcades . Enjoy !
 First of all , Marble Madness is a great challenge puzzle game . . Two players can go at it , at the same time , trying to make it through the puzzle with their marble . Very hard game too . You always wish there was more time on the clock . However , Paperboy is the great winner here . A good basic game of the original classic . I looked everywhere for this on Playstation . It did not dissapoint .
 I like the cool paperboy music you can bob your head to . Plus , Crystal Castles reminds me of an office chart or graph that was on the computer , and Gauntlet is part RPG/action game and millipede is my ripoff of Centipede , because it is theirs . Great Game !
 I got it just for Gauntlet , and I was n't disappointed with this perfect rendention of that arcade classic which emptied my pocket of quarters . The other games are just as faithful , for better or worse !
 If you like old school games than this is for you has some but not all the classic games you played as a kid great buy !
 If you grew up playing atari like me and fondly remember the simple aracade games of the 80s , then you will love this title.I can honestly tell you that this is one of the best classic game collections you will ever find for the ps1.Definatly more `` bang for your buck '' with this title , then in other similar collections . Games included are : MoonPatrol
 This is probably my favorite of the Williams/Midway arcade comps so far -LRB- although I have yet to play Arcade Party Pack . -RRB- The three real gems on this collection are Blaster , Joust 2 , and Splat ! - none of these games had ever been converted to a home system before.The controls and their effectiveness differ from game to game . Use of a control pad to play Spy Hunter is imminently dissatisfying -LRB- a steering wheel is almost necessary to play it -RRB- , and Splat ! does n't fare much better - perhaps Sony 's hard to find Dual Analog sticks -LRB- as opposed to the Dual Shock analog controls -RRB- would work better . Joust 2 , Burgertime , Blaster , and Moon Patrol all handle very well , and Root Beer Tapper moderately well.The multimedia portion of the game is also very nice ... the story behind Blaster is fascinating to those who are fans of Eugene Jarvis ' work.The only disappointment besides control issues concerns the lack of the original non-Root-Beer Tapper ; perhaps because of licensing restrictions , Sony guidelines , or even a wish to avoid a higher ESRB rating only the Root Beer version is included . Thankfully , the multimedia history * does * talk about the original bar-themed version of the game .
 This game was really hard to find because its so old . Finally I got it ! Im a classic games fan and I own game & watch gallery -LRB- all -RRB- , namco museum volume 1 & 3 , sega arcade gallery , konami arcade advance , and the atari collection 2 . Why this version didnt get my attention back then ? I didnt know it comes with tapper ! One of my favorite classic game of all time ! Midway has so MANY good classic games , they should make all of them into one disc for PS2 & XBOX.Here are the games :1 -RRB- BLASTER
 I only bought this game for Burger Time , I had n't ever heard of the others . I was even considering buying a NES when somehow I ran across this for PS and I could n't tell you how thrilled I was . I used to play this game on Atari every summer ... everything is exactly the way I remember it , even the music ! The only thing that sucks is you can only have up to 5 guys -LRB- is there a cheat code for this ? -RRB- and once you hit level 3 , they go FAST . Aside from that , LOVE it !!!!
 While many games in this compilation and others were later included the in Mega-Compilations for the PS2 & X-Box this disc contains two games that are n't on those compilations
 What 's cool about this game ? The music of your favorite Midway classics you can turn it up and play along to it . Root Beer Tapper was a funny game and I play the beer version on the laptop we have at home . The best music ? Moon Patrol , a drum-and-bass classic game with cool sound effects . Thanks Midway !
 If you love classic games , then this collection is for you . Spy Hunter and Moon Patrol are the reasons to get this game , in my view . If you own any of the other collections of classic games that are out there like , the Namco collections , Activison Classics , Arcade Party Pak , and the others as well , then this game should be purchased by you .
 First things first . This game has already been released . The release date was 3/21/02 . Look for it at EB Gameworld or Best Buy.Smash Court is a very good game . I ' t currently the best tennis game availalbe for the PS2.Pros :4 different game optionsplayers are very realistic . Timing plays a big part in the strength of shotsGreat training modes3 types of shots lob , spin , topspinPlay is fast and fun with fast load times.You can compete against top professionals in the 4 most prestigious tournaments . Along the way you win prize money that allows you to buy all sorts of goodies.Anna Kounikova!Cons : The graphics could be a little betterOnly 4 courts to play on -LRB- But you still get grass , clay , and regular courts -RRB- If it matters there are only 8 total players to pick fromBottom Line : If you have to have a Tennis game immediately Go buy Smash Court right now . It 's a great game with a ton of replay value.BUT !! If you can wait . Sega is releasing Tennis 2K2 for the PS2 in late spring or early summer . To be honest 2K2 will be better . Better Graphics , more options , deeper game play . If you can wait I would advise it . Sega is the leader in Tennis .
 Man , this game 's awesome . The best tennis game I 've played in my life -LRB- yes , better than virtua tennis -RRB- . This game is not that hard . I 've unlocked 2 players and won 2 grand slams . AND I 've only had it for a week . People say this game is way too hard but I totally disagree . First -LRB- I think unlike most gamers -RRB- I read the manual . It tells you EXACTLY what buttons to press if you want the ball to land where ever you want it to . This game has also got mad graphics and music . I suggest you read the manual first if you do n't want to get frustated with the game.Jolly
 I 'm 33 years old and when you get myself and 3 of my friends together to play doubles , 5 hours later - we take a break ! This game is great as a one player game , but plug in the 4-way and you 'll have blisters because you ca n't put it down . The graphics and play are both good . This is the only review I have ever written and highly reccommend it . If you like to play tennis on the court or on the PS2 - you should have this game .
 This game is great for star wars fans ... I think that they will eventually come up with something better , but right now this is the best one ...
 If you like tennis and video games this game is the best . I cant stop playing !! It has your favorite players and the gameplay is awesome . You can play doubles which is great too . You can pick from the greatest tournaments . The graphics are amazing also , the players do exactly what they do in real life !!! All I have to say is if you want a tennis game pick this one !!!!!!
 This game is well designed and I particularly enjoy all the options available in the exhitbition mode where you can play 1 , three or five sets with 2 , 3 or 6 games per set . I like the variety in the surfaces and the realistic designs of the players -LRB- although in real life Agassi 's main weapon is his FOREHAND and Kafelnikov 's is his BACKHAND the game has it reversed -RRB- . Little touches like Agassi bowing to all four corners after he wins and Sampras swinging his racquet lightly while waiting to receive or knocking sweat off his brow after a big point are cute and very true to form . It 's also a ton of fun to play it in doubles with a buddy . However in the hard levels the computer players constant blast back return aces that are unrealistic . As the server you have to guess where the return is going to go and that is a little too much . And the serves are much less effective as the player than the computer 's are . In real life a good returner can get himself into a point and even ahead off a second serve but rarely should someone be on defense after hitting a 120 mile an hour serve . I would hope with the next game they correct this to make the returns a little less effetive .
 The multi player in this game i think is the best part . The tournement modes arnt very rewarding but setting up a single match is fun . I dont think this game will be one that your playing day in and day out but its great for those times when you only have 20 or 30 minutes of spare time to kill . very realistic movement by the players . Sure beats all of the tennis games in the past .
 I have been waiting for a tennis game to be released for PS2 . When I found smash court a was a little apprehensive because I 'm an avid ` judge a book by it 's cover ' kinda girl , and it did n't look all that great . But I was pleasantly surprised after playing it ! I thought it was pretty fun and the graphics were pretty good as well . Even though I rented it and di n't buy it -LRB- always safer ! -RRB- if I were asked for my opinion on purchasing it I would say that it 's definetly worth the $
 The best tennis video game that I have ever played . Truly realistic game play . Great graphics and sound . If you like tennis , buy this game . Easy to learn & play . There are different difficulty levels to choose from . I am very impressed with the game play .
 If you are a tennis fan and always wanted to play a match at the U.S. Open or Wimbledon.Well here 's your chance . I think this game is awesmome . When I first bought it I played it for at least 3 hours straight . So if you like tennis this is a great buy . Only draw back there are n't enough players .
 This game is actually really fun when it comes down to it . I am a 13 year old tennis fanactic so maybe there is a little biased . THe game has good timing and an excellenct choice of players . Including agassi , sampras , kournikova , and seles . I would have to say sega sports tennis 2k2 is a better game but if you are looking for another game that is simlar to 2k2 and almost as good i strongly recommend this game IF sega sprots tennis 2k2 is bought first .
 Smash Court Tennis Pro is an excellent game and is well worth the money . I do n't play tennis and only watch the major championships , but this game makes me want to go out and play . The graphics and gameplay are wonderful . The only major drawback is no create a player , but the professional players that you can choose from clearly make up for that .
 My son loves this game . We had it before , but it got broken . This purchase was a replacement . It is a little ` bloody ' at times , but it 's fine for older kids .
 Love the game . Just replaced it w / an old one that I had . To many scraches on the old one . Just love it so much I will replace it again once the new one is worn out .
 I 've been looking for this game for a long time and it has been worth the wait ! I would do business with this dealer again !
 My husband and I both loved Mortal Kombat when we were younger , so it was great to revisit an old favorite !
 The game came actually faster than I thought it would . The quality is great , works just fine . Plays just like I remember , and it really is one for any Mortal Kombat fan . Very pleased !!!!
 Has everyone from mortal kombat 1-3 and more including bosses . Very great . Very awesome . 1v1 , 2v2 , 8 player ladder modes . If you 're an early mortal kombat fan like myself , this game is a must have .
 Great game and company to deal with in terms of buying used games . Must do business with .
 This game is awsome ! Me and my friends played it and they want to get it but for nintendo64 . They said they really wanted it and that the charictors of mortal kombat are great . They had never played the games or seen the movies . Anyway you should get this mortal kombat game .
 This is one of the best games that I have ever played.It is already the best fight game ever.If you are getting tired of the video games that you have now , just pick this game up.You will not be dissapointed.Peace Out .
 I think that mortal kombat trilogy is the best fighting game . I like the way every character and background from the first three were included in the game . Although when playing as Shang Tsung , morphs take a couple minutes to load and this can get very irritating . Overall , great game .
 I found this game really awsome . I suggest anyone to buy this game if you are mature enough , and can handle a little blood .
 MKT is a pretty good game . I was a bit dissapointed in the creativity of the attacks , finding every character to move the same , but I was spoiled by playing Tekken 3 before this one . The loading time was the only big drawback , but it gave me a chance to read the character bios between battles .
 oh my god dont get me started on this game oh how ive played this so i was ten and playing this game some times accidentally doing a fatality or babality oh how i was so anoying i repeated the same move over and over i beat this game in warrior with subzero so sooo somanytimes i hate mk4 for and the armagedon series the combo threads were more complicated i was so tortured by learning how to do the combos and searching for stuff and you could only do 40 % combos mk vs dc the combo breakers were the rage bars which are hard to fill they chould of bean seperated or not limitted and with good reason when some characters like flash get started on a combo thread they dont stop then youl be waisting a bar for rage it should be three chances for combo breakers who ever gets rage first weapon impale and rage meter from mk that shows a shadow and cheats to do specials in air bombs bursting every where and scorpions still there doing custum combos for victory and justice for aaaall !
 Newcomers will love it and old school die-hards will never settle for anything less again ! Supurb graphics , the maximum choice of characters . -LRB- even multiple versions of the same character since they changed them between versions -RRB-
 Mortal Kombat Trilogy was a great game . It , obviously compiles all of the first three MK games in one package and it 's made even better with the one button fatalities , animalities , babalities , brutalities , and the friendships . I heard also , that you can also , for the first time play as my favorite charactar , Shao Kahn . The only problem , I feel I must warn you is that the game is as hard as Hell . This is pretty much the only problem with the 2D Mortal Kombat games . So , if you 're in for a challange and you are a Mortal Kombat fan like I am , you might want to pick this up .
 Before there was Tekken and Soul Blade and the rest of the current fighters there was Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat . Mortal Kombat was easily the best in terms of richness of the game . The characters moved fluidly , the voices were understandable , and there was blood . The series progressed nicely with great additions and secrets added every step of the way.This title is a great , nostalgic look back at those times . Being able not only to play any of the characters from the first 3 games , but also as their different incarnations is huge . When the Genesis/Super Nintendo became obsolete I feared the loss of these games . But with their release on Playstation , especially in this title , I am happy . The game play is great and packed full of surprises . As far as 2D fighting games goes , this is the best and is better than many first generation 3D fighters . If you liked this in the arcade , you 'll like it here . Granted , it has the usual translation problems with the buttons in the wrong places and more difficulty moving the stick , but you get those problems with any console game .
 This game rocks ! I remember all the Mortal Kombat fighting games in arcades when I was in junior high . They were so awesome , the blood and those finishing moves are so cool ! Then recently , I saw the Mortal Kombat movies on TV for the first time ! They were so funny yet cool and brought back a lot of memories and got me all nostalgic . I decided I had to get this game . Then I realized that this game was out in 1996 ! That 's 5 years ago ! I searched all online stores but none have them and I dont want used ones either because they dont have the orginal cover and instruction . Then I called many stores trying to find this game but failed . So I gave up ... . Then a month later I went back to this game shop that I previously checked and they had a used mint condition Mortal Kombat Trilogy with everything ! I was excited and bought it immeditaly . -LRB- ... -RRB- This game was so difficult to acquire but I guess I got lucky . If you can find this game then buy it for sures , period .
 Mortal Kombat Trilogy was the game that put an end to The MK 3 storyline . Every character from MK 1-UMK3 return . At this point Earth & Outworld are close to being merged . The Elder Gods refuse to get involved so the only hope is Raiden he transforms into a mortal so he can survive in both relms . He leads the Earth Warriors into the final showdown . Also Johnny Cage has resurrected . Baraka is back just as Millena promised . Scorpion , Reptile & Sindel have all turned on Shao Kahn 2 sub bosses have came back Goro & Kintaro . A wild card is a new fighter called Chamelon . Nooob Saibot who was a hidden fighter in MK II is playable he was playable in The GEN & SNES version of Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 but he was n't in the arcade or Saturn versions of Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 . Rain a ninja dressed in purple & his name is Rain take a quick guess on that 1 ? Rain was originally fighting for Shao Kahn Kitana helped him recall his past his father was an Edian Knight who died in the war against Shao Kahn . The whole idea was 1,000 's of centuries ago The Mortal Kombat Tournament was created by Wisemen of the east who saw a forbidden land that 's why it was created . Shao Kahn has tried & tried to use the tournament to weaken The Dimensional Gates . Which ultimately Raiden wants the fight to the death with Shao Kahn . Which Noob Saibot sees this as the opportunity if Shao Kahn is killed Noob Saibot can get a fallen Elder God out of The Netherrelm . John Tobias did the smart thing tied up everything & wrapped up the original storyline & left it open for a 4th installment . This is the most complete version of Mortal Kombat 3 it has everything & then some . All fatalities , babalities , animalities , friendships & brutalities are intact all the areas are in it . You can even play as MK 1 Raiden MK II Jax MK Kung Lao MK 1 Kan. . They even have there original fatalities too . You get to play as all the bosses . They did n't get endings though except for Shao Kahn but not much of 1 . MK Trilogy got ported to The Nintendo 64 PS1 & Sega Saturn . The 64 version is cr ap you can play as Shao Kahn & Motaro but no Goro or Kintaro . Chamelon is a female in the 64 version . Shao Kahn & Motaro got fatalities in the 64 version though . I just never liked the 64 version it really never was made for fighting games I 'm sorry its not . Maybe if they had a good arcade stick maybe . Saturn & Playstation ports are identical Saturn version costs more . Also if you play this on The Playstation 2 when you beat it you get a blank screen . I know The Playstation version has a thing for 1 button combos & a cheat for 1 button fatalities . So I 'll be back to review Mortal Kombat 4 .
 out of all the 2d mk games this one is the best . It was xmas 2009 and my uncle asked what i wanted for xmas . And i asked for this . Because nowadays u cant get it anymore . The graphics are slightly not as good as arcade ports . It has to load , and shang tsungs morphs take loading time to . Also when u win a round the 1 second tune part is disabled leaving just silence . The n64 version doesnt need loading but it lacks all the stages and kharacters that this version has to offer . So this is the best mk game u can get . A to make it feel more classic . Buy some arcade controllers .
 I 'm almost certain most people looking at this product have played it at least once in their life , like me . I had almost forgotten about the mortal kombat franchise until my girlfriend bought me MK
 MKT is really a great game ! It takes all of the best features from MK1-3 and translates them flawlessly onto the Playstation platform . This allows die-hard fans like me to play it without the Sega or SNES . However there are two glitches that kind of bother me . One is the fatalities . Sub-Zero 's old rip of the head is cut out , and there is no ice grenade to name a few problems . The second is the difficulty level . No matter if you chose Easy and Novice for the tournament , the computer will tear you up in less than 30 seconds once you get up toward the end of the latter ! Even if you are Kintaro , Shao Kahn will destroy you . I still have n't beat it . Other than that for -LSB- price -RSB- , it is definently worth it . : -RRB-
 MKT is all of the charactors from MK 1,2 and 3 with 3 's story . If you like the old school games , you 'll love this one.Pros : * Features over 30 charactors . * Has many fun codes and cheats.Cons : * Very outdated graphics -LRB- that 's a given -RRB- . * Very , VERY hard to beat . * No secret charactors to unlock .
 The reason i give this game 4 stars instead of 3 is because the slow loading times in beetween fights . If you owe a PS2 go to Ps driver and change the texture to smooth and disc speed to fast . The loading times are reduced by quiet alot . overall this game is great but the morphing of shang tsung can get frustrating because it has to load everytime you morph . this game is great for beginners but if you are a true hardcore MK fan get armageddon .
 I did not own this game for Playstation , I owned it for PC . But they are exactly the same.After an upgrade past windows 95 , this game never would work on my PC again . But I have thought about getting the Playstaion for this game -LRB- or a rom , shhhh -RRB- This game combined mortal kombat 's 1 , 2 , 3 and another version , I forget the name into the one game . And that was a great move . Finally all the charactors where playable in the one game , even hidden charactors where findable like a cool charactor named Chameleon who was a ninja , but kept changing , he 'd morph into scorpion , sub zero , reptile , rain ect ... All the charactors where there . But not all the backgrounds where , a few where missing . What made this game the best was turning on one button fatality isntead of memorising thousand step codes that wouldnt always work . You 's just go to the options menu and hold Up , and the block buttons or something and it would let you access a secret option menu where you could select the cool cheats . One button fatalitys was the best , you could press one button when it said finish to do the finisher 1 , 2 , freind shipm animality ect . . this is still my favorite MK game . I have rated it here because the N64 version sucked and was not a trilogy , it was MK3 with a few extra charactors .
 This game is da bomb !! Forget about Mortal Kombat Trilogy on the Nintendo 64 . The Playstation version blows that one away ! You get to pick more selectable fighters , including Goro , Kintaro , Motaro , Shao Kahn , Jax & Kung Lao from MK 2 , and Raiden & Kano from MK 1 . Plus , the sound fx and music are equivelant to the smash arcade hit . And speaking of the incredible soundtrack , you can even stick this disc into your CD player and actually listen to music from the game ! In other words , MKT is both a video game and a music CD !!! Of course , this thing is loaded with plenty of blood and violence , but that should be a real treat for gore hounds . Diehard MK fans will definetly get their moneys worth . The options menu offers you some pretty cool stuff , including automatic combos ! That 's right , you can do combos simply by tapping one button ! That rocks ! The graphics & animation look pretty good for a 2-D game , and the controls and gameplay work together nicely . However , this game does have its cons . The game only has one cheat menu , which kind of s * cks . The one-button-fatalities mode messes up sometimes . The game itself freezes sometimes and you have to reset the game . If you have both a PS1 and a PS2 , avoid playing this game on your PS2 . Instead , play it on your PS1 . This game messes up a lot when played on the PS2 console . I 'm not sure why , but it plays good on the regular PS . All of the stage fatalities are here except for the Pit 2 fatality , but I can do without it . The bosses are incredibly hard to beat , unless you play as one of the bosses yourself . You can beat Shao Kahn best with Noob Saibot by shooting your ring at him and doing combos on him . The bosses do n't have fatalities , but they sure are tough . The storyline on this game s * cks and does n't go into detail like MK3 did . However , each character has their original tournament outcome when you beat the game , which is cool . Other than that , this game is still da bomb ! Straight & simple . If you 're a diehard blood-thirsty MK fan , then get this freakin ' game now . Otherwise , steer clear .
 This game without a doubt would have to be the best of the series with so many characters and endless combos a must for any Mk fan
 This game is very fun got ahead give it a shot its worth the price , do i need to say anything eles ?
 This game is very good . It combines the good things of the original Mortal Kombat with -LRB- few -RRB- good things of the later Mortal Kombats such as -LRB- MK3 & MK3 Ultimate -RRB- . It is worth buying if you still play your Playstation1 , or if you are a die hard MK fan and you still want to play it on your PS2 IF you have one .
 Hi , my name is Lyman and I like this game Here are some things I like about it 1 -RRB- animality rules 2 -RRB- brutality rules 3 -RRB- babality is really funny and 5 -RRB- Friendly is Funny and that is all I have to say accept I think this game is super awesome non-stopping bloody battling freaken fun
 I have a LOT of history with MK . It was my first game -LRB- not really , but the first game I really got into -RRB- and I remember playing all three installments until I got blisters in my thumbs . I remember seeing the movie on opening , then being letdown by the sequel . I remember the failings of Mythologies and Special Forces , but most of all I remember this game . MK 1-4 are the best MK games , and while this does n't sport the flashiness of Mk4 , it 's better because of the nostalgia and the characters . I mean , the gameplay is awesome-turn on the blood , turn on the option where you get your life back , put it in 2 on 2 mode , and turn on the four round matches , and you got 20-30 minute galas with four characters . This would be a load of memories if it did n't play well-however , it plays great . However , being spoiled to the SNES fast loading , when you 're totally pumped , the loading in between matches can be a little much . HOWEVER - -LRB- and this is a big HOWEVER -RRB- this game ca n't play on PS2 ! Dang ! Why not ? It would totally speed it up , crisp the graphics a little , and plus I would n't have to have to hook my old PS whenever I wan na play this . Thankfully , MK5 is on the way . This ca n't tarnish the greatest fighting game ever -LRB- only Tekken can come close to it 's awesomeness -RRB- and ca n't tarnish it 's great memories . From the creepy announcer guy , the font of MORTAL KOMBAT with the little dragon , from the music , from the characters , to Goro in all his glory , MKT is the greatest game EVER .
 There is no need to buy each game separately except after Mortal Kombat 3 . This collection is slammed pack with all three and all the characters with old and new combos with quick death defying killer moves . A must have for you Mortal Kombat fanantics ! Great game !
 I bought this game for my son after he played the actual arcade game at some place . He really enjoyed the big arcade game so I thought I would by it for his PS2 and he has n't stopped playing it . It is a bit gory but what games are not these days . I would recommend this for kids 13 or over .
 bought this game for my son so i dont know about the game if there was something wrong beleive me he would have let me know by now
 Mortal Kombat Trilogy is pure fun ! It contains all of the characters from MK3 and MK3 Ultimate in addition to new playable characters . Plus , there are great modes such as 2 on 2 kombat , and an 8 person tournament , and I 'm sure that it would be a fun and adrenaline-pumping challenge for even the most seasoned MK veteran . Overall , it 's a great game with plenty of challenges , great game modes , and a wide selection of characters , 32 , to be exact , plus a classic version of Jax , Rayden , Kung Lao , and Kano from the first two games .
 Whew !!!!!!!!! ... After being highly disappointed with the N64 version and playing it on the PSX with my cousin , I think that the PSX version is the BEST MORTAL KOMBAT GAME EVER !!!! I mean , how can you go wrong with picking this excellent title up to build up on your PS1 collection ? This has Fatalities , Stage Fatalities , Brutalities , Fatalities and many others . Plus , you can get the classic MK Characters and stages . So , if you do not have this game and have either or all of the three PlayStations that have came out , I highly recommend you to pick this masterpiece up .
 Personally I think that this is the last of the good Mortal Kombats , I do n't really kare too much for the one 's with all the weapons plus the kombos were Killer in this one . I just like some of the kharacters from the new . I 'm glad someone still has this game around . I only have too complaints it seems to freeze up after a 2 player game is done , therefore you have to reset it and the whole Shang Tsung loading thing , other than that I enjoy it and it brings back teenage memories .
 As usual , our friends at midway and gamespy have put out an excellent PS2 game where you can kill each other and no one gets hurt . Take it one bit -LRB- or is it byte -RRB- at a time . Different fatalities , different moves , always exciting , excellent product .
 The gameplay is fluid but the loading screens take a while since -LRB- after all -RRB- it is a playstation 1 game . Graphics are standard and not as good as the original arcade game . All of the cheat codes are explained very well on several sites -LRB- just search Mortal Kombat Trilogy + cheat codes -RRB- . I have always liked this game and will continue to like it at home now .
 This game has it all ... From Fatalities to Brutalities . If you like to learn combos and love fighting games this game is for you . It has 32 characters that you can choose from ! You could even pick Shao Kahn or Motaro ! Do I really need to type anything more ? Come on ? What are you waiting for ? This game is for any DIE HARD Mortal Kombat fan . And if you are not a Mortal Kombat fan you should definitely check this game out .
 I received my order earlier than the expected date . I opened it and it worked perfectly . I would totally order from here again !!!
 Great game excellent customer satisfaction loved it ! A b c d e f g h I j and idk what else to write except these are very professional sellers
 This game was and is the best Mortal Kombat edition . The rest in playstation 2 and 3 or Xbox sucks , hopefully GOD reach Mortal Kombat developers with the Incoming realease with Mortal Kombat Legacy ... . OMFG FINALLY !
 this game is kool.but the graphics -LSB- bad -RSB- ! i like the blood the gore and the throwing people of the cliff into spikes.but the game is way 2 hard ! ... any ways it 's worth ur money so go buy it ...
 ALL THE FAVORITES FROM MORTAL KOMBAT 1-ULTIMATE MORTAL KOMBAT 3 ARE ALL HERE . THE GRAPHICS ARE FANTASTIC , THERE 'S A LOTTA COOL CODES THAT 'RE VERY USEFUL AND THAT MAKES THE GAME A LITTLE EASIER , AND THE FIGHTS ARE MORE FUN THAN THEY EVER WERE TO PLAY . AND , ALL OF THE BOSSES ARE , FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER , PLAYABLE CHARACTERS !! SO IF YOU WANTED TO PLAY AS SHAO KAHN , MOTARO , KINTARO , OR GORO , YOU FINALLY GET YOUR WISH WITH THIS INCREDIBLE GAME !!!! AND THERE 'S SECRET CODES YOU CAN ENTER THAT 'LL ENABLE YOU TO PERFORM FATALITIES WITH JUST 1 BUTTON , THERE 'S A CODE TO PLAY AS CHAMELEON , THERE 'S A CODE THAT ENABLES OLD MK 2 AND MK 1 CHARACTERS LIKE THE MK 1 RAIDEN , THE OLD MK 1 KATO , AND THE OLD MK 2 KUNG LAO . THIS IS THE ULTIMATE MORTAL KOMBAT GAME AND THIS IS THE GREATEST MK GAME EVER MADE !!!!! AFTER THIS AND MORTAL KOMBAT 4 , THE MK GAMES WOULD NEVER BE GOOD AGAIN .
 This overall is a great game and this is the best mortal kombat game that has been released .
 Trilogy has brought to the world named fatility but not only that but the meaning of BASIC Fighting games with experance 2-d action near 5 . Ok Midway was Serious about creating about other new products until we wait for ps2 And till MortalKombat-Deadly alliance . Who knows this game is better then other stupid games . Still theres still a little problem BUT YOU CAN FIX THOSE MINAR ADJUSTMANTS
 This game is really hard . You could beat the game with Kintaro and Goro easily . When you battle Shao Kahn with Sindel it 's really hard . I still like it though .
 This game is very nice it was hard and it took me a month to beat it . Ok I do admit some of the charecters from 3 and Ultimet suck so I do n't pick them . Yet I ca n't help but love it when I do Scorpions attacks and defeat Kahn . Yet number two will always be the best I think Unless Midway goes back with the old charecters and get some real writers for a better plot !!!
 This game is great . All three original MK games bundled into one , plus more ! It provides a great leadup to MK4 , and bridges the gap between the old 16 bit MK games and the CD and DVD MK games of today !
 My son always gets this every year for Christmas ! He loves this game and will probably always get it lol Thank You !
 Have n't played this in years , but it definitely brought back some memories of when I was a kid . Good price , good shipping .
 this game is really cool to me and it should cool to you.mortal kombat trilogy is the best game.awsome , cool , bloody , and best game ever .
 the game was good but , every time i beat the game , it never goes anywhere further after defeating the boss . plus the music messes up a lot at times .
 This was a really good MK game at the time.Heck.It still is good.It 's got all the characters from Mortal Kombat-Ultimate MK3 , Plus with the fatalities , friendships , babalities , ect.But there are some problems with this game.It does not include EVERY single background from the first game , like it does with MK II and MK3/UMK3 . It 's got the courtyard , the pit , the pit bottom and Goro 's dungeon , but where are the rest ??? I found that to be a major issue for me.Another problem I had with it , is alot of the backgrounds do n't have the music in them , from the original games.It seems all kind of shuffled up.Lastly , another little issue is , you can not perform a stage fatality in the pit 2 , that was orginally in MK II , which IMO , was the best stage fatality out of the first three games -LRB- Including UMK3 -RRB- ... oh and why is Johnny Cage all of a sudden fighting with his shades on ??? But Overall though , if you can overlook the little flaws , I guess this is a good game ... but IMO in could have been somewhat better .
 The Good
 The game works well and yet I did have trouble getting my product on tme but the carrier was generous enough to ensure me thaqt I would get it soon . The game works well enough to play every once in awhie it might freeze here and there but thats kinda rare so overall they did a pretty good job .
 I got this specifically for the original version and this REALLY brings back memories ! This was the barracks game of choice 20 years ago while I was stationed in the Army . I just had to get it and it 's every bit as much fun as I remember . Now I get to perform babalities on my wife ! Toastie !!!
 I do n't know about everybody else but this has and always will be my favorite Mortal Kombat . Its a great game if you appreciate older games and love the cheesy gore graphics . I would recommend it over any of the other mortal kombat games in a heartbeat .
 Basically , this is all the mortal kombats before it without the story lines . They have every single character . Noob Saibot is definately my favorite . You can also choose all the bosses from the beginning of the game . You can choose MK1 Kano and Raiden , or MK2 Kung Lao or Jax . This game is pretty tough . Especially when you fight Shao Kahn . But , he can be defeated . I have only beat him a couple of times . Just the amount of content in the game is amazing . The graphics are superb . There is some slowdown , but mainly at the end of an 8 player tournament or when Shang Stung transforms . Overall one of my favorite games .
 I have had this game a couple of years . When I want a challenge , this is what I sellect . If I ca n't afford to be all wound up and mean the rest of the day I do n't play it . It is UNREAL EVIL hard . I finally figured out that I ca n't play with who I WANT to fight with -- I fight with Kung Lao because my fingers work the controls best for him . The graphics are really good -- dated yes , but still very good and certainly tolerable for anyone . I have broken out in sweats and cursing fits that no other fighting game has ever caused and I have played most of them and own quite a few . I could play all the other 2-d fighters blindfolded and do better . So the deal is -- if you want evil hard -- here it is -- this game has your name all over it . The only way I have been able to beat a boss is by using the code to open up the option to reduce damage -- it reduces damage from the boss too but makes for a long grueling fight .
 This is the best MK yet -LRB- unless Advance or Deadly Alliance is better -RRB- ! It has 32 characters . Also , it has 4 classic characters.I 'm not sure about the 1-player mode , because I have n't played it for a long time since I 'm ordering a new one . MKT is better than MK4.The N64 and arcade versions have some differences . There is 2 new characters , I think -LRB- Khameleon and Noob Saibot -RRB- . You do n't have to do any Mercys with 1-button fatals on . They gave them wrong Animalities -LRB- Scorpion turns into a penguin , Reptile turns into a chimp , etc. -RRB- , but it 's not a big problem.To make a long reviw short , this could be one of the best fighting games on PSX .
 the multitap is not usable and the morphs still just turn into one like amazon said but fun game
 I have had this game for 3 years and I still love it , It has EVERY character.It has been my favorite ever since .
 I have played MK for years . From the arcade to Sega Genesis . I have found this installment to be fantastic . The fighting arenas are superb and the fighters are great . I mean , 36 fighters to choose from , WoW ! Buy this game if you have PSX , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 This is a very exciting game . There are so many charachters and special moves that out does other characters . My personal favorites are Sub-zero , Rain and Kintaro . But , the documentation that comes with the CD dos n't have all the special moves for all the characters . You got to download that from the Web . Without these it is very difficult to fight Mortal Kombat . Also , In case of Smoke and Shao Kahn the special moves does n't work properly . These are only minor glitches and should not hamper your enjoyment though .
 Im not gon na tell what you do in the game -LRB- its not only collecting dots -RRB- but im gon na tell you this , graphics are great and it is very fun to play.Oh and this game is better then the first one -LRB- thats for shure ! -RRB- So remember get this game , cause you wont regret it . : - -RRB-
 This is the greatest pac man game ever ! This is in fact the only pac man game I have played that is 3 dimentional . But I give it 4 stars awesome !
 Pac-Man World 2first of all I know this game is old but I still want to wright my review.okay pac-man world 2 this is not only one of my favorite gamecube games but one of my favorite games of all time . this is on of the best pac-man games I have ever played , ok pac-man world 2 you start off in the world of pac-land , spooky the main villain has been let out from his imprisonment by the classic ghosts we all know and love and they have taken the golden fruit that they imprisoned him in now ghost are recking havoc in pac-land and its our job to save the day . okay the first thing i would like to mention is the music/sound affects this is always important in games because you do n't want here the same thing over and over again this is not the case in this game I just love the music in this game there are so many great songs and so many remixes of the songs as you progress in the game and I just love all of the creative sound affects in the game along with some classic sound we all know from the original game . okay know the game play is great its easy to run around and smash enemy 's the one problem that other people have mentioned is the camera angle now I admit that this game has a few spots or when you are the heat of battle with a bos that it can get anoying but you have buttons on the controller that can be used to move the camera aingle and its not to bad the only thing that bugs me is when you wont to look down to see where you need to land and the camera angle does not really let you but any ways moving on , the basic object of the game is to get to the end of each course sounds easy right ? well it pretty much is if all you want to do is just get to the end of the level and run through the game however there are some tuff levels and battles you face latter but if you are like me and you do n't really belive you have truly beatin the game until you get and do every thing than it will take you a lot longer to complete there are 3 things you need to get first all of the pac-dots second all the fruits and third the tokens but more on that later this stuff can be hiden and you need to carefully search the area to find every thing now the only thin that bus me is that there is no way to now how much of something is left it tells you when you get every thing but not how much left not a really big deal but anyway the point of the tokens which is probably the most important thing to collect is that it lets you unlock extra content there is an arcade in pac-town you can go to when ever you want and play classic -LRB- and new -RRB- arcade games like the original pack man and lots of others there is also a jukebox that has all of the music from the game -LRB- yay -RRB- and most of these games go on two player which is nice when playing with a friend then there is a museium that has a very special mega awsome thing inside but you dont want me to spoil that for you now do you?now these need your tokens to play when you get anuff tokens to play a game and then play it you still have the tokens you just need to collect more to do the other things you can also get a bonus token by beating the time mode on each level after you beat it the museum costs the most tokens -LRB- of corse -RRB- and thats about it there are also mazes to find and collect on each level then you need to beat it to get it than you can play it in the arcade the arcade saves all of your hard earned high scores thankfully I hate it when games do n't do that so bottom line if you have a gamecube or no someone who does then you need to have this game and for newer people that might be reading my review if you have a wii all you need is a memory card and a controller and this great game and then you can git it to its a great game a true classic I hope my riview was helpfull -LRB- it shuld have been -RRB- if i did not awnser one of your questions then comment and i will respond to it enjoy the great game like i did thank you for reading.Ashton oh and the game has great graghics
 A great game that includes the original as an extra ! the levels are really hard and some of the booses are tough to . grap-hics are good and simple and the control is easy to figure out . the story is nothing special but that really does not matter in this case , IT 'S PAC MAN FOR GOD SAKE ! over all super fun !
 I rented this a couple days ago and I got to tell you that it 's really fun.In addition to the regular game you can unlock games and mazes in the arcade . Although its kind of hard , it is challenging in a good way . This is the best 128 bit 1 player game Ive played since the first Sonic Adventure for Dreamcast .
 Well , yesterday I finally defeated Spooky and he was surprisingly easy . The game is like a classic platform game only in 3-d form but the real strength of the game lies in the Pac Man World 2 mazes that you have to find in different levels . These are like the old Pac Man game only they look a lot better and are more fun . I read in a magazine that this game is frustrating and ridiculously hard . I totally disagree because this game is one of the easiest Ive played and while it can be challenging its never really frustrating . Its probably hard to collect enough tokens to unlock Ms. Pac Man but that 's no big deal because they have Ms. Pacman at the laundromat and I bet in the afterlife everyone will be able to play any video game they want anyway . Well , all I can say is that this game is very good .
 If you like video games this game is a must have . It features awesome graphics and is 3D . If you can get only one game for your Game Cube get this one !!! Pacman has always been my favorite game except it has been in 2D this is the 1st Pacman Game I 've Played that is actually in 3D !!! VERY long game that takes weeks to beat !!! tHE BOTTOM LINE IS TO BUY THIS GAME !!!
 this game is awesom.if you like pacman get this game it has a good storyline and great graphics
 Buy this game if you like short single player games , colorful graphics , snappy music , easy gameplay , clever mazes and old arcade games . There are a few major flaws such as its too short , its not very original , and a few levels are bland but its too pleasant to give it anything under 4 stars . Pac Mania is addictive as is Pac Attack and Pac Man as well as the unlockable mazes.Plus the game itse ; f is still fun no matter how many times you play it.So in conclusion this a pleasant game and hopefully there will be a Pac Man World 3 .
 If you already tried the old Pacman World on regular playstaton , this one has better graphics new worlds and more fun than ever before . They have ice skating , rollerblading , and let me say , it 's cool . Now I would n't recommend this for someone who gets really hung up on games and gets -LSB- mad -RSB- very easily -LRB- like me -RRB- . But anyway , it has new characters and you can go to any level you want , that is if you passed it already . Some of the settings are his village , the wilderness , Snowy mountains , Volcanoes , and much more . After you have defeated 4 of the individual levels you have to fight one of the ghosts in the original Pacman in the arcade -LRB- It 's not too hard ? -RRB- HAVE FUN !!!!!!!! YOU SHOULD GET IT !!!!!!
 Pac-man has been a classic arcade since late 80 's . Now it is available for any console -LRB- videogame -RRB- ! I own it on Psx -LRB- playstation -RRB- , it is called Pac-Man World 20th aniversary , it was great , it has a 3D environment and for the first time , Pac was turned into a 3D blast ! When i heard Pac-Man World 2 coming for the gamecube -LRB- i own a gamecube and a psx -RRB- i decided to be one of the first ones to buy it , and i did ! It is amazing , the 3D worlds are huge , which means you will have to explore alot . check out the good and bad things about it : The Good Things : - Huge 3D worlds-Pac never looked better-outstanding graphics and sound-arcade version is included-pretty difficult and challenging-awesome moves and powers-incredible enemies and story-lineThe Bad Things : - The music can get boring -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- - The cameras can get a bit rusty -LRB- you will get use to it -RRB- Overall , this game is a worth buying game to any arcade or plataform fan ! A solid title!Note
 Pac-Man World 2 is a excellent family game . It is suitable for EVERYONE , even adults . I am 11 , and I enjoyed it alot , because of the cool stuff you can use , such as Ice Skates , Rollerblase , an underwater marine , and it is a MUST BUY , because it is a 5-in-one . Yup ! Yup ! I soke of the oldie-classics , like Pac-Man , Ms.Pac-Man , Pac-Attack , and more ! I encourage you to buy it , no need for renting . NOTHING IN HERE PARENTS WOULD ` NT LIKE!Mature gamers will pass , unless you are an all-gamer . It is absolutely fun , and it makes a great gift . Buy iut for someone for christmas or birthdays ! It is CRAMED with fun , JAM-PACKED with adventure , and DAZZLIGN storyline , not to mention the EYE-POP-OUT graphics for this . MAN , OH MAN , the beginning 's graphics are UNBELIEVABLE , so check to see if you are on Fox Saturday Morning cartoon channel or your Gamecube ! Tthe lil ' yellow munchster returns in an epic to be discovered!P.S . I won it in ... 12 hours !!! Boo-baaah-haaaaa !!!
 I liked this game alot . it was the first game we got for our gamecube . It could be longer but even after you beat it it makes you want to play again.some of the water levels where you wear flippers are to easy.The graphics are pretty good but the camera can be hard to operate . definitely worth buying .
 Parts of this game just seemed impossible . I do n't think I would have finished without purchasing an Action Replay disc so I could get infinite lives , but I really needed infinite health and the cheat codes do n't provide that . I never could beat the last boss level , but since I got to see all the `` worlds , '' I was satisfied . Strangely enough , I suffered from motion sickness during the first two levels , the flat Pac Village and the benigh Forest , but after that , I was fine . Maybe it 's less dizzying when the colors get more intense and dark in caves and ghost worlds . So if you get sick , just stop , throw up , rest , and continue . By the third world it 'll be over . I really needed the infinite lives to get through the Volcano level .
 I rented this game the other day cause i dont know what to buy . it was one of the funnest games i have played but it was also kinda easy . The moves pac man can pull off are awsome . i dont care what type of game player you are , get this game . this game is addictive/fun to play and it makes you keep wanting to play it . Once again , buy this game cause it is fun , fun , fun .
 Pac-Man World showed that while people are now looking out for games with guns , explosions , and those other kind of things , there can still be a good game that does n't need any of that . The sequel has shown the same thing.PMW2 plays a bit like the first game , but with several improvements . For instance , there 's a fair difficulty now , and the camera angles are like how it usually would be in an average 3D game.The gameplay is really fun . You have what you had in the first PMW
 Fan of pac Man or not-this game shall be worth your while!I thought that this game was going to be cheezy , since it involved pacman and wondered how Namco could pull this off . I was wrong . This game kicked ass ! The Graphics are not that bad , close to being the best . 3-D pacmam never looked good . The game gets addictive fast , but it isnt the graphics that get hardcore fans wild . Here is a game that is easy to beat -LRB- Too easy I should say -RRB- and you do n't have to throw your controller across the room in frustration . This game is in fact easy enough that I think this game was made for children . But do n't let that stop you from buying it . Also , the game was too short and the bossess were harder then the some three levels combined . Spooky , being the last boss , was pretty easy compared to the rest . Even if you beat the game , you will re-play . I guarrentee . Buy one now or rent one and see for yourself .
 The graphics
 Being a fan of 3D platformers I felt it was my obligation to pick Pac-man World 2 up . ... However , I never expected it to be as good as it was.Graphics 9/10The graphics are really nice . I know people keep saying that these graphics are bad , but they are using a lot of the Gamecubes power . After playing it for a long time , I never saw a choppy frame rate.Sound 7/10It nothing special , but it does n't get annoying . It 's not as good as SA2
 You 've likely played Pac-Man in the arcade , or at least have seen Pac-Man do his stuff in the arcade . Well ... this is not the same game as what you 've played in the arcade . This is a Mario style adventure game that is a little on the easy side , but really fun.There are many levels spanning the whole of Pac-Land . This includes levels in forests , glaciers , and underwater . There are lots of fruits and dots to collect , and also tokens , which can be used to unlock classic Pac-Man games , like Ms. Pac-Man . You can also play original Pac-Man like mazes within the levels , which can then be played at any time.The graphics are quite good -LRB- at least on the Gamecube version , which is the only one , I have played -RRB- . The music for most of the levels seem to be based on a single tune , but they change it around enough so it almost sounds like a whole different tune . The quality of both graphics and sound is very good.The levels have the basic adventure game things like simple puzzle solving , jumping to platforms , and bouncing off enemies , but the levels are all different enough so as they are n't boring or repetitive.Although I said at the outset that it is a little on the easy side , it is by no means simple to the point of not being challenging . There are plenty of places that will test your abilities.Overall , this is a first class adventure game that you would do well to add to your Gamecube collection .
 If you are a Pac-Man fan than this is a must have . Namco 's Pac-Man World 2 brings traditional Pac-Man game elements into a 3-D world . The graphics are similar to Luigi 's Mansion.Pac-Man World 2 even has an arcade mode where you can play blasts from the past -LRB- 80 's -RRB- but inorder to perform this , you must collect tokens ; so you even get rewarded for your progress . This is tons of fun for the entire family so let the Pac-Man fever sweep you off your feet !!!!!!!
 My four year old son loves this game . He has been playing it for several weeks and I ca n't believe how much he loves the old arcade style `` mazes '' . I bought him a GameBoy Advance Namco Museum , and was surprised at how much he loved the old games , he chose Pac Man World 2 after seeing the case . The music and graphics are wonderful , the action is virtually non-controversial -LRB- yeah , I know , you do squash some bugs and other creatures -RRB- and your kids do n't have to be able to read to play the game . We also like Disney 's Magical Mirror and Spyro ... hoping to get Namco Museum and Hot Wheels for GameCube next .
 Pac-World 2 is a platform game based on the popular arcade character . As the storyline goes , the ghosts that continually haunt Pac-Man have unleashed an ancient evil on the Pac-World , and you , as Pac-Man , are the only one who can stop it.The goal is to get through the levels , attempting to eat all fruit & dots on each level . Through the game , you will encounter different styles of mobility , including ice skating & swimming . As is the norm for platform games , after you have cleared a few levels you will encounter a ` boss ' character , represented here by Pac-Man 's regular crew of ghosts.Gameplay can get a bit frustrating at times ; jumping seems to take up around 75 % of the actions in this game , as you will have to jump on rooftops , from branch-to-branch in giant trees , from platform-to-platform over lava pits , and more . Still , the controls are easy to pick up , and you never get a feeling of being hopelessly stuck in the game ; it 's just a matter of being able to time the jumps right.An added treat in this game is the addition of some of the older Pac-Man arcade games , which require you to collect certain amounts of tokens througout the game to unlock . Included are the original Pac-Man & Ms. Pac-Man & PacMania -LRB- a Tetris-like game -RRB- , plus some other bonuses . Also included are semi-hidden bonus mazes , which put you in a 3-D version of a regular Pac-Man style maze . Complete the maze without losing 3 lives & you will be able to replay the maze at will.All in all , this is a solid platform game that will certainly make Pac-Fans happy . Hardcore gamers might find it to be a bit short & repetitive , but will still enjoy renting this one .
 I never played # 1 , and am only somewhat a platformer fan . I also though the idea of Namco pushing their PacMan license was cheezy and there was no way this game would be any good . All the reviews I 'd read praised it so I decided to buy it because the store was out of Bloody Road -LRB- thinking I would probably end up selling it off used -RRB- . I 'm glad I got it ! This game is A LOT of fun . It 's well designed and the developer deserves kudos for making the PacMan thing work . This is a great 3D platformer and reminds me a lot of Super Mario 64 .
 Pac-Man World 2 has over 20 levels . You can Ice Skate , Rev Roll , Bounce , Swim , Kick Flip , and even ride a Pac-Marine ! You can even play Pac-Man -LRB- original -RRB- , Ms. Pac-Man , Pac-Attack , Pac-Mania , and 3-D mazes , too ! Not to forget the Jukebox . This game is recommend . The only bad thing is ... I won it in a day ... It is very fun . It is way worth the 50 bucks ! Buy it ! I started to give-up my hopes on this game before I rented it ... Do n't make the mistake I almost did ! Oh , I almost forgot the story ... The Ghost Gang stole the Golden Fruits from Pac-Village and unleashed Spooky , who has been living under the tree . The storyline is almost like a cartoon ! If you win it , you can still play the arcade games . Buy it .
 This games extreme 3-D graphics , non-annoying music , easy control , and all out coolness brings up this score dramaticaly . The big meltdown of the 5th star was the horrible auto camera angles . You have no control and sometimes it looks behind you , therefore you have a pretty good chance of bringing pac-man 's doom if you move forward . You then must start the whole dang level over . That is very annoying and slows your progress down.The gameplay is easy . Some levels regretably are almost unbeatable , but hey , what 's a game without some challange ? You 'll love rolling pac-man around trying to beat a level or acting stupidly . This section I have no complaints.The graphics are amazing . I have never experienced a choppy place in the game and I never hope to . Do n't worry , it IS a 3-D game . You 'll never have to think twice about this aspect of the game.Sound is pointless to explain . Who cares ? If you do n't like music , turn the sound off!Here 's my overview : Graphics :10 / 10Nothing is wrong!Camera
 PacMan is back , and better than ever ! In World 2 you start at the Pacvillage , and then battle our way through six different worlds , each having a few different levels , with a boss -LRB- one of the ghosts -RRB- at the end . After defeating each boss you get a golden fruit . You must collect all the golden fruits to win . In the levels you break crates , go under water , and jump ditches , all the while collecting health wedges , lives , coins -LRB- which unlock games in the arcade -RRB- and regular fruits . It is very entertaining and fun for all ages . Also , back at the Pacvillage there is an arcade which you can go back to anytime you want and play classic games like the original PacMan , Mrs. PacMan , PacAttack , etc. . Overall very fun . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 This Christmas we got a GameCube , and several games ... Pac-Man World 2 was an impulse buy from the $ 20 rack at Wal-Mart . Boy , was I glad I picked it up ! It almost instantly became our favorite of the 3-4 games we 've started out with . We 've had a great time playing , and although from time to time we will get stuck on a particular screen -LRB- I must have played the end of the ice skating screen ... the part where you start by going into a cave mouth complete with fangs and finish with a long jump over a bottomless canyon ... I must have played it 50 times before I made it over the canyon ! -RRB- but I 've never gotten fatigued trying to get past or through something . Maybe , as a few other reviewers have said , it IS a little on the easy side ... I would definitely not say there 's no challenge at all , but for people who are n't hard-core gamers it could be just what you 're looking for . Fun stuff to do , nothing truly frustrating -LRB- some of the boss levels were tricky , but never seemed impossible -RRB- , and the chance to play classic maze Pac-Man on your GameCube!This is an excellent first GameCube game . Even my 3-year-old likes to go to the pond level and swim around , or go to the Pac-Village and jump on roofs for a while !
 This is the football game to play with friends and neighbors , since it only takes 5 minutes to learn the controls , yet there 's still plenty of depth -LRB- and you can always handicap things by letting newcomers play with stronger teams -RRB- . Purists beware
 This game is a bone-crunching , finger jamming power trip . If you have played this game before you know what I am talking about . If you have n't then you should . Once you start you wo n't be able to stop . It is nothing like other typical football game like Nfl Gameday . Blitz takes out all the rules of normal football . It is 3 times as long to get a fist down , there is after the whistle hitting , the tackles are unbelievable . If you like football you will love this game .
 I have this video game for the Playstation . I give it a 4 instead of a 5 because -LRB- this is just a personal thing -RRB- I do n't like football that much . But if your a football fan I reccomend this game to you . You can chouse from any of the NFL football teams and play a single game or play a season and try to make it to the Super Boul .
 This is the best video game ever created that is out there . Even if you hate football you will like this . If you own SONY PLAYSTATION and do n't own NFL BLITZ go get this game NOW .
 If you dont have it I fell sorry for you.The graphics are the best there ever were.The QB 's arms are better than you could image or imagen .
 This game , NFL Blitz , is the best football game . Even though this game is n't like the tradtional game like 10 yards to a first down , it is really fun . It does n't get boring because you do n't have to wait for anything . It 's very fast-moving .
 Word of warning to any football fan
 If you do n't have this game , get it right now .
 Blitz is a really good game it gives you a good amount of plays to do and the new ones are to complicated this has good graphics you can jump on people after the play is over thats fun you can use turbo when you press R1 all the peopl , e i 've talked to that have owned the game say it 's the best game that is in football if your purchasing it on amazon.com it 's a really good price of only -LSB- amt -RSB- .
 I really like this game it is fast and furious gameplay with good graphics for the ps1I have 2003 for the ps2 but i do n't know this one just seems to have more of that fun arcade feel .
 If you 're considering buying NFL Blitz for original Playstation , I assume you know what you 're getting yourself into -LRB- a brutally , offensively , absurdly 7-on-7 violent rumpus called a football video game -RRB- . If you embrace the awesomeness that is NFL Blitz , as anyone who has been a 7-year-old boy is almost certain to , the only advice I have to give is be careful about how little you pay for the game . While no one wants to pay over $ 20 for a video game from the last century , you may find the absurdly low priced ones are too scratched to function . I bought one for college that was 5-7 dollars -LRB- I think -RRB- and it stopped working after a semester . I got well over the value that I payed for in that time , but I 'd just caution any buyers not to expect a 75 cent copy to last a lifetime.Happy Blitzing , and remember
 Blitz is that fast action quick football fix that football gamers love to play , next up from playing tecmo bowl back in the late 80 's !
 I got this game for a prsent from my cousin back in '97 and until recently when my ESPN game was broken i had no other football game and i was aching for one to play , so im digging around my old ps1 games and i dust off blitz after probaly 5 years and man now i remeber why i was up into the wee hours of the night playing this game . Even for ps1 this game is probably the best football game ever next to 2001 . Pro was a dissapointment but dang i 'm hooked to the original Blitz again and i sure ca n't wait for blitz the league . I was extremely shocked to see it was MATURE ?!
 This game is a game for people who do n't like football games . And if you do like regular style football games , you will enjoy the change . Give it a try , you ca n't beat the price !
 Getting this game , I was not sure if i would enjoy the arcade style of football , with the 30 yard 1st downs and no rules . However , when i finally bought the game , I found that you get used to the arcade style , and it turns out being one of the best football games ever made . I highly recommend this game for parties and for just playing around . Great game .
 After you finish the play , you can jump on top of each other
 my husband is VERY satisfied , 100 % thank you so much , we did n't expect it so soon but it got here quick
 Williams made games for hard-core arcade gamers and this collection proves it . Setting aside `` Bubbles '' , a misguided effort to be cute , the collection is 2-D , testosterone-driven mayhem , with titles that gamers of that era still revere
 Oh boy , this has got to be the one of the coolest cd 's I 've ever bought for my playstation console ! All the awesome games I used to love playing at the local arcades right here in my living room , without dropping 300 quarters a week . :-RRB- I forgot just how much fun I used to have playing these games.This cd features ROBOTRON , JOUST , DEFENDER 1 , DEFENDER 2 , SINISTAR , AND BUBBLE BOBBLE , all perfectly emulated ! Even the original `` bugs '' , original sounds , etc. . . they 're all there ! `` Arcades Greatest Hits '' is surely an appropriate title ! You should also check out `` Arcades Greatest Hits 2 '' which features MORE incredible retro 80 's games we all still love.Conclusion
 I purcahesed Sony Playstation for the sole reason of buying this CD . Williams Arcade 's Greatest Hits is the only CD I own and 2084 is the only game I play . I started playing 2084 back in 1982 and it is still the most challenging game ever created ! Warning ... You may end up breaking things in frustration . I have destroyed several controllers so far .
 Joust is addictive . Even if you do n't like the other games , you will definitely love Joust . -LRB- Your thumb will probably get really sore from flapping those Ostrich wings , though ! -RRB- Defender is excellent as well . It 's also cool how you can go from one game to the other so smoothly . I 've seen other collections that you would have to reset the game to play a different game and this one is easy as pie to switch to something else .
 IF YOUR INTO OLD SCHOOL GAMES THEN THIS IS A GREAT BUY . WE LOVE IT AND ENJOY THE GAMES OFFERED !
 Yes , I bought this game for Sinistar and Sinistar only . Though I was pleasently surprised when I played some of the other titles . This is my review of all of the games and emulations.Sinistar
 I love this old arcade games . I remember when young playing Defender and Robotron , and this disk faithfullyreproduces this games . The only diference is that ussing the dualshock controler makes it more dificult than ussing the controlers on the arcade machines .
 Received the game in condition as listed on website and faster than originally stated . No problems whatsoever with company or product . Will use again if need be !
 This disc is perfect ! I mainly bought it for the game robotron but the graphics are superb . I bought a similar disc and it just was n't the same , close but not as close as this one ! Now I do n't have to waste quarters on that game Defender -LRB- I used to hate that game -RRB- . Sure it 's different than using the joystick and fire button but what do you expect !?
 My family and I just got Area 51 for Playstation and we are very happy customers ! To make the game a truly awesome experience , it pays to get a gun . We bought Interact 's Lightblaster Gun , and it 's just like being in the arcade !
 Area 51 was definately one of my favorite arcade games . Now , here it is , a perfect port for the Playstation . Everything included in this is just as good if not better than the arcade version . Just make sure that you have a lightgun or two . I reccomend Namco 's GunCon which comes with Time Crisis and Point Blank 1 and 2 . All those games are great as well , so you cant lose .
 This game held down the top 5 in the arcades for over 10 months . That is a pretty amazing track record and this game completely emulates the arcade game perfectly . The graphis are run of the mill but the game is incredibly fast . However , if you do not own a lightgun -LRB- Namco GunCON -RRB- or some other type of lightgun then you shouldnt buy it . No gun = no fun!The GUNCON from NAMCO is the best choice b/c it is the most accurate and durable ... get this game if you have a gun.Also recommended
 Although this is a great game , that 's extremely fun , you can only play it once . The graphics are ahead of their time -LRB- not now , but they were -RRB- , and when you use a lightgun it 's a party . But , you end up doing the same thing over and over again . It 's like you die , then just play again , so you can die again then repeat . It sort of gets old after a while . If you can get it for a bargain I 'd say go for it , but if it 's too expensive do n't get it , because the time you 'll play it wo n't be worth the money.Graphics
 This game is alot of fun and you dont have to spend 50 cents on it everytime you die . This game is a good action shoot em up gameYou can use a Guncon light Gun with this game too which is more fun
 Great game , but do n't order from nielsensart.com . We did and it took over a week for them to even let us know they did n't have it . Then they said they would ` compensate ' us by refunding our money !
 This game is perfect for old fan of the arcade or pople just starting to enjoy the game . I do have to mention on main piont though , you can play it withought a gun witought much trouble , but if you want he full arcade fealing that you blowing away alien scum with uns of ammo , then buy a gun , I suggest that you also get codes to figure ou how tto get to secret levels
 I think that area 51 is the best shooter for playstation . I have a light gun -LRB- desert eagle-guncom -RRB- and it is the greatest game ever -LRB- with the gun -RRB- . It is much more fun with a light gun .
 I spent a fortune in quarters playing this at the movie theaters ... now I 'm saving money with it on my playstation . It 's every bit as fun as the arcade version . I have relatively inexpensive guns , and it 's still a blast . The graphics are good , and the action is fast paced . I have about 2 dozen games for my playstation , and this one 's always a favorite . Of the shooter games ... this is the best .
 This is the best game I have ever seen or played . There is no limit to Area 51 ! I would never give this game up.I have not had this game very long but I love it.There is nothing more about this game I can talk about but I love it .
 AREA 51 is a cool game just like the arcade . but it is only compatible with a few guns . and if u dont have the correct gun it is not that great . so before u get the game make sure u have the right gun .
 I love Area 51 it is the best game ever made its really fun!I bought the Nyko Super Cobra and you should start with it to !
 I have n't played the game yet , but the CD did n't have any scratches on it , but a ton of fingerprints ... . Speedy delivery service too !
 This game is the original Area 51 game , the one the PS2 & PS3 versions are based on . I love playing this game because whodoes n't love shooting mutated humans and creatures from another planet . I recomend this game to anyone .
 This is the most unsung game of all time imo . For some reason , it gets trashed for being hard and eating up quarters . In the same breath , someone will defend a game like Pac Man or Battlezone based on those 2 reasons I just mentioned . Why is it not ok for Area 51 to have 2 similarities with other arcade games?I wore this game out for a week straight on my senior trip in an arcade . It was a skiing trip but I 'm a handicap so that did n't go to well with me -LRB- I did try though but quit when I ended up laying in a pool of my own blood ... stupid skis -RRB- This is what got me back into video games . I saw Atari written on the machine and did n't get my hopes up . Before long though , I was in love . It 'd been a loooong time since I 'd seen a game with all of the things I loved most about the games I used to play -LRB- Double Dragon , Ninja Gaiden , Contra , etc -RRB- . There was definitely enough violence and ammo in this thing for me . Every game I 'd seen since my very shortlived Sega Genesis -LRB- which was shortlived after my NES thanks to highschool football ... yeah ... I 'm not that handicapped ;-RRB- and a drivers liscense -RRB- , was what they called these RPGs . It looked like those were nothing more than people walking around rooms and opening doors.Now , sentimental values aside , I think I can still justify complaining over this game 's lack of praise . The arcade game * could * be beaten with one , and definitely 2 guns -LRB- players -RRB- , imo . I honestly think that if I owned one of the machines , I could pull it off . Therefore , the ongoing quarter gobbling conspiracy holds no water . I have yet to prove that , of course , but maybe one day I 'll get a hold of a machine . The PS version is impossible imo . Believe me , I totally tried but could only succeed with the codes.It was still fun playing the PS game . It 's identical to the arcade game so what you have is a perfect port . I think it 's impossible to beat legit only because you 're adjusting the sights on your gun with your controller , before firing . That 's slows you up a bit when getting invaded heavily . Like I said though , I still enjoyed the heck out of this and reccomend both versions -LRB- these are the only 2 versions right ? -RRB- . At home , you obviously get to play it no stop for free . The comedy releif that you can uncover in the bonus levels is GOLDEN ! You 'll see how to activate all of that when you look up your codes to ultimately beat the game . However , if you do beat this game on you PS legit , let me know . You 'll have my respect !
 this was a great game that was almost exactly like the actaul game . this is a must have for all area 51 fans !
 I always hated having to pay 50 cents every time but now you just have to pay to buy it .
 Midway . Being an old-school gamer , that name sounds familiar . I think they did lots of arcade games . If so , then they have n't lost their knack for making great games . When I went to the arcade , this was the one game that I really liked to play . Now it 's home on Playstation , my favorite system . But what really makes this game stand out are several things
 This is my faviorte game to play on a boreing day . This is my faviorte game in the arcade . If you like shooter games this is a must have .
 I just got this game like half an hour ago and it 's great . But I beat it in less than half an hour . A great game just too short ... I reccomend it to kids over 12 'cause you can turn off the gore .
 This is the best video game on earth!It has a mix of action and adventure . Ailen lovers every where will love this game . All though it has an M -LSB- mature -RSB- rating it rocks the ps one ...
 an overall awesome game ! i like the super goal kicks too !
 I liked the gameplay and scoring . I also liked the physical play and all the teams .
 Finally it 's out . This game is basically Blitz but only for soccer fanatics . The game expoit tackles that would need to be censored on t.v. I game is fun to play , even for gamers that does n't soccer or does n't know soccer could play it . It 's all about fun and game . Well in game it 's fun game until someone gets hurt . That the Theme . You can perform massive slide tackles , jump kicks , elbows and any hard tackles you could think off in a soccer . The game contain power shots that could sent the goalie straight into the net . But the game get boring after a while . But overall it 's a fun game for everyone .
 This is a must get game , it is so awsome , or to tell u the truth i would reccomend getting both FIFA 2002 and this game , becuz they are both the greatest soccer games i have ever played . And it is definitely fun in multiplayer where u can play your friends and have fun kicking there butt -LRB- literally -RRB- in soccer . It is such Great fun . pleez get this game
 this game is the best one that i have played in a long time !
 Great Game ... buy it . Awesome graphics and gameplay . MIDWAY ROCKS.AL
 Does this game also have any Eastern European teams ?
 I REALLY THINK THAT MIDWAY SHOULD HAVE MADE RED CARD MORE BETTER IN GRAPHIC WAYS . THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN FIRES IN THE STANDS MADE BY THE FANS , ALSO THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THE FANS SEEABLE . IF MIDWAY WOULD HAVE TAKEN SOME TIME TO SEE A REAL SOCCER GAME ON TELEVISION , THEY WOULD HAVE FOUND OUT SOME REALISTIC PROBLEMS THAT THEY DID NOT ADD INTO THE GAME . I HOPE IN THE FUTURE , THEY ADD THE MISSING PIECES THEY FORGOT INTO THE NEXT SOCCER GAME THEY COME OUT WITH.SINCERELY , JOSE MUNOZ
 THIS GAME IS SOOOO COOL !!!! I STARTED OFF RENTING THIS GAME THEN I DECIDED TO BUY IT ! THIS GAME NEVER GETS OLD !!! THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT , THE GAMEPLAY IS GREAT AND ITS VERY FUN . THE RATINGS ARE LIKE THIS : GRAPHICS
 This is a great game . The graphics are little worse than FIFA but the game play is much better . The comentary is really good . Its not repetative like other sports games . The special kicks and power slides , headers , and turbos make this game really exciting . I love how unstrict the refs are . you can do almost anything and not get called . The fantasy teams are really cool . I hope to buy this game some day .
 This game is made by Midway , but it is n't another Blitz . This game is well-made , and the graphics are great . Red-Card is a great buy , but it is very limited . There are very few modes you can play -LRB- THERE IS NO SHOOTOUT ! -RRB- , but it is still a great buy .
 I 've got to admit , I did n't even like this game when I first got it home because it does n't hit you like Blitz . It took me a few hours to figure out the controls and the gameplay before I became addicted.It looks like a SIM , it sounds like a SIM but it plays more like Blitz - ONLY BETTER !! This game is TEN times faster than any other Soccer game on the market - and the referee strictness level lets you get away with anything ! Infact , if you ca n't cream the guy with ball your gon na LOSE . It 's got real players and stadiums like Blitz not that cartoony-baby-characters in Sega Soccer Slam.The key is once you 've got the controls down go into the options menu and turn up the difficulty level . The computer gets really good on the higher difficulty levels - and you have to pass and dodge and play smart in order to win you ca n't just run the ball down to the other side and shoot . The amateur mode is good for people that do n't really play soccer , but it 's a much more challenging on professional level.After playing Redcard , my FIFA 2002 and MLS Extra Time feel unbareably SLOW . Like all the guys are walking in mud - even after you turn up the game speed to max . And I also wanted to fly tackle everybody . The aggresive tackles and the boost button and the COMPLETELY BLIND REFEREE all combine for really fun gameplay.There 's a cool slow motion super kick you can do only when your boost bar is at maximum , but I think it 's mostly for show because most of the time the goalie catches it but sometimes it sends him tumbling into the back of the net . You burn boost by adding it to slide tackles and agressive tackles so the trick is to conserve it for when you really need it . BOOST is LIFE!If you like Blitz and you do n't know much about soccer this is wicked cool game to play because it 's NON-STOP ACTION - you do n't stop every five seconds and choose your play - your playing all the time . And if you like FIFA you 're gon na have to get this because it feels SOOOO GoooOOOD to do a karate flying kick to some hot-shot forward and watch him roll around in agony while you take the ball upfield and Score !!! By the way - be sure to switch the commetary to Spanish - I do n't know what they 're saying but it 's definately more exciting !
 This game is by far the best soccer game I 've ever played and is also one of the best sports games out today . The sounds and game options are great and its the kind of game a whole room full of people can get into .
 This is the best soccer game i every played , u can foul someone so hard the reff will just be like , what , what , what happen who got hurt . The only thing i think that the game should have is a practice shootout , pentally kicks , and cornors kicks . So u get to know the game better and know how to the mortal combat kicks . Buy the Game its the best !!! ... Buy it !!!
 ... I doubted this game the moment i saw it at the store , but i decided to give it a chance , seeing that it was made by Midway , ... . I came home and i was hooked on the game for a week ! And this is 3-4 hours of playing every day . Red Card 20-03 has the best gameplay of any soccer game . It 's fast , the slowmotion camera shots are great and it 's very fun to play against friends as no extra skills are necessary to win . ... BR > The best are the special moves and tackles , which can , in fact , hurt the referee.I believe this game is very addictive and very fun at that . I recommend to those people getting bored of soccer games , this will get you right back on track !
 In a nutshell , this game is a cross between EA Sports ' FIFA soccer series and NBA Street . The flow of the game and the controls are similar to the FIFA series , pretty easy to learn . The slant on this game is the relaxed rules , where almost anything goes unpunished . Built into the controls are flying kicks , head butts , and take downs . On the offense side are Matrix-like goal shots . The game has just the right mixture of arcade and simulation to be enjoyable both in 1 player and 2 player modes .
 We got this game for our son when he was four years old . He wanted to play with his cousin who was ten . This was is a good starter game for a child who had never used Playstation before . Rampage was easy enough for him to learn without getting frustrated . The repetition helped him learn the controls , the `` lives '' are unlimited and the graphics kept him interested . Now that he is six he still enjoys the game and he now has the dexterity to play more intricate games .
 For the first 20 levels the game is better fun . All you do is destory buildings and eat people . Its a good game to play with a friend . The bad part is the game has over 150 levels . So that can get boring if you do n't have a menory card .
 this game is cool dude . you get to demolis buldings eat food even eat people . but before you get this game you should get permission from your parents . the three monsters you choose from is george lizzy and roulf . george is a gient gerilla lizzy is like a big dino monster and roulf is the hugest rodent . a think you would like this game .
 In this game you get to eat people . Trasha destroy major cities like new york . One of those few games you can beta with out using the cheats . I own this for playstation . Have not played it for a while.Might play it a while since I will make progress on it then i did on Kingdoom of hearts . If you enjoy this game I recomend Rampage 2 Universal tour and Rampage Warp through time
 Rampage rulez . You can juz go around smashing things . Unlimited livezz so all you have to is sit back and relax as you smash things .
 This game is cool . I use to play it as a kid . It was awesome then . There really are n't any other games like it . Fun and mindless entertainment .
 My youngest likes some of the retro titles for the PS2 and Rampage is one of his favorites . We had a copy that would n't play anymore so I started searching and found a great copy ! He loved getting this for his birthday .
 I purchased this for my sons & I.I previously owned this game when I was a teenager when it came out and loved it then & love it now -LRB- Unfortunately , the copy I owned before was ruined in a move so I had to get another one -RRB- . We are very pleased with the copy we bought from Amazon.My sons who are 5 & 10 love this game & I love to play it with them.The game arrived in great condition.Personal note : If there are people out there who do not like this game theyre either too young or just like the others better than this version.I love in World Tour that you can eat the nuclear waste and turn into the flying purple demon bat . . thats just awesome !
 This is one of my favorite classic arcade games , what more could you ask for than infinite lives , smashing everything in site & eat everything you see ! So much fun ! I recommend it especially for getting rid of unwanted anger & frustration . It 's the best & safest stress reliever you could have : -RRB-
 I stayed up all night playing it nonstop . I thought it was the best armymen .
 I am a 32 yr . old who enjoyed the original in 1983 . Spy Hunter was my favorite arcade game of all time , so I loved this vastly improved XBOX version . The car is actually easy to drive , which is refreshing compared with other home games . Nice compromise between realism and simple fun . The qualifying course is imaginative and very entertaining . Unlike some other reviewers with limited attention spans , I enjoyed the fact that you can not progress to other levels before completing the qualifying course . This quality is something that is missing from some modern games . The qualifying stage is alone worth the $ ... bucks for the game .
 To access the original Spy Hunter , type `` OGSPY '' for your player name in the player entry screen . The original is the biggest reason that I got this , and it is still a lot of fun , once I got used to the controls.The original game always freezes up on my X-Box after playing it for 15-30 minutes , and it does not save high scores.The new game is a very mediocre mix between a driving game and a shooter . You have to re-try the levels over and over until you get them perfect , including each of the sub-missions , which can get to be repetitive and monotonous . I wish they would re-make Autoduel .
 Although some people think it is n't , Spy Hunter for Xbox is a great game . As the title suggests , Spy Hunter is very much like a james bond car chase w/o james bond . Actually , it 's so like a james bond car chase that the third level , venice , looks and feels just like the venice car chase in `` Moonraker '' . Spy hunter is a combat driving game . You drive along the endless highway guns a blazin ' killing enemies . If you inflict too much damage , you will automatically turn into a motorcycle , or , if in the water , a high-speed jet ski -LRB- a.k.a. speederboat -RRB- . You could also go into the weapons van to get full ammo and health . Now , killing enemies is not the only thing you do in each level . You also have objectives , such as `` defuse the bombs '' , `` destroy the comms-towers '' , or `` activate the satcoms '' . You get a wide array of weapons . You get :9 mm Machineguns15mm machineguns25mm machinegunsunguided rocketsguided rocketsoil slickflame throwersmoke screenemp launcherrail gunThese are the guns you get to dispatch enemies . Oh , and the machineguns sound SO COOL ! Each machinegun 9mm , 15mm , and 25mm , has a totally different sound , and each one is better than the last . They 're awsome ! -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- Graphics
 This game totally rocks . The graphics are a little worse that the other xbox titles out there , but it is way more fun . You also get the original game which is classic old school.This is for sure the best driving game on xbox even though it is a little short .
 Well this game has made a earlyer approch on the PS2 this year , now they are putting it out for XBOX and GameCube . There is n't going to be much changes from the orignall PS2 version.Well this game provides lots of action with its very high number of manuvers and weapons u can do . The graphics are pretty good . But , the game has one big flaw and that is its TO SHORT and can be extremely easy at certain times . I reccamend when it comes out on XBOX to go out and rent it . You 'll love the action and be crying for more when your done .
 Although this game has not came out for XBOX I have played it on Playstation 2 . I can and will tell you some things about this game . The graphics are good but not great , the missions are fun unlike wreckless , you get to use a varity of weapons as you progress through the game , but what bothers me is that you can redo a mission over and over again completing sub missions untill you beat it . You should have to do it all in one to make it more challenging . When you shoot foot troops they break like playdo which gets very annoying after a while . Not to mention that you can transform to different vehicles such as a boat a motorcycle and more . I reccomend this game to everyone .
 This game is one of the best car games i ever had . It is a very fun game I deffinetley recomend it it has awsome graphics too ! You can play the levels over and over again and you can turn into a boat ! Its awsome .
 I really love this game . The carerre mode is great . It seems a lot more genorous . I 'll tell you , the hardest thing , when your a pitcher , I had trouble getting 20 wins . I had 19 win seasons , but no 20 win seasons . No hall of fame though . I love this game ! Rex Hudler is funny .
 MLB 2006
 This is my first review for a game and this also was my first experience playing any of the MLB titles . Regardless I own both the new MVP NCAA baseball game and rented this one . Needless to say after renting this game I fell in love with it & I plan on picking it up tonight . The career mode is amazing and will keep you coming back for more . The play-by-play is the best I 've heard in a sports title , as the 3 man booth makes it sound like you are watching a real game . Also do n't forget about the amazing cutscenes -LRB- ie . a closeup of the pitcher watching the double play and pounding is fist in approval or the batter showing his disapproval of a blown call by the umpire . -RRB- I recommend this game to anyone and can assure you if you give it an honest shot - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I could go on and on about all the good things this game has , but I will just list a few problems that prevent me from giving it 5 stars .1 -RRB- There are no bloop base hits , everything to the outfield is either a line drive or a can-o-corn fly out .2 -RRB- Diving is pretty much useless , the player seems to flop on the ground rather than extend at all .3 -RRB- Not a lot of in-game injuries , they only seem to occur when you simulate a season game .4 -RRB- Sometimes it 's too easy to throw a strike when you have to , even when a pitcher is tired and wild , you can usually get it over the plate w / 3 ball counts.Overall , this is a great baseball game though . Very realistic statistics and the computer can play you tough and actually strike you out . Nothing is too easy or too difficult .
 I bought The Show as soon as I could after it came out . After buying MLB 06 last year on a whim , I fell in love with the gameplay and graphics of this game . It was vastly better than any of the other games released last year.The main problem I had with last year 's edition was that the game tended to freeze up at key points , like when I was simulating a week or two of games , and I was afraid that the malfunction would be present in The Show as well.Thankfully , it had not frozen up on me once so far.I agree with the other reviewers that the commentary and gameplay is highly realistic . If you want in depth control of the baseball experience , great graphics , and the feel of watching/playing in a real game , then The Show is for you .
 Addictive . It 's about time David Ortiz get 's some recognition . The Graphics are amazing , very detailed . Gameplay is really exciting . This game takes some time to perfect . If you play this online , it automatically updates your rosters with all the trades . Pitching and hitting is so realistic . Commentary is very good . I dont know how anyone can give this a bad review . New Era even gives you a coupon for a free baseball cap . Playing online makes the game that much better -LRB- real competition -RRB- . Overall , I 'd give this game a 4 1/2 .
 This is a very good game . I like the graphics there better than mvp 's . Mvp 's graphics looked a little cartoonish . Its a pretty hard game even on rookie ! So if you want to win a game you have to go to gamplay and make the CPU TO BE HORIBBLE . The rosters are completley updated . And the broadcasting is alright not like mlb 2k6 though . Its very hard to stop the pitching meter in the place because it moves to fast , there are also ALOT of pass balls even on good catchers like mike piazza . Its very realisctic that the umpires somethimes call bad calls . There are not a lot of glicthes . I was VERY disspointed that you could n't argue so thats a downgrade from mvp . I like this game bettter than mlb 2k6 . But if you really want to get a good buy i recommand renting it first .
 MLB 06
 This is the most realistic baseball i have ever played . The hitting is superb and more difficult and realistic than ever as unlike last year 's game when you guess the right pitch it no longer tells you location you still have to read the pitch.Pitching though can be infuriating as the umpires are very inconsistent but generally the calls are evened out.The soundtrack is great , better than ever.Finally the presentations are tv like , i was watching a ball game the other night and then played MLB 06 and i was very pleased as it was just like espn coverage . the commentary is nothing short of amazing , 3 commentators mean that every pitch and angle are covered , e.g. it told me when i hit A-Rod 's 600th home run -LRB- there were even fireworks -RRB- In short this game at least in my opinion is the best baseball game around , but do n't ask me buy it yourself and find out .
 This game is good , I guess the best ever . This game never freezes like 989 's game . Also the game is relistic in most AAA and MLB players . It has a lineup that is up to date -LRB- when the game was made -RRB- . The graphis and ballparks are good and relistic.The NYY seem like the best team , but they have no speed in the game . The Red Sox are the best.The Bad-does not have the world baseball classicyou will be mad with bad calles by umpsyou will be mad at unrelistic playsthe pitching meter is wicked tough , go with classicin modes you have to play 9 innings -LRB- in some modes you can sim to your at bats -RRB- This game overall will be a awsome game with awsome graphics , though it can be tough and unrelistic . It is a great game and THE SHOW should be better than MVP next time MVP comes out .
 It is a great game . The rosters are updated really good . Except it does n't have my favorite baseball player Barry Bonds . There is a lot of new gane modes like Rivalry Mode . I like Franchise mode a lot it 's fun.I thought MLB 2K6 would be better but it 's not I rated it 5 stars to . I think you should get MLB 06 THE SHOW if you like really realistic games but get MLB 2K6 if you like kind of realistic games but is real easy .
 Arrived quickly . Package and game was NEW . Like it better than EA Sports MLB 05 . Would recommend it to anyone who likes a challenge .
 MLB :06 The Show is the first game under The Show series of baseball games . It was a first party game developed by SCE San Diego Studio , for the PlayStation 2 and PSP.Sound
 The game is pretty realistic to the real world of Baseball . Especially you can use and trade players as needed .
 I think the game from 2005 was better -LRB- MLB06 - Not `` The Show '' Version -RRB- . This seems to be exactly the same except the players are dumber -LRB- they 'll slow down before jumping to catch home runs , they did n't do stupid stuff like that in MLB06 -RRB- , the scoreboards are uglier -LRB- the layouts looked sharper before -RRB- , they have a stupid mini game feature on the side , and finally , a positive , the players were updated for the 2006 season -LRB- which is n't that much of an improvement -RRB- . I rated it high though , because this is the best baseball game that was released in 2006 .
 Great MLB game for the ps2 . Easy to pitch , field , steal , and bat . Has a ton of different modes of play . A lot of editors have given MLB 06 The Show a better rating than MLB 07 . Do the research it 's a great game .
 Ok when i first bought this i thought it kind of sucked and i glitched the hell out of it . I had Kyle Davies up pitching and it was tied 6-6 bases empty but i thought it would be fun to hit some batters , so i beaned like 12 batters in the head with 98 MPH fastballs ... do they get hurt ... nooooooooooooooo ... . so i got the next three guys out , no more runs score , then it goes to the bullpen and it says `` v. Padella has been ejected from the game plz replace him '' and so i 'm like ... ok must be for next inning , so i select a replacement and then he is out on the mound and i 'm pitching again down 21-6 . I dunno ... maybe i ca n't do my math but how does 12 guys hit equal 15 runs?My only real problem besides that is SB ... it 's just too complicated to me cause every time i try to steal , using L2 , the runner ends up stopping cause L2 is also the command for a runner to hold , which was n't a very smart choice in my opinion.But now i mainly just sim through career mode , though it gets annoying to be a max stat guy , age 29 , and still only playing some 140 games a year at first base . Also , if you deny a contract after spring training ... you do n't ever get offered one again ... i simmed through a month as a FA and never got offered a contract even though i was a max rated guy and the only max rated guy out in FA . But yea ... it 's a pretty fun game for simming though , now i 've only played career mode but yea ... its fun !
 Great graphics . Great cutscenes . Great commentary -LRB- more in depth than Espn 's 2K5 stellar offering -RRB- . Great soundtrack . This game has it all . I 've been an MVP fab for the past few years but this blows it away .
 I played this game over at a friend of mines house and I got ta tell you it is THE best MLB game I have ever played . The graphics look so cool and the overall game play is down right awsome . I love being able to play as people in the minor leages , my cousin plays for the Cougars but yet their not on here -LRB- strange -RRB- unless I did not go the the menu for the minor league teams -LRB- I just played MLB style -RRB- . This is a little improvement from last year 's game -LRB- which was perfect as well -RRB- . I am defenitly getting this game .
 This was a solid game one of the best in fact . Most MVP fans might have trouble learning the controls but I played MVP a lot and I thought it was no challenge . MVP 2005 was an excellant game but this is right up there with it.PS - People say this game freezes and it has for me . Once I won a game 13-2 and while loading it froze . I replayed and won 19-0 .
 MLB 06 '
 This game is excellent 2006 Baseball game !!! The pitching is easy ! The gameplay is awsom ! This game just Rocks Rocks !!!
 i gave 2k6 3 stars , and the show is definatly better.the graphics and the gameplay were not as good as 2k6 , and it is impsossible to hit in the show , but the rosters are way more accurate in the show.many of the players in the show just were n't in 2k6 . for the overall package , i 'd give the show the nod .
 MLB 06
 I 've been playing this game for about 3 weeks now . In previous years I was loyal to the EA Sports version until they lost their contract with MLB this year.The Show 2006 is a very worthy competitor . Better in many ways and not as good in a couple of others.PROS : - Graphics are good ; no better or worst than EA Sports as far as I can tell ; - Love how the pitching works , and how pitchers will lose confidence . In a tight game you can really `` feel '' when a pitcher is starting to lose it . Forces you to manage the bullpen , etc. which I like . - The `` Guess Pitch '' feature when batting is just outstanding . Allows you to sit on a fastball -LRB- if you so choose -RRB- . - Gameplay is smooth . - Settings are very customizable . For example , by default the game is set with a lot of cut scenes between pitches . A replay , the runner standing on first , etc. . This makes for great realism but it really slows down the gameplay -LRB- I mean , if I want to watch a baseball game I 'll just turn on the TV , otherwise I just want to play the game -RRB- . The great thing about The Show though is that you can turn all this stuff off , which makes for a much quicker transition between pitches/batters . - Franchise mode is very in-depth , much more so than MVP , particularly on the financial side . You can set up advertisements , take a loan from a bank , etc. . Some will like this , others will think it 's too much to manage . Again you can customize this to your liking -LRB- e.g. have the computer run the financials -RRB- . - Sony updates the MLB rosters weekly , which you can download via online mode . Much better than EA Sports.CONS : There are several areas that can be improved : - The announcers voices lag behind the gameplay . Not a huge deal to where it detracts from the fun of the game , but definitely a little annoying after awhile . A company like Sony should be able to clean this up . - Lack of variety by the announcers . Again , not a huge deal , just a little annoying . For example , every time Willie Taveras comes up to bat the color commentary is `` and you can see by his numbers that he 's swinging the bat a lot better at home '' . Every single time . - Trading players in Franchise Mode is a complete joke . This is a big one for me . As an Astros fan I like to take the team in Franchise mode and `` tinker '' with the roster a bit . First of all , the computer wo n't allow you to trade multiple players for a single player -LRB- for example , a 3-for-1 deal -RRB- . This happens ALL THE TIME in baseball , but not in The Show . In The Show , the computer says `` unable to make trade as the Yankees do n't have roster space '' , meaning that they already have 25 players assigned to their roster and so ca n't take on two more players while giving up only one , as it would give them 26 players on the roster . This is ridiculous ; obviously a player should just be pushed down into the minors . This is how MLB handled it.The stupidity does n't stop here though . Assuming you do find a team willing to trade , the AI is just awful . For example , in April/May during my season , just to test the system I offered Morgan Ensberg , Roy Oswalt , and Brad Lidge to Tampa Bay for Carl Crawford and two scrubs from AAA . Tampa Bay was n't interested . HOWEVER , once the trading deadline came around in July I was able to trade a 28 year old AA pitcher for Crawford . I made similar types of trades to acquire Joe Mauer and Dontrelle Willis.For me this is a really big negative of the game as I love the franchise mode . EA Sports was far superior in this category , and Sony has a lot of work to improve the AI here . - This is very nitpicky , but I personally do n't like the swirling baseball graphic that appears on the field during a pop fly -LRB- the area to which you are to direct your fielder to catch the ball -RRB- . Would prefer something a little simpler . - I 've had a lot of trouble with effective baserunning . Not very intuitive for controlling manually . And when you set it to allow the computer to handle baserunning , every now and then you 'll see your fat , slow catcher -LRB- or whoever -RRB- trying to turn a single into a double . Not a huge deal , but sometimes annoying.In summary though , I can definitely recommend The Show as a very good game . The gameplay , particularly the pitching and hitting modes , is better than EA Sports in my opinion . The annoucers are not as good . The franchise mode is more in depth , with the exception of making trades as noted above.ADDENDUM
 Like many other MVP fans , I was very sad to hear that Take Two had bought exclusive 3rd party rights to MLB games this year -LRB- which essentially all this agreement did was eliminate EA 's MVP game for the next seven years -RRB- . Well since Take Two 's 2K baseball series is widely known to be horrible , I was worried what I would do for a baseball game the next 7 years . I was almost to the point of keeping MVP 2005 for 7 years and updating the rosters . But knowing this was very time consuming and would quickly get to the point of having an outdated game , I looked at the options . Fortunately , us Playstation2 owners do n't have to buy the Take Two game because the agreement still allows Sony to make this game . Luckily , I played this game at a friend 's house and immediately feel in love with . I played 3 games with him , then went to the store to buy it myself . It 's so addicting , and such a baseball simulation it 's ridiculous . You feel like you are an at actual baseball park controlling the players . The graphics are amazing -LRB- players actually look like themselves unlike in MVP where everyone was fat or skinny , Derek Lee is not 400 pounds on this game like he appeared to be in MVP -RRB- and the faces are the best I have seen in a baseball game . The stadiums are beautifully done as well , and for you Cardinals fans , the new Busch Stadium IS in the game , and Sony did a fantastic job recreating it and the skyline behind . The commentary is the best I have ever heard in a baseball game also , you almost feel like the guys are sitting there watching you play , it 's scary sometimes . The presentation is GREAT and is just like a television baseball game . The game plays wonderfully too , you get realistic outcomes , and it 's a challenge . Pitching makes you think
 In this game there are many new features and the awsome classic ones . In career mode you will start in AA with real teams and stadiums . You have to play 9 innings in career and franchise , but you can change it for regular quck games when you play your friends . You can though , just do your at bats . The graphics are awsome the best yet . Also the rosters are good -LRB- about evertthing before the game came out -RRB- . You can use the eyetoy in some modes too . This game may not have the world baseball clasic but is better than 2k6 . This game does feature the red sox and Big Papi , but yankee fans will still like it with Damon and the NYY are the best team in the game . This does also have new rival mode where rivals play each other . You can also play online.The game is fun and a great game !
 This review contains a laundry list of the known bugs and problems with MLB 06
 If you are a fan of baseball , this is the game for you . Do n't expect an arcade experience , this is REAL baseball . Great presentation and great graphics as well -LRB- the best looking MLB game ever to hit the console market -RRB- . If you are a former MVP player like me , this game reminds a lot of MVP but with better presentation and atmosphere so MVPers should enjoy this one . The pitch meter which MVP made famous is also on this game . There are 1000 different individual batting and pitching motions , you would not believe how many players that Sony motioned capped to get their exact correct stances . Very impressive . There 's so many `` little things '' that help make this game great
 pretty good graphics and great gameplay give this game 4 stars overall . The only problem with gameplay is that there is a cut off every time you through from the outfield . The game has great features though , like the career mode where you create yourself , someone else , or just someone you just plain made up.They usally start in triple A but you can train and get better . You can ask for a trade , complain , or asked to be called up . Sometimes they call you up on their own though . Dynasty mode can be hard with budgets however though , but i 've always had a hard time with budgets , so if you understand budgets ignore this part . However , if you smack the ps2 with a baseball bat though over budgets do n't get this game . I dont like budgets but i can tolerate them so its all good to me . Whatever you do though do n't get mlb 2k6 its got bad graphics and the gameplay is confusing . I hope this reveiw helps .
 I just got this game today and I 've only played it for awhile , but it looks really great , plays really great , and has a lot of cool features that make me think I 'm really going to enjoy it for quite some time . You can play the standard `` franchise '' mode that all games have - or you can create a player from scratch and he has to earn a roster spot , gaining in abilities as you complete certain tasks during spring training and during the season . It 's nice to see some of these game makers try something fresh and creative . The game is easy to get around in , the settings are easy to use , and the gameplay so far seems pretty super . The look of the thing is another thing that makes this game stand above the rest . I 'll play it more and see if I still feel great about it , but so far I 'm really impressed .
 This game has great graphics for Ps2 . The franchise mode is deep and fun . There were glitches . Whenever a pop fly was hit over his head -LRB- either by a little or a lot -RRB- they would run to it take a couple steps to a different side than the ball side and go back over and dive and make this amazing chatch without even looking with his glove strethced out at torso level . What is up with That ?
 If theres a better baseball game out there I dont know what it is . MLB 06 The Show is by far the greatest baseball game ive ever played . Almost every aspect of the game is perfect except for maybe player ratings , which was also a problem in lat year 's edition . But you can always adjust them its not very hard . The graphics are great and gameplay is perfect . Seriously , if you are a baseball maniac , like I am , buy this game .
 MLB 2006
 I have always played mvp from EA sports but when I found out they were not going to have it this year I had to find a new mlb game and this is definately the one . Awesome career , franchise and so many different options in the game you can play the game however you want . Awesome game have to try it to believe it .
 This is THE best PS2 baseball game I 've ever played . The graphics are great considering the 6 year old PS2 platform , the Game Play is Great , The career mode is fantastic , the extras are great ... . this is just an all around TERRIFIC game . Anyone that tells you otherwise is lying.By the way , my 6 year old PS2 never had any problems playing this game , even after multiple 10 HR . plus sessions , it never just quit . Maybe Chris Kennison needs to take his PS2 in for service .
 I just got this game today , and as soon as I got into my first game , I got bored . Simple as that . I was just thinking why the hell I just spent forty dollars on this game . The game is really slow paced , I find the commentary voices a little annoying , and the soundtrack for the most part is not very good . But after playing a game or so , it did get a little better . Here is my stack.Graphics
 Great Game , and I am picky . Much better than MLB 06 . Here are the only negatives :1 -RRB- ca n't create a player in franchise mode ? only in career mode .2 -RRB- A little too hard to hit homers . . I had my guy at full strength in average and power and still it was very challenging to hit homers - I think I averaged 1 in every 5 at bats with the power and contact cranked to the max and on rookie level
 This game is by far the best baseball video game to hit stores in 2006 . The best game feature in this game is career mode . In this mode you get to create your player and guide him through his journey to his ultimate goal ; making it to `` The Show . '' The worst part of career mode is having to start at like the AA level and taking too long to make it to the show , but by the time you make it to the show it is worth it . But if you are one of those guys who just want to get to the show in about 2 minor league seasons have your career set to rookie mode . I was really disapointed when I heard that EA Sports was n't coming out with a MLB game this year so I bought their college game and after I bought 06 The Show , NCAA 06 has been collecting dust in my basement . This game blew away all of its competition and has my vote 100 percent .
 It is a good port of the PC version and I guess the only drawback would be the password system within the game since you ca n't save your progress through your memory card but I do n't mind it too much
 Game arrived quickly and works great . Love the doom series , been playing it for years , and will continue to play it .
 I have to admit , despite not being a fan of the first person genre , I love Doom . There is something about the exploits of a lonely space marine single-handedly taking on the forces of hell that draws me in and refuses to let go . Still , as enjoyable as Doom and Doom II were , these games generally do n't deliver on the challenge front for a seasoned player . While some may consider that a drawback , it was a non-existent problem to me since challenge is n't the most important thing I look for in a game . However , for those that do , they can easily up the ante with Final Doom.To some , Final Doom for the PlayStation will never be anything more than a haphazard potluck . This port does n't contain every level from the two thirty-two level PC campaigns nor does it contain every level from the twenty-one level Master Levels expansion . In other words , out of pool of eighty-five possible levels , only thirty make an appearance here . So how does this affect the experience ? The answer depends on which episode one 's talking about and which levels made the cut.Things start out with The Master Levels where thirteen of the possible twenty-one levels make up the core of Final Doom . These levels are meant to test one 's mettle with relentless enemy attacks and complex level design , something they do quite well . Players will find a level like Vesperas is hard to tackle regardless of what difficulty level their playing on . Still , the real attraction of the master levels beyond the challenge is the fact the player can carry their status and weaponry from level to level . This is n't possible on the PC since the data for each level is its own file , something that was purposely done so each map would be considered its own separate entity by players . Final Doom on the PlayStation proves how unnecessary this was since each level still feels like a separate experience even though they follow one another.Next up is TNT Evilution , the first of the two Doom II follow-ups presented in the PC version of Final Doom . Taken as a whole , TNT Evilution is an excellent and balanced expansion that just ca n't make its case with the eleven levels presented here . It could have been better with a better selection of levels , but it 's just better to buy a copy of the Doom Collector 's Edition for the PC and play it in its entirety . Additionally , while I have nothing against the ambient score whipped up for the PlayStation versions of Doom , I just do n't have patience towards it when reflecting back on the wonderful midi-based soundtrack Team TNT created for the PC original.Last up is Plutonia with six levels . Cruel as it may sound , I 'm absolutely thrilled this episode got the short end of the stick . Take the challenge of the Master Levels , throw in every cheap shot and tactic in the book and you 've got Plutonia in a nutshell . Challenge quickly eclipses entertainment when it comes to levels like Congo , Ghost Town and Onslaught . That said , if you 're really serious about tackling the hardest levels Doom can throw at you , I 'd again suggest going the PC route so you can save your progress at will . Regardless , while the levels are still well designed at this point I have no problem billing Plutonia as Doom 's weakest and ugliest link.The shortcomings of its experiences aside , Final Doom is a worthy and refreshingly different follow-up to Doom . At it 's simplest level it may be more of the same , but those who immerse themselves in what it has to offer will find it contains a feel all it 's own . It 's not always fun , and some parts are of more value than others -LRB- The Master Levels being the main draw here -RRB- but those with a little patience will have little problem in adding this to their collection .
 Honestly , Final Doom , for the PC , was my least favorite . That 's not at all to say I did n't like it , but I preferred the other two . On the PlayStation , though , I really found myself getting into it . Even though it 's an awfully old game at this point , it 's honestly more fun than most modern games . Not all the levels are included , but you still get 30 , with some of Doom II 's Master Levels included . I liked those a lot . And since I liked Final Doom less than the first/Ultimate and II to begin with , I found fewer levels to be its own reward . If you 're playing on a PS3 , you can smooth out the graphics for an even more enjoyable experience visually . Highly recommended game .
 It is so awesome to play this game again . It 's one of the all time best shooters , and will probably remain that way . The only problem is getting used to the controls again . I 'm too used to having two analog sticks , and 14 buttons to press for shooters now . The only real hang up I had with the controls was straffing with the L and R buttons . Other than that it plays wonderful , and the old graphics still hold up . A great way to remember being a teenager . I 'd say this is a must have for any fans of shooters .
 Hey this game is great but the archville and spider mastermind are not in this one . but all the other monsters are there even the cyberdemon which is in the last level . the enemies are more plentiful and deadlier . Some are communist guys with a bad attitude others are straight from hell . it is more closed up unlike doom2 you are out in the open seeing sky here the majority of levels is inside a building where you can not see any sky and the majority of levels is very dark but it is a great buy !
 This game has Great graphics . This is a very long game . It takes time to get used to moving around in the game , but the game itself is a good one .
 The 2 new 32 level episodes for DooM 2 should not be bought for the pc.Why , you ask?For one , back when it was made , you had to pay 50 - 60 bucks for only 64 , when you could download more than 3 times that much levels off the internet.Like a growing athlete , it is time for Doom to say goodbye to the spotlight . -LRB- Buy this for PS if you do n't have a pc-wait ! Everyone has a PC ! -RRB-
 the gore is awsome duh but geese thats what makes the game fun . the aliens are awsome .
 Our hero
 PS1 owners looking for a great FPS experience should n't look any further than Final Doom which was released a few years back . It 's everything the original Doom was , only with new , bigger levels , a lot more enemies , and a lot tougher gameplay . The only gripes that can be found is that Archville and Spider-Mastermind were not included in this conversion , but the smooth frame rate , gorgeous -LRB- for its time -RRB- graphics , and challenging gameplay make Final Doom one of the best first person shooters for any system , and is a clear overlooked gem for the good ` ol PS1 .
 If you are a lawsuit happy whacko stay away from this one . It 's not for the family , unless you happen to be in the Manson family ! This game is a one player , 1st person shooter . There is a cable link option and if you are lucky enough to have two TVs , two game consols and two game CDs then you can have some real battles -LRB- same goes for the original DOOM -RRB- as you blast your way through violent , disguised communists or declare war on your playing partner . There are several levels and most get a little tougher as you finish each level . The music can be turned off to make the setting even more realistic . Lots of suprises and weapons keep this body count classic fresh . Nothing like a point blank double barrel shotgun blast to the face to really make you mad ! A great deal at this price for sure .
 If you liked the orignal Doom , than you will love Final Doom . It is a near perfect transition from pc to psx . It has no slowdowns , glitches , nor wack gameplay . You can sit for hours with your friends and rack there brains away . If you are tried of sitting in front of a computer and playing Doom , than Final Doom is the remedy
 Final Doom is an excellent game . I own both Ultimate Doom & Final Doom for the playstation and enjoy playing both of them . This game is a lot more exhausting than Ultimate Doom , too . Most of the levels are huge , extremely mazy , and difficult , so you 'd better be a good thinker ! That 's right , each level is a dark , scary labyrinth of evil soldiers & monsters , so you 'll need to use your brain if you plan to make it out alive . The whole key to Doom is survival , and it 's not going to be easy this time . The graphics are a bit sluggish , which is why I give the game 4 stars instead of 5 . But everything else -LRB- sound fx , music , controls , gameplay factor -RRB- is fine . The soundtrack in this game is very disturbing , to say the least . It helps create an incredibly eerie atmosphere that few games have ever done . The sound fx are realistic and the gameplay factor is superb.Do I recommend Final Doom for PS1 ? Yes , I do . So order it now while supplies last , or be `` doomed '' forever !
 I finally got a copy of this game on Saturday - Since I played my first doom game on a computer over 10 years ago , I 've been hooked ever since . I got slaugtered a few times during the first level , so I had to cheat and get all weapons-For now , it 's the only way to get through , at least for me-I 'll be up late again tonight Gil
 Final Doom is really the third Doom game , so Doom 3 is really Doom 4 . Anyway , This game is great . Thirty brand new levels , with tons of tricks and surprises . The only drawbacks are that there are some invisible walls which demons can attack you through , but entering these walls can be fun . Also , it seems like you can never pick up a key or open a door without a wall opening up with a dozen monsters behind it ready to attack you . But the gameplay is flawless . I highly recommend this game !
 This was a gift for my husband , he loves playing this game . He plays it with the grandkids .
 I wrote a review for the original Doom released for the Playstation ... and , well , take all of what I said there and put it here , but Final Doom presents even more of a challenge.This game is by far more difficult than any other Doom.The background music is ALMOST as creepy as the score the original had ... but very good nonetheless.Not much has changed elsewhere , other than the obvious 30 new levels ... it 's really nothing more than an add-on to the original ... get it if you want more senseless carnage and mutilation.Hell , if you like first-person shooters , and can nab this for under 10 bucks , get it anyways . You wo n't be disappointed .10 out of 10 .
 This Game , as well as software developers ID and the other games in the DOOM series , have taken incredible heat from the media for being overly violent and gory . 2d sprites are non-violent , and neither are those who have developed & played this game . Do not be afraid to buy this or any other MATURE rated game , because unless you 're already deranged , it will have no effect on your psyche . I suggest buying 2 copies of this of any other DOOM title and a link cable . Then approach your nearest friend that also owns a Playstation and suggest a Deathmatch . You will then see why i gave the game 5 stars !
 To make this review easier to read , I have divided it into four sections all focusing directly on that subject.STORYLINE / OBJECTIVE : In SSX On Tour , the object of the game is to become a SSX Legend . You achieve this by creating a character , then going through Slope Style , Racing , and Big Air events . After you complete a certian number of objectives , you will unlock the SSX Legend tournament , in which you will compete in a variety of challenges . Along the way , you will find unlockables including new challenges , characters , boards , skis , and gear.PROS : Unlike the other SSX titles , this addition allows you to ride on skis or a board , adding a whole new perspective to SSX . SSX On Tour brings a whole new line of tricks to master and bust out at your opponents . A new event titled Shred Event puts you against a character in a direct Slope Style or Racing challenge . The numerous unlockables give the game a new edge.CONS : The controls for this game are tricky to master . It took me almost three days to master the BASIC controls -LRB- Not good for children under the age of eight -RRB- . Junky hand-drawn images pop at you every time you scelect something on the main menu.Also , every time you return to the menu from an event , it will as you to save , which gats REALLY REALLY annoying . For some odd reason , you are not allowed to costomize anyone but yourself . The Specialty Tricks , or as the game calls them , `` On Tour Tricks '' , are extremly hard to perform on skis . Some challenges are EXTREMLEY hard . It took me days to beat some of them . Some opponents are just too good to beat -LRB- Referring to Stat totals -RRB- Extreme button mashing is necessary , especially on Slope Style events . My thumbs started to burn after 20 minutes of Slope Style.OVERALL REVIEW : I think this game is really great but I do not reccomend it to gamers who get frusturated easily or are in the age range of 8-13 .
 It 's a fun game to playI woke up on my birthday , got a psp in hand and this gameCharged up my pspPopped in the game and wowD * mn good graphics . Love it.The soundtrack isnt that great though , but that 's my choice of music . Its very light alternative rock and some punk.Not too many slopes to choose from , a downsideAlso the slopes are a bit short for me , another downside.Gameplay
 The idea of this game is either racing , competing or practicing in skiing or snowboarding . While this game is very repetative , it 's also fun.In the version of the game where you compete against the computer to earn trick points , it is nearly impossible to win . The tricks in this game just do n't rack up enough points . But the racing and multiplayer versions make it all worth your while.The different landscapes are hard to unlock , but the basic one is pretty fun ... Overall , this game could be better , but it 's all worth it .
 SSX on tour is one of the best games I have ever played . THe game play is 4.5 stars . it is a little tricky to control the rail control . EA has the same characters and courses . There a couple new characters but there are still the previous characters . The Game play is really cool because ther is a challenge mode they give challenges and if you complete the challenge you go up on the ranking list . THis game is really fun . THe only con is you character has no clothing to choose from . EA makes outfits and lets you buy them . any ways the is worth the money and have a great time playing this game !
 This was a game that I could 've cared less about if I did n't get it for Christmas . I 've got to say , I 'm glad I got it . This game gives you the option to board or ski , I like the boarding more , but they did skiing pretty good . The game has a great soundtrack featuring Avenged Sevenfold 's `` Bat Country , '' Motorhead 's `` Overkill , '' Queens of the Stone Age 's `` Medication , '' and Nine Black Alps ' `` Shot Down . '' There are some crappy songs , though , but here 's a good thing . I 'll tell you what to do . First off , when you go to bed or something where you wo n't play your PSP for 3 some hours , plug the AC Adapter in your PSP . The PSP should start charging . Then go to Pocket Trax , press Triangle , and let your music play . The game requires that you listen to the entire song to remove it . THAT SUCKS ! This trick works . Back to the game , the objective of the game is to become the best rider on the tour . This game has a few different play modes to get you there . There are 6 different categories with 2 becoming unlockable -LRB- out of the 6 -RRB- and 1 more unlockable at the end . Some of the different events include Best of Two -LRB- best score out of two runs with the best time being kept -RRB- , Heats Total -LRB- cummulative times are kept -RRB- , Elimination -LRB- more like a race event where in a quarterfinal if you take 2nd or 3rd , you advance to the semi-final , or 1st , you advance directly to the final . The winner of the final gets a gold medal . If you place 1st-3rd , you 'll move up a spot on the leadboard -RRB- , and Shred Event -LRB- a one-on-one race against an opponent -RRB- . Another features allow you to customize your character for certain events . Overall , I was very impressed with this game , but something is missing that I can put my hand on . What is it that is missing from this game ?
 this is a good game but IF YOU ALREADY HAVE SSX 3 DONT GET IT ! ITS THE SAME TRAILS ACCEPT WITH DIFFERENT NAMES !! I have ssx 3 for my gamecube and its actually funner than this game ... check it out . you can only snowboard in that game though . i am a skiier in real life and i LOVE THE SKIING PART ! it is a lot funner than the snowboarding . it has awesome graphics . the only thing is that i wish there was different trails . . otherwise ... thumbs up
 This is fun . The graphics are awesome . The music is good . There are alot of different modes to play in . You can ski or board . You first start out with a woman named Oktane . And you unlock trails and skills . In SSX 3 you had to unlock the peaks and win money to buy stuff but this game is not like that . The same trails are the same ass SSX 3 , they just renamed them . This game is really fun to play .
 This game is an amazing collection in my arsenal of PSP games . I love this game so much I am actually ordering it again after I lost it many years ago ! The only way to describe this game is WOW
 Got this for Christmas and it was recommended by a friend for my 12 yr old . He loves it and says it is easy to play .
 This game is fun . Man is this game fun . Over and over again , I tell myself I am done playing , only to come back again and agian for one more run . The gameplay is that fun . Now , the downside . Tricks are hard to pull off in any major way . Small tricks are not really difficult at all during the races . THis makes the races insanely fun . But trying to pull off major tricks in the trick challenges is a complete nightmare . Good luck ever beating the computer opponents . Probably the worst part of the game though is the fact that it takes FOREVER to unlock new slopes . Seriously , you have to beat the computer opponents like umpteen million times before you unlock more slopes.Bottom Line
 To make this review easier to read , I have divided it into four sections all focusing directly on that subject.STORYLINE / OBJECTIVE : In SSX On Tour , the object of the game is to become a SSX Legend . You achieve this by creating a character , then going through Slope Style , Racing , and Big Air events . After you complete a certian number of objectives , you will unlock the SSX Legend tournament , in which you will compete in a variety of challenges . Along the way , you will find unlockables including new challenges , characters , boards , skis , and gear.PROS : Unlike the other SSX titles , this addition allows you to ride on skis or a board , adding a whole new perspective to SSX . SSX On Tour brings a whole new line of tricks to master and bust out at your opponents . A new event titled Shred Event puts you against a character in a direct Slope Style or Racing challenge . The numerous unlockables give the game a new edge.CONS : The controls for this game are tricky to master . It took me almost three days to master the BASIC controls -LRB- Not good for children under the age of eight -RRB- . For some odd reason , you are not allowed to costomize anyone but yourself . The Specialty Tricks , or as the game calls them , `` On Tour Tricks '' , are extremly hard to perform on skis . Some challenges are EXTREMLEY hard . It took me days to beat some of them . Some opponents are just too good to beat -LRB- Referring to Stat totals -RRB- OVERALL REVIEW : I think this game is really great but I do not reccomend it to gamers who get frusturated easily .
 Its a really fun game with all the cool effects and fun gameplay from the pevious games , but it looses quite a lot due to the fact you have to play it on a smaller screen . The snowboarding is great but the skiing is boring and unessecary . Overall a fun game to play and worth getting .
 I think this game is fine , and full of surprises . I would not buy it , unless you are quite certain that you 'll enjoy it . If you own the other versions , skip it.MC White
 To make this review easier to read , I have divided it into four sections all focusing directly on that subject.STORYLINE / OBJECTIVE : In SSX On Tour , the object of the game is to become a SSX Legend . You achieve this by creating a character , then going through Slope Style , Racing , and Big Air events . After you complete a certian number of objectives , you will unlock the SSX Legend tournament , in which you will compete in a variety of challenges . Along the way , you will find unlockables including new challenges , characters , boards , skis , and gear.PROS : Unlike the other SSX titles , this addition allows you to ride on skis or a board , adding a whole new perspective to SSX . SSX On Tour brings a whole new line of tricks to master and bust out at your opponents . A new event titled Shred Event puts you against a character in a direct Slope Style or Racing challenge . The numerous unlockables give the game a new edge.CONS : The controls for this game are tricky to master . It took me almost three days to master the BASIC controls -LRB- Not good for children under the age of eight -RRB- . Junky hand-drawn images pop at you every time you scelect something on the main menu.Also , every time you return to the menu from an event , it will as you to save , which gats REALLY REALLY annoying . For some odd reason , you are not allowed to costomize anyone but yourself . The Specialty Tricks , or as the game calls them , `` On Tour Tricks '' , are extremly hard to perform on skis . Some challenges are EXTREMLEY hard . It took me days to beat some of them . Some opponents are just too good to beat -LRB- Referring to Stat totals -RRB- OVERALL REVIEW : I think this game is really great but I do not reccomend it to gamers who get frusturated easily .
 My son enjoyed playing this game very much . I went out and bought another for his brother because my older son like it so much . It has the best overall graphics that I have ever seen , and all the other PSP games do not look as good as this one . I definetly recomend this game for you .
 i like it alot but i had to wonder if there was free run or anything . i bought it because i player on tour on x box ... now that was good!i dont ski or snowboard but i fid u go faster a skies than snow boards ... overall 4.5 outta 5
 I must say ... This game is all that ! It resembles the game releases on PS2 , but at the same time , is so different . I highly recommend this game . There is a slight freeze problem that will occur every now and again , but simply pop out your disc and put it right back and you are off again where you left off . The game is so addicting . Especially if you are a fan of LOTR . I was lucky to catch this on sale at Best Buy at $ 39.99 for the week it dropped in price , but now it 's back up to $ 49.99 there and is well worth even that . It is basically chess with the LOTR characters . Strategically position your characters to meet the objective . I was a bit confused when I did the tutorial , but after I tried it , I figured it out and have been tearing the computer up for now . I 'm sure it will get tougher though . Different levels and difficulty levels will keep you entertained for a great while . I could not put this thing down when I started playing it . It is truly worth every penny .
 I have had a PSP for a few months now , and 6 games that suck , besides the Namco Museum -LRB- for Pac-Man of course -RRB- . Finally , a good game has come out . If you are a LOTR fan , you 'll love being in the battles that take place on Middle Earth . It takes some thinking to play this one -LRB- kind of a chess match -RRB- , so do n't be ready for some mindless sword slinging .
 I 've been skeptical about the LotR games since I bought the PC version of Fellowship of the Ring -- not a bad game , but definitely not what I was expecting . I waited a couple of days before opening this one because I was preparing myself to be let down . Wow ! Was I wrong ... LotR
 Well If you are looking to buy this your already know what Lord Of The Rings Is . So let me start with the Pros.Pro 's -- Enviroments - Nicly done . - Attacks - Normal and Bow attacks are nicly animated . - Spells - Most you will want to see more then once , very few are boring and lame . - Story - Well it 's Lord Of The Rings for a handheld , it 's good but nothing more . - Length - Well let me say it 's not a short game , but not a 40 + hour game either , you will get a good 15-30 hours out of it mattering how much you play and what you do . - Battery - Really good , last a good 3-5 hours . - Loading times - maybe 10-15-20 seconds at most , but the nicly done loading screens will atleast be there.Con 's -- Character Models - Well i know it 's PSP and it 's a handheld but must games have low looking versions of a ps2 while this has PS1 gphrics * Sorry For Any Spelling Mistakes * for models.Yeah it 's not a big Con but somtimes with these nicly looking spells you wanted those ps2 G 's to kick in . Owell this game is still great and probebely the best RPG out there as of now 11/11/05 ... Hope you enjoy ! : -RRB-
 This is a great game for the psp . For those of you that are Final Fantasy fans this game plays like Final Fantasy Tactics.You can play either the side of Moria or the Fellowship . Some reviews call this a short game . If you only play it once with out getting everthing for your heros , it is . However I 'm taking the time to get everthing and the memory stick claims I have about nine hours play time . I still do n't have all the Moria skills . I still need to lv the side of the fellowship and get there skills . I belive you could spend 20 + hours to get everthing.The graphics on this game is the best i 've seen on a handheld . The sound is great as well . The game also has clips from all three movies.Now the down side . As you work your way through the game , all your heros gain exp . It do n't matter if they was in combat or not . However , you still have spend the credits on your heros skills . The highest lv you can go is lv 15 which = 8,700 exp.Over all this was a great effort by EA .
 For a tactics type game , this one has bigger , better looking , more realistic graphics than most . Because enemy and hero units move simultaineously , and it is simpler than most tactics games , it is faster paced than most as well . It features skills/spells and items similar to `` LOTR - The Third Age '' , which must be purchased in-between battles . All `` Heros '' gain experience from each battle , even if they were not in it . Not a game for purists , if you would like to battle it out as LOTR Heros with a horde of Orcs in turn-based combat , you 'll like it.The only downside is that the game consists of battles only , there are no story line descisions to direct the course of the game . It does feature clips from the LOTR movies that introduce each battle , but they really do not give the game a feeling of continuity.I am basically comparing this to FF Tactics and similar games . I would hesitate to call it an RPG .
 I give this game five stars because it is very enjoyable although a couple small things would have made it so much greater . The game has great graphics , good sound and shows alot more video from the movie than i expected . The only problem i really have with it is the thing one of the other reviewers mentioned
 This game is a very good strategy game for those people who have the PSP . The price was very reasonable . It has cool cut scenes from the movie . The PSP is sorely missing games like this . I would recommend this to any Lord of the Rings and strategy RPG fans .
 Lots of people have given this game 5 stars , why ? In a nut shell this is the best game on the PSP at time of writing . Great graphics , fantastic game play . I bought my PSP a year ago and have not used it much because of the many very poor games out there for it . LORT has change that . Thank you LORT team for bring me this wonderful game !
 Lord of the Rings Tactics lets you enjoy a strategy romp through the world of Aragorn and Legolas on your PSP . The turn-based system allows you to take your time and explore the layout thoroughly before making your moves and decisions.You 're allowed to play as the `` good '' or `` bad '' side in a number of situations from the movie . They even have actual movie footage introducing the scenes , so you really get to feel as if you 're immersed in the action . It 's a let down when you get into the character select screen though . Instead of having that same high level of graphics they have some pretty cheesy looking portraits for the characters.With the turn based system you are moving around on a grid . Each turn all of your characters can move a certain distance , and then the enemies can move . After that , everyone can choose who to attack . For people who enjoy wild slice-and-dice games it might seem a little slow and stilted this way . However , it turns the game into a chess like game . You look at the map and figure out how you can outflank your enemies given the terrain and situation.It 's not all close combat attacks . Some of the characters have distance weapons , and others have magic . It helps to think about each character individually , what he or she can do on the board , and keep them as safe as possible while they inflict their damage.The music is straight out of the movies and adds an epic feel to the game . Since the cut scenes are actual movie footage , you get to hear Frodo , Gandalf and Aragorn 's voice coming from your PSP just as they did in the movies.It 's important to note that you really are n't `` changing the storyline '' anywhere in here . You are succeeding or not succeeding at key battles that are IN the story . If you fail , you get a chance to go back and try it again.Well recommended to any strategy fan who enjoys the Lord of the Rings world . It provides a nice level of challenge without becoming overly bogged down in minute detail .
 I love tactics games and LOTR , so bought this one by instinct without reading any review . The game did n't disappoint me , is very fun , fast paced and the animation is amazing , besides the strategy and planning your moves you will enjoy just by looking the characters executing the attacks and spells.The only negative is the fact that you will complete all the levels relatively in a short time -LRB- maybe with more levels I would n't get enough either -RRB- so after completing it with the bad guys , I tried to start again with the Fellowship , and you get the same missions but on the other side of the ring . I have to admit that playing with Sam and Frodo is not closely fun compared with the Witch King attacks , so really do n't went too far with the good guys . I guess I will be playing again from the start but trying to win in less moves or getting different skills and items to slain the good guys faster -LRB- sorry for my sadistic side -RRB- .
 Where can I begin with this game ? For any Sci-fi fan , this game is for you . I picked up a copy of Alpha Centauri from one of my friends . And I instantly got hocked on it . The whole concept of this game is wonderful . Earth life is threatned so the UN sent the game charcters up into whole new solar system -LRB- which I read you can see from earth -RRB- to start a new life . But when the spaceship lost connection to earth and the captain was killed , panic broke out . You start a new game crash landing on Planet . The first priority is to build a defense for your new base . Throuout the game you have to comunicate with other factions -LRB- people who were on the UN ship and have landed on Planet to -RRB- , build new bases -LRB- expand -RRB- and base facilities -RRB- , build up a military , and go to war . You get to chose from a wide varity of characters to chose from . A few examples are Chairman Yang of the Hive and Brother Lal of the Peacekeepers . Each Character has thier own personality . You my find some hard to work with -LRB- if you decide you want to work with them -RRB- . Also , each charcter has their own opinon on how to govern Planet . And when I found the Alien Crossfire Expansion , I was evn more excited . More factions , techs , and projects . I think I 've talked enough but if you have any questions about the game please e-mail me .
 Sid Meier 's Alien Crossfire is the best strategy game I have played in a long time . A boost even from the simpler Civilization II and other programs in that series , it is fantastic to play and a lot of fun . I reccomend the Pirates to play . Hint
 I have a 550Mhz AMD K6-II 3D Now with a GeFORCE 2 MX400 card and 256M RAM . While the game play was note worthy -LRB- I beat the game in two evenings -RRB- I thought the speed of the rendering engine was a bit sub par , mainly on the outdoor scenes It could just be my system , but Quake1/2/3 that I also own run at very acceptable and consistent framerates under linux . The graphic eye candy was very nice . It 's worth the money in any event , at least in my opinion . Now if I can quit playing Q3A online long enough to try SOF multiplayer option ...
 SOF for Linux is easy to install . Just remember one thing ; copy the proper glide drivers from your / usr / . . / lib area to the game 's local directory . Then use the '' . / sof + set ... '' command to point to the drivers . After I did this on Mandrake 7.1 the game took off full speed ahead ! Thanks Loki for bringing great games to Linux ! Now how do I get that train hatch open ? ... Hmmm ... Lock & Load !
 It is a very good game for Linux , too bad Loki when out of buisness . I 'm affraid there will be no more games like this for a while .
 I am completely hooked on this game . I find myself using any excuse to sit back down at the computer to pickup where I left off . The game is very challenging if played in one of the difficult settings . You can tweak the respawn to the point where the game is unplayably difficult if you want . Anyone who finished this in two days either does n't work , sleep , or eat or played on either the easy or medium level.I must say that this game raises the bar in gore factor . You can disembowel someone with a 44 magnum or grenade and they lie there screaming with their innards exposed and pulsating . Or you can roast the terrorists with the flamethrower . Their screams are -- ghastly ! If you ca n't stand violence STAY AWAY ! By the way , the game does have password protected parental controls that lets you control the amount of violence ... it 's not so much KKK as neo-nazi . And I 'd hardly call it pro-nazi propaganda since you spend your time blowing them away . In fact , you get to blow away all of your favorite terrorists from around the world at some point.Loki did an awesome port . The install was painless , just a few clicks . Operation on my old TNT2 is flawless . Performance is quite impressive . The graphics are topnotch if not just a hair under Half-life . Overall for gameplay I 'd recommend this as a must buy . Just remember you can adjust the amount of violence if you like . I 've warmed up to the flamethrower though.-Peace
 I 've recently downloaded the demo . It contains the first 2 maps of the windows version -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . The gameplay is great ! I 'm using Linux X4 with a 3D Prophet GTS 2 , using nvidia 's Linux drivers .
 These are simply wonderful controllers ; from the feel of the controller in your hands to the great logos of your favorite teams . The extra long cable and added vibration are appreciated features . Mad Catz has moved the Start , Select and Mode buttons to the top and bottom of the controller . The Start and Select buttons are located between the shoulder buttons while the Mode button is directly opposite on the bottom . The D-Pad can be a little sensitive but nothing you ca n't get used to . Again , a good feeling quality controller . For all of us NFL junkies who are proud to show our teams colors , well worth the extra buck or two . For the casual fan it 's just a controller and might not be worth the extra investment .
 I like the sims alot but it is kind of wierd.When I first bought the sims I thought it would be sooooooo cool but now it 's like ummm ... So I like it but it is sooo SLOW !!! But I would still rate it high , so you should get it and try it out and tell how it is !
 My daughter said it is the best . She has a lot of Sims games and each new one gets her more excited . She loves it .
 I love this game , but it has some annoying parts to it . When you get scared , your sanity meter goes down , and it happens a lot . When you go to different neighborhoods , all your `` emergencies '' go down . In some parts you have to go from one neighborhood to another and everything goes down quickly.I love the story line , all the interactions , the different facial features that are n't incorporated in the regular SIMS 2 for the PC.I highly recommend this game for the PSP.I bought this game for my 13 year old daughter who dictated this review to me .
 I have liked , it is an interesting story to investigate , the only downside is that it is very slow .
 i bought this for my 13yr old daughter for her psp , she likes playing the Sims games . I tried to play this one on her psp , but i prefer to play on the pS2 . this Sim game is a little different , because there are monsters , and ghosts .
 it 's such a fun game ! the only problem is the loadtimes . i also have it for my ps2 but the one for psp is wayyyyyyyyyy better !
 Is it worth buying - yes . It 's entertaining , funny and addictive.Is it better than the PS2 versions - yes and no.I must admit I wandered around the PS2 versions aimlessly at times but I found this psp version better . There is a definate progression and storyline but you can still wander off track and do other things if you want.I did n't find the loading times a problem - they were quicker than the ps2 , except with a few of the conversations . As you progress through the game you can sidestep this to some extent by buying/giving gifts for friendship/romance or using a taser to intimidate rather than ` talking ' for ages.There were irriatating things in the last ps2 version I played - you 'd jump in a car and spend minutes waiting for the game to move on and save -LRB- you could make a cup of tea in the time it took -RRB- . Here once you have a map you can jump between locations . It 's easy to earn cash and buy stuff -LRB- get good at painting by the end of the game you can earn $ 500 every couple of seconds painting -RRB- and through the amusing mini games , although I still have n't got a clue what is going on in the Yeti game.You can go to bed and come up with a new set of goals so you never hit a dead end or get stuck.The downside ? The 3rd location is full of more bugs and glitches than any game I 've ever played . Make sure you save the game every 10 minutes in different slots . In the barracks people get stuck in the shower - they completely freeze while you can move and need to talk to them . In the lab litter you need to pick up does n't register and you have to reload / start again . The conversation you start in the barracks with the guy you sell the secrets to never starts , reload ... It was a game in itself doing things in a different order to escape the glitches.I also hated the way every time you spoke to the journalist in the library he 'd sit down and then stand up - taking at least 30 seconds in order to show off a fancy graphic move . In the 3rd level of course a similar move glitched and the characters would stand next to a chair with their ` invisible ' chair and move that lol!Overall though I loved it .
 ALright , so Sims 2 , first off for those of you who are already Sims fans , there 's sort of two `` types '' of Sims games that different people have come to love , there 's Sims for the portable systems where you generally follow a preset story line , and complete multpiple obkective demands , the only variety beetween two beaten sims games on a portable counsel , is what you have in your house -LRB- the houses themselves would be identical -RRB- your relationships , and how your Sim looks , while on the CPU and other stationary systems , you have much more liberty . However , I personally much prefer the portable versions for they keep you entertained and never leave you with a dull moment . Your ALWAYS controlling your Sim , whether he 's working -LRB- which pretty much means you play a minigame and get payed -RRB- or sleeping -LRB- which I 'll admit is a pretty boring 6 seconds -RRB- . As far as the portable Sims gaming goes it 's excellent , it has by far the best graphics of any portable console -LRB- gba , ds -RRB- and has an addictive fun storyline . Everything you do in the game is a minigame , even to talk you play a genre of rockpaper scissors which makes relationships so much more fun to build . The comedy in the storyline is hysterical , and there 's always new character to love . The minigame factors in this game are a primary part of me liking it , every job is a different minigame and depending on how well you succeed in the game , that 's how much you get paid . Unfortunately , to pull this game away form being the enjoyable entertainement we all hoped for , there are glitches . This is the only thing that bothered me in the game , nothing was fluent , everything had a second or two hesitation , this can very easily irritate someone , and it 's for everything , a two second loading time , performing the simplest action , to wavin , to talking , things that should n't involve a wait demand some time . SOme people complained that this messed them up for they pressed buttons while it was loading so it did n't register , well obviously you can compensate for the glitch by just pressing the same button repeatedly until it loads . THe wait itself only works in your favor as well for it gives you more time to decide your answer -LRB- the conversations , you see what they say and your possible answers , then it takes the two three seconds to loda thus giving you an advantage -RRB- . Also , on the original PSP 1000 , the game did crash on me a few times forcing me to retry certain parts , uncertain whether glitches or delays would occcur on a higher model -LRB- the 300 -RRB- or a higher update -LRB- 3.8 or higher -RRB- . To conclude , the game is very addicting , with a funny storyline , and original gameplay that will keep you playing for 10 's of hours of pure enjoyment . Yes , there are the setbacks that I mentioned , but it still does n't stop this game from being one of my favorites . I would buy it if you were interested enough to read these reviews , the only advice I have is whether or not SIMS 2 CASTAWAY is the same style without all the mini load times and glitches . This game though , is definitely addictive enjoyable entertainement .
 I chose rating because Very Good game . I do n't like the AI and the camera anglesI would recommend this game to a friend
 Games just fine nothing to worry about . Good litte life lessons in these games to . Keeps them off some of the shoot them up games .
 My teenager loves to create worlds in this game . I enjoy her descriptions and her enthusiasm as she plays this game
 Ca n't wait till my kids open their presents tragic story cut short we lost all belongings including psp 's and games kids will be happy this year . : -RRB-
 This is a great peice of software . I am not allowed to have a video game system so I got this . This is the perfect substitute . It is just like a playstation . I got the Gravis Pad @ CompUSA . It works just like the real thing . Playstation games are cheaper so I can get lots of them to play . Only about 5 % percent of games do n't work and it 's less than an actual playstation . I hope they make one for playstation 2 soon .
 Connectix scores another big hit with Virtual Game Station for the Macintosh . This program opens up the world of video games to Mac users who hate the sparce selection of games available for the Mac . With the little program , you play most Playstation games available on the market today . Although there are a few programs that will not work , most programs play with few problems . One problem that does show itself from time to time is a loss of sound during games . I had read about many people running into this without experiencing it myself until quite recently . This can drive you nuts when you are playing a game and all of a sudden sounds starts to drop out . But if this does n't bother you any , then this program will be a boon for you . One other word though . Be sure you have a fast G3 . I first started using this on my original 233mhz iMac . The gameplay was jumpy and choppy . After upgrading to a 466mhz processor , it now plays great without any hiccups . If you want a lot of gaming options , then try this program today !
 yadma said that sports 2001 runs awful . get a computer made in 2000 or later and at least an ATI Rage 128 graphics card .
 This piece of software seems to be pretty user-friendly , at least with my Revision B iMac . I bought the Gravis GamePad Pro USB at Best Buy to use with it , since it very closely resembles a Playstation controller . It will not work with maybe five or ten percent of the games you can find , but overall , it is a nice substitute for this gamer who have n't owned a dedicated gaming machine since the original Nintendo .
 Jackie chan is coming from china town and its fightings on a characters .
 I have not found a game that does kiss arse on this . Ok so I have a Tibook but it aint bad on the old imac either!Get it or be bored
 Bought this for my son for Christmas and he loves it . Had to change the batteries out several times because he uses it so often . However , I wish I had ordered two so that somebody does n't always get stuck using the old controller . This thing looks really cool when lit up too . Make sure you turn the switches off on the back when you 're not using it so as not to waste the batteries . Highly recommend this as a gift . Well worth the money .
 personally i think that def jam ffny is the best one soo far even now taht they have there new def jam icon they f@*&!#ed up on that that was a major F*@# up why did they take out the blazin moves and stuffif they could just had a better player custiomization/creation in this game it will be perfect the story is alright but on the psp i dont know about the ps2 but on the psp the game it like the story was no videojust pictures if they like had a video for it i would love it but as i said they completely f@#$!ed up .
 This game it 's cool , it 's not only about fighting , you can customize your player the way you want and the story is great !
 this game is great for players who enjoy fighting style games and old and new school rappers
 This wheel gives you the full feel for Nascar Heat and Project Gotham Racing , you feel every bump and set the wheel for your own characteristics . Its much easier to use this than the cokntrol whick is really hard in Heat . Buy this first then rent racing games and see if you like them ... trust me you 'll like it !! check out more at xbox.com
 Out of the box , the `` Pro Victory '' instructions are a little confusing . Called the factory customer service , and was connected within a minute . Was quickly told how to program the wheel , gas and brakes and it then worked very nicely . The steering sensitivity control , which I found best at the `` medium '' setting worked well and I did not have the difficulty others have written about.All in all , the wheel adds a measure of realism to road games and is recommended for racing enthusists .
 Hi - After taking out this TM wheel , I was initially skeptical , but after re-reading the instructions and experimenting a little , I have to admit it 's not too bad.Cons -1 - At first , the construction seemed somewhat cheap , but after monkeying around a little , and talking with friends , I found that as long as you do not excessively over-rotate it -LRB- stay calm during gameplay folks !! -RRB- , the wheel holds up just fine2 - No Force Feedback . Frankly , not TM 's fault , but Microsoft 's as they view FFB as a lower priority . Incidentally , the construction issues listed above may be linked to the fact that MS has n't decided on an FFB standard.Pros-1 - the wheel turn sensitivity is adjustable2 - table-top AND lap top attachments3 - foot and/or handpedal capabilties4 - the buttons can be re-programmed - let 's say you do n't like the gear up location in Project Gotham - just go through a short and easy sequence , and Viola , you can use a different , non-contortionist finger to control the actionConclusion - The Thrustmaster wheel is far from perfect . But , given my past experience with other first generation wheels , this was a pretty good purchase . Thrustmaster obviously put a lot of thought behind some of these features to help us gamers compensate for lack of flexibility in certain games -LRB- HELLO Microsoft - Project Gotham should have been fully wheel compatible -RRB- . Given this history , I would n't be surprised if these guys manage to come up with a newer and better version in the future .
 The only good thing I can say about this wheel , is that it worked as soon as I plugged it in with no set up or configuration -LRB- other than the table clamp -RRB- I tried several games with this wheel . . Apex , Gotham Racing , Need for Speed , RalliSport . . and in all the games , the results were the same.Firstly , the wheel is too small , it needs to be a little bit bigger . Second , there is alot of play in the wheel , for racing , you want the wheel to be responsive to small movements . This is not the case . Third , the button positions could be much better , they are difficult to reach while trying to drive.I would not suggest getting this wheel , it just does n't do racing justice
 This wheel is really good . The only major flaws are that when you change racing games you may need to change the sensitivity of the wheel . I was really looking foward to having a realistic gear shifter but it only shifts up and down which makes it good for the games like cell damage but not so realistic for games like project gotham racing . The foot pedals are great and i recomend you get this game wheel .
 I would not recommend this wheel to anyone . I could have lived with the problem where the pedals and buttons would sometimes stop working and require that the Xbox be restarted , but the thing which I found totally unacceptable was how poor a controller this actually was . Let me state at the outset that I was aware of the different sensitivity settings as well as the ability to reprogram the button assignments , and I did experiment with all the different settings . With that said , I found that on `` Project Gotham Racing 2 '' trying to make course corrections would have no effect while you were in the ` null ' area of the wheel , and as soon as you moved beyond the null area , it would immediately put you into a wall . As for times when I was cornering , the wheel did not seem linear at all and I found myself hitting the wheel limits -LRB- 90 left/right -RRB- too soon so that I was left plowing into the outside edge of a corner that I had previously had no problems with while using a thumb controller . I found it very frustrating that , after many practice laps , I still was n't able to even match , let alone beat , my times using the standard Xbox controller . All in all , a very disappointing product - I had higher expectations of something bearing the `` Officially licensed for the Xbox '' moniker .
 This CD contains 6 levels that produce a lot of gaming fun . Youhave a light character building feature -- like Revenant and Soulbridger . It 's not a damanding effort to get you characterinto a fight or successfully finding key items and doorways . If you mess up , the game automatically sets an level option to replay a level . There are a few quests that must be performed before you succeed in levels 3-6 . But if you get lost , there areseveral great game walkthrus online.It 's fun . It 's swift and not taxing on your PC . You can play asa mage , warrior , or scout . There are many training characters to help you get up your points . At first I played without applying my training-points to build up my character -- and the point being , I still enjoyed the playing . The only draw was when I needed to find that walkthru . There 's a character I needed to located in level 2 , Simek , whom I missed at the first go . When I got to level three , he had disappeared from the level . Oh , and you will need to download a patch -- must like 75 % of other PC games .
 It is truly like reading a book , it provides an excellent storyline , very entertaining , excellent game play , tons of unique equipment and just an overall good roleplaying game . For 7 dollars to buy , you can not go wrong . If you enjoy games like Baulder 's gate , Torment and neverwinter night , this game is a must have . I only wish it was a bit longer with more areas to play.The Graphics in this game , in my opinion is much better than Baulder 's gate 2 . The characters are crisp . The game is easy to play and learn . No headaches , no learning curve and characters could be totally customized .
 The Lemmings are back and they 've brought with them more of the addictive , puzzle-solving gameplay that has made the series famous in Lemmings Revolution , which returns to the classic 2D side-scrolling action of the series in a fancy new 3D world.For those unfamiliar with the game , the object is simply to get a set number of Lemmings from point A to point B in side-scrolling fashion . Of course , many obstacles stand in the way , and because the Lemmings are not very bright , they will continue to walk in a straight line even if it means their demise . In order to guide the Lemmings to safety , you assign them specific tasks to overcome the various obstacles-make a Lemming a Basher , for example , and he will bash through walls , while a Builder can build stairs to reach higher levels . What it all comes down to is a game that is simple to play , but which has a complexity that will have puzzle fanatics glued to their screens and impatient gamers ready to toss their monitors out the window . Some of the later puzzles in particular can take hours to complete , and the trial-and-error gameplay will cause some folks to simply give up in frustration . Fortunately , the non-linear level selection allows you to go back to easier levels when the difficulty gets too high . The point-and-click interface is easy to use and a zoom function lets you get right up close to the action for precision aiming . The game can be paused at any time , which comes in handy when several dozen Lemmings are wandering around the level . The goofy music and helium voices of the Lemmings fit perfectly with the gameplay , and the Lemmings make a lovely splat when they fall to their doom . The 3D graphics , though not spectacular , are pleasing to look at and are a nice update to the classic Lemmings style . With over 100 levels , Lemmings Revolution has enough gameplay to have puzzle fans scratching their heads for hours . Anyone looking for an addictive game should give Lemmings Revolution a spin .
 I strongly reccomend this game as a puzzle that will occupy you for hours to come .
 Not the first Lemmings game I 've played , but it came bundled with my PC and gave it a spin . It installs in seconds on a Pentium II , even , and then went off straight away . When you enter the game , it gives you the storyline as part of the opening sequence . With that over , click ` new game ' and you get this sideways pyramid of cubes . Most are yellow , but 3 are green . Click a green block to play that level . Then , wait a sec , and after a few moments a cylindrical tower will appear , all in lovely 3d . When you 've conquered that level , 2 more will bcome green . And so on , and so forth . This game is good if you love lemmings , but it 's also fun to see them ` plummeting ' to their certain doom . And it 's nice to see , a few times , their little faces exploding witha teeny pop . Overally good , too , even if it does take you a long time to find out how to rotate the screen view .
 I love lemmings games in general , and this game is no exception , it is very fun to play . But there are two majorly annoying things about this game . One , is that everytime I start the game , I have to sit through a two minute AVI . No way to skip it . Pressing ESC , or any other key does n't do it . So I burned a CD-ROM copy and replaced all the AVI files with blank AVIs . Problem solved -LRB- for me -RRB- . Second issue
 I would definetly recommend this game to someone who has a lot of spare time . it is very difficult and frustrating if you do n't get these suicidal lemmings to thier balloon on time . I liked it at first but then the Lemmings just irritated me . get it if you like lemmings . But if you like games that are challenging as well as icredibly difficult , better pass it up .
 I have just purchased this game and let me tell you , it 's a ball ! I have the original and the best part about this version is that you are able to turn the puzzle around . Very cool game for classic game lovers . A must buy !
 This game does n't do too much to the Original Lemmings so maybe ` Revolution ' was not an appropiate name for it . It does look and feel fantastic to play on the turning wheel mechanism with a very easy earling curve and interface.But beware - It DOES get tough and you will do well to complete all 200 levels -LRB- yes 200 ! -RRB- Reviews of this game were not to hot but this is one of the most addicitve games I 've played in ages . Even my girlfriend -LRB- who is not a big games fan -RRB- is hooked and wont stop till the level is completed !! Theres not much to this game but the levels are well designed and its great for all Lemmings fans.The game has n't evolved too much with 3d advances , new ideas and originlity . Many people may decide that this is just a cash in but I got mine for 19.99 so it wasn ; t at full price.Its definitely more of the same with great graphics and gameplay.Pure addiction ! Goodbye social life !
 You ca n't imagine how long I waited for a sequel to lemmings ; the classic wich 'll never die . Years . And finally I found out there 's Lemmings Revolution . I bought it immediately . And loved it.This game is absolutely great ; almost as great as the original 's , but pretty close it gets . And that 's quite much , considering the `` hype '' . It has the same skills as the original , but with few new twists -- I wo n't spoil them to you : -RRB- This game is a puzzle ; and a hard one . Me , as a veteran of Lemmings - games , finished this but it took a fine two weeks . And many many hours . For beginners this is gon na be tough one . If you have never heard of lemmings let me brief you . In lemmings you control a group of helpless cuties ; Lemmings -LRB- of course :-RRB- trying to lead them to the exit from the start . It sounds simple , but it is n't ... You 're gon na agree :-RRB- Buy this , because Lemmings never die ... A classic , worth five stars . Buy this and the originals as well -LRB- I saw a window 95 - versions package of them -RRB-
 Lemmings Revolution is the best Lemmings game out there . The old lemmings just dont cut it compared to this one . With all new puzzles this game never gets boring .
 I was totally addicted to the first versions which for me were DOS overlayed on windows - and had a ton of glitches . I was thrilled when this came out and like the rest think it 's a blast but VERY addicting . I love the pause feature which allows you to make changes and I love the zoom . I also agree that the circular layout does n't add much - but the 3-d effects are great . This is totally worth the money . I think the puzzles are very creative - if not frustrating but when you finally solve them - it 's pretty darn great ! Ca n't wait for the next version .
 For those of you new to Lemmings , they are puzzle-solving games -LRB- that get really difficult -RRB- that do n't really require co-ordination . All in all , this is a great , mind-taxing , highly addictive game ! If you know the other Lemmings games and liked them , you 'll like this one too . This game has some new stuff ; there are several different types of lemmings - some can walk on water - which helps complicate the puzzle-solving . Also , all the puzzles are rotated on a cylinder , which gets a bit annoying and does n't really add anything . By the way , I do n't have either of the problems that Hamid has . The game works just fine for me .
 If you want to be in charge of a bunch of moronic , cute , green balls of fur as they explode , fall of cliffs , drown , and get cut to bits by traps , you might enjoy this game . Of course , the goal is for them not to get killed , but to get to a hot air balloon hidden beyond all the tricks and traps , which will take them to safety . Although it starts out simply , the puzzles quickly get intense , luckily however , for each level you complete , you will unlock 2 harder levels -LRB- there is a `` map '' , so sometimes completing a level will unlock only one , or no levels , but usually you will get two -RRB- . I do n't know if it is just my disc , but I can not play one level -LRB- the high dive -RRB- , because I am missing a texture or something . If anyone has any information about that , I would like to know it . Anyway , this game is extremely chalenging , even having played the original , and is also entertaining , often in a sadistic way -LRB- the spike logs often get a little ... choppy -RRB- , so if you like puzzle games , I recomend you give this one a try , since it does n't cost too much for 100 levels .
 When I got this game , I thought it would be pretty boring . But when I got into it , I just could n't stop playing ! This is the ultimate puzzle game .
 The lemmings game I purchased was fantastic . The game arrived in good condition and on time . The whole family has enjoyed the lemmings challenge , it 's a great mind puzzle . Thank you .
 We really enjoyed playing years ago and this version was just as fun .
 This is a great game . I got addicted to playing it on my mom 's palmpilot and when it was time to go back home , I had an irresistable urge to play the game . My parents found the game at a computer store and sent the pc version to me for christmas.Keep in mind , if your pc runs on Windows XP , you 'll have to do a search for a Bejeweled/Alchemy patch otherwise it will not install to your computer .
 If you like Tetris you 'll love Bejeweled ! What makes it so satisfying is the SOUND of the jewels clicking down . Its this special extra sensation that adds tons to the enjoyment of the game . I have not yet played alchemy -- I look forward to it also .
 This game is soooo addictive , that I ca n't even begin to describe the draw of it . I thought this would be a silly game , but I found myself playing it for hours and hours on end ! If you do n't have a lot of spare time , do n't guy this game , as it will take up what little you have ! This game is great for kids 8 and up and most adults like it better than children !
 If you hear one word about this game , it is almost certainly `` addictive '' . It seems so innocent , with its different crystal-like shapes and pretty colors , but then it sucks you in for hours and hours . It took several months to `` break free '' , but I did . I still play it occasionally , and show it to others , but I have to be careful -- as the saying goes `` once an addict , always an addict '' . Wan na try some ?
 Bejeweled is very similar to one of the Mahjongg Master 5 games where you match 3 or more of a kind to score points and rearrange the board . Alchemy is more challenging in that you have to match objects on the board according to the colors and shapes of the other objects around it.Bejeweled can be * mastered * in a few hours -LRB- clearing the board of the upper level matches before tackling the lower level objects and rearranging objects in order to maximize multiple simultaneous matches -RRB- . Alchemy is significantly more challenging . I played last night for about three hours and had some success at the easy level but even the average level was considerably more difficult.If you 're looking for a pleasant diversion for a few hours , Bejeweled is more than adequate . However , if you want to push your brain more , Alchemy is the one to select . Having both of these games in the same package is a heck of a deal !
 I 've played this game for a few years now , but , ummm ... . I did n't know it was an actual game people bought ... There are many places on the web where this game can be downloaded for FREE . Do some searching before you purchase .
 I and my coworkers used to play these at work , before the company we work for blocked the site . We all loved them !!! When I saw this cd at Office Depot one day I had to buy it ! It is so addicting , especially bejeweled . Although there is one thing that is not addictive about it and that 's the music-it 's rather annoying , so I just turn it off . This is one of the few games that do n't need `` patches '' to make it work correctly .
 Both games are easy to learn , and fun to play . Be warned they are both very addictive ! I liked the graphics & sounds , especially the hissing from the fire , in Alchemy , warning you that one more discard will end the game ! Levels of difficulty can be increased as you progress . Cool , non violent , games both adults and youths would enjoy playing .
 I played this game after my daughter found it on the web . I am now addicted to it . I work graveyard and come home and play it and find myself not going to sleep . Boy how time flies when your having fun ! I finally went out and bought it .
 Bejewled is one of the best games I have ever played . I like the music and sound to it . You make rows of three jewels in it . Alchemy is really fun also . You try to make rows of gold . Do n't discard to much ! So buy Bejewled and Alchemy . They are both really fun ! It is worth the money . Have Fun !!
 I am thoroughly hooked on this game . At first it was just bewjelled but since it was a combo pack I tried out the Alchemy too . I am just as hooked on that one also . All I can say is awesome !!
 This is a nice set of games for someone who has about an hour or so of time , to dawdle.These games do n't turn your brain to mush , but challenge you to recognize patterns and make strategic choices.Also the Bejeweled game I find very pleasant to look at.Unlike games like Myst -LRB- which I absolutely love -RRB- , you will be playing this inexpensive game over and over .
 I have never played Gal . Civ . games before so after hearing sooo much about Dread Lords I thought I would try it . My reaction first off was the amount of depth this game covers . First off , you have a technology tree so big you have to scroll across the game screen to see it all . Then with all the ship cust . menus it can be a bit overwhelming sometimes not to mention the diplomacy options . I guess I was not inclined to how in-depth this game really was . It 's not a bad thing for a experianced hard-core player but a little bit overwhelming for a newbee to say the least . Maybe it 's just me ? I have played a long line of space empire games such as ORB -LRB- Highly recommended -RRB- Hegimonia which is very similar to this game but much more user-friendly . Do n't get me wrong , I find no fault in this type of genre but I was hoping for something a little less text based and a little more action oriented.Oh well , I guess I 'll play it and try to get the hang of things , catch up on my reading and learn to play the game more effectively . Who knows , I might fall in love ? If not I 'll just wait until Space Rangers -LRB- 2 -RRB- comes out in March .
 If you like simulation games and airports , this game is great . However , you had BETTER have a Pentium II processor with at least 200 MhZ . I bought this game to use on my AMD K6-2 350 MhZ processor , and found nothing but trouble . I had to re-install it once because the main screen was glitching . After I got that taken care of , I discovered that the scrolling in the game was about as smooth as sandpaper , and hard to control the mouse . Luckily I also have a Pentium II computer , and it works fine there.I also found some data mix-ups with the populations of cities , I do n't think Los Angeles only has 550,000 people ! I also think that the pop . of 4,000,000 for Mexico City was a little off . As well as 30,000,000 for Miami.If you do n't mind these kinds of problems , buy the game , it 's great . Otherwise , save your money.I would also recommend RollerCoaster Tycoon , which is MUCH more platform friendly .
 You get to choose a city from all around the world . It takes a while to get companies like Delta or USAir . You should get it !!!
 The game is really cool , and it was exciting to see a concorde land , but the game takes too long . It took me two weeks to get to the year 2000 , at full speed . The graphics are second to none . There are a lot of cool options like different camera views . In all it is a great game .
 I recently purchased this game from EBWorld.com . When I got it , I installed it , and ran the game . Because it requires some kind of video card that i dont have -LRB- 3dfx or Direct X -RRB- , I have to run it with emulation . It runs super slow . But i downloaded a trainer for it and money is not a problem anymore . The game is ok , the graphics could be improved a little , and the music , where did they get that from , Africa ? Overall , it is an ok game if you are interested in airplanes , airports , and management .
 My favorite games are buisness sims , strategies , and simulation games . Airport Tycoon was unique and a nice addition of the Tycoon genre which was spinning out of control with worthless games . You could handle passengers as well as cargo.You were in charge of creating and managing an airport . You were given freedom -LRB- not total -RRB- to design your airport and build certain rooms for expample security and stores . The gates you placed were more like plop against the wall and add a tarmac . The main room with the ticket handling was frustrating . If you didnt have enough ticket booths you were constantly adding more than 100 in one room and it seemed rediculous . In a real airport you saw the different ticket booths for the airline and the conveyor belt behind the ticket agent . It would of been nice to see poeple come in with luggage and checking it in . The realism while lacking and the gameplay sometimes frustrating , Airport Tycoon had this appeal that kept you playing for a few hours . My favorite was seeing the airplanes being serviced on the tarmac and the planes taxingand taking off . Outside of the airport besides deciding what continent , and city you choose to put your airport you were also given the options of seeting up parking lots , parking garages , gas stations as well as hotels . While this was the first Airport Tycoon , I would of liked more refined graphics and realism such as cars actually parking in the lots , people being dropped off by taxis -LRB- you could also put taxi stands along the road -RRB- , and a layout similar to airports today , where they have terminals and seperate unloading areas for passengers to get out of cars and taxis and check in their luggage . Just like in real life also , it would be nice to see actual roads that have signs telling you were to go , what terminals , arriving and departing flights as well as lifelike baggage claims when passengers come off of the planes and try to retrieve their luggage -LRB- you know that annoying sound with the red blinking light alerting you the baggage is coming -RRB- . This would add more employees -LRB- the ones handling the luggage and putting the luggage into the baggage claim . I always wish that monitors or large signs showing arriving and departing flights with the flight numbers and whether or not the flight is on time , delayed or due to weather ; cancelled . I also like to see live gates with actual gate numbers , desks , waiting areas , and announcements as well as final boarding calls and tickes being checked and watching people go into the thing that is attached at the gate to the plane -LRB- cant remeber the name of it -RRB- . This was a nice game , decent buisness model , little frustrating at times , and was looking foward to the sequel hoping their would be improvements . Unfortunatley # 2 was terrible , and # 3 was a slight improvement over the sequel but wasnt as good as the first one . So it went downhill after the original Airport Tycoon . AT was promising but unfortunately , its sequels burried it .
 This is one of the best games I have ever played . You get to run your own airport in many locations . You should buy this game . I play it all the time !
 I love tycoon games and of them all this is my favourite . If I did n't know better I would have thought I was really there . You control everything from police hut 's to runway 's plus you can pick what you put inside your airport . Look , if you want to do something good for yourself buy airport tycoon .
 Airport Tycoon is a wonderful game I think . Learning the game takes a while though . It took me a few hours to learn how to play it . The tutorial hardly helps you to figure out the game . It does not even make a full airport . The only way to figure out the game is to use trial and error . But once you learn the game it is very fun and realistic . If you like sim games you will probably like this .
 This game is great . yes there is a pretty high learning curve , but unless you could not get over sim city 3000 , you should be ok . The graphics are absoulutely amazing and once you get your place moving a control tower view is available . From here , your airport takes the shape of one from real life . Really very cool !
 blah blah blah who cares about what the critics say good or bad i think this is the best game ever created ! It has great graphics , neat sound and visual effects and overall it is a wonderful game . But the controls are hard to learn and the tutorial runs out of money .
 Airport tycoon is a great game ! It 's a great creative game it 's fun to see little tiny planes flying in and out of your airport.it 's also fun to make the terminals.It 's very hard to understand at first but once you get to be able to actully play your airport it 's very addictive.I bought it a few years ago and it layed around my computer . only learned how to play it about to months ago and have played it about every day since .
 This is a good bussiness type game . You accept or decline contracts from airlines . Some of the airlines want special things like check in desks.You can also get cargo planes . Some might want cargo facilities . Each flight that comes in you get a certain amount of money . The bigger the plane the more money you get . The smaller the plane the less money you get . Some people might threaten to bomb your terminal . Fires might go off some were in your airport . Planes might crash in mid air or while their landing . You should have fire stations and hospitals for that . In the long run i think this is a good game .
 I love this game so much . You get to manage your own airport in over 100 capitals all around the world . There are also 200 airlines ... I 've been playing this game for years and I 've only come across a little over 100 !! It 's such an addictive game and you 'll love every minute of managing , watching and just enjoying your own airport .
 Managing an airport is cool and this game is a blast . The one negative is the 1000 item max imposed in the current version . This requires you to lay roads in the longest strips possible and to watch items you should be able to add . Eventually , you will have millions of dollars and no way to spend them ... I major draw back.But , getting the airport up and running and competing with other airports throughout the world is a blast .
 I thought that the game is very entertaining . The graphics are in 3D but are OK . Great busness , real life , and entertainment simulation .
 Great game but if you live in Europe you should buy Airport Inc. which is exactly the same game and you can find it at amazon.co.uk for a cheaper price and faster delivery time
 This game is very cool only for people who like airport maintainment and airport economy . I love this kind of games . Airport Tycoon is also a really hard game . You better learn first to play this game to like it , get it and understand it.You can also accept or decline contracts from 200 different airlines .
 the game is GOOD but the reason i rate it at a 4star cause the company should have an expanstion pack because there are many facilities that are not available in this game . but over all the game is KOOL , . , , , i love it .
 When I fist heard of this game I had to get it . Its AWSOME 3D graphics makes you feel like your flying over an airport . Sign with over 200 airlines and create you airport empire !
 Airport Tycoon is really good ! Though it does n't have all the cities I 'd like , it has everything else . After reading the Stragtergy Guide , I figured the way to build the airport of my dreams .
 I believe the game is great . ... I like it because it makes you think . And you actually have to watch the money you spend and your profits . And who cares about the graphics . They are just fine ! ... I love this game .
 I think it is the best ever . It has cool graphics , and there are some down sides . The downsides are that when you 're building and run out of money , the game is over . A plus for the program is that you can build an airport . It earns five stars with me . Today was my first time on Airport Tycoon and I liked it a lot . Signed , A 9 year old kid .
 YES PEOPLE SAIDS IT 'S BAD BUT TRUST ME I OWNED THIS GAME LET ME TELL YOU IT IS HARD THERE IS NO CODES YOU DO RUN OUT OFF BUSSINES IT 'S LIKE A REAL AIRPORT BUT YOU GET TO SEE THE AIRLINES COME IN AND TAKE OFF TRUST A PERSON THAT ERNED UP TO A BILLION DOLLARS ARE IF YOU WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS GAME OR HOW TO GET STARTED WRITE ME AT michaelf16@hotmail.com IT 'S WORTH IT
 This game is the best ever . It 's really fun . It is a good price .
 YOU CA N'T LISTEN TO THE OTHER PEOPLE I PLAYED THIS GAME SO MANY TIMES YOU GET TO SEE PLANES COME IN FOR LANDINGS AND TAKING OFF BUT I WILL TELL YOU THIS GAME IS HARD BUT FUN LISTEN TO SOMEBODY THAT GOT UP TO A BILLION DOLLARS AND I `` M ONLY 12
 This is a very addictive little game . The biggest challenge is to learn how to generate money with your airport . And , i found that a bit difficult to work out , but after that it is fairly easy , and you will have an over-sized , elaborate airport of your very own in no time at all . If you enjoy tycoon games , then you will probably like this one . I would have rated it higher , but once you figure the economics out , it is a bit too easy .
 This game is a great game ! You learn about the economy as well as build what some people think is great . It is true that the tutorial does not finish but this still is a great game . I highly recommend this game
 THIS GAME IS GREAT IF YOU LIKE BUSINESS GAMES AND HAVE A GREAT PASSION FOR AIRPORTS AND AIRLINES ! YOU MUST HAVE PATEINCE TO PLAY THIS GAME THOUGH . IT HAS FAIRLY GOOD GRAPHICS , BUT YOU WOULD NEED TO VISIT WEB SITIES TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY BECAUSE THE TUTORIAL TAKES OVER 30 MINUTES ! BUT LET ME TELL YOU IT IS A GREAT FEELING TO SEE THE FIRST JUMBO JET TO LAND AT YOUR AIRPORT ! PLEASE IF YOU WANT TO BUY THE GAME OR ALREADY OWN THE GAME DO N'T FRUSTRATE YOURSELF WITH THE TUTORIAL ! GO TO WEBRING.COM AND TYPE AIRPORT TYCOON ! THIS WILL HELP YOU GET THROUG THE PAINFUL FIRST HOURS OF THE GAME !
 This game is so great . You manage EVERYTHING , even contracts . If you buy this game and get millions of flight and business contracts , but no petrol or hotel contracts , this is normal . It takes a while to get those . WARNING
 I bought this at Wal-Mart , as some other people did too , apperantly . It installed just fine and runs great -LRB- but then again , I have a brand-new PC , so it should ... -RRB- I enjoy that you ca n't just build , build , build without having to watch your money . Telling some airlines to get lost is a plus too . The graphics are pretty good for a fifteen dollar game . I 've read other reviews saying to get the Sims or Rollercoaster Tycoon instead . Keep in mind those other games are thirty plus dollars each.I do have a few complaints , though . Why do they limit you to four stinking runways ? My local , municipal airport -LRB- the town has a population of 98,000 -RRB- has more than that ! Why do shops whose contracts you 've regected REPEATEDLY continue to apply ? Why is the tutorial so bad ? If you still do n't like this game and want another bargain-basement `` Tycoon , '' I highly recommend Railroad Tycoon II - Gold Edidtion .
 I have n't bought this game but it 's on the way . After reading all of the reviews , they all have something in common . Not enough money . It says that its Air Mougl but that 's not the game . It takes time ! In the real world , you do n't just POOF ! Money floods in ! You need to start small , maybe 1 plane and a small terminal etc. . Do n't build a gigantic airport and then expect money to come when you have no planes ! Save up money , and once you have enough , build on . DuPage Airport did n't just appear out of nowhere and it became the best airport !
 This is a damn good game . The only drawbacks I would mention are :1 -RRB- Not being able to be the bad guy2 -RRB- No cuffing3 -RRB- Not enough damage done by your shots4 -RRB- Statistical innacurracy of hit percentage and property damageBut having said that , this is a great , great game . The city you drive in is incredibly complex and not repetitive at all . I find the missions to be very challenging , in fact , I have n't gotten out of police boot camp yet , but I 've only had it a week . You can still do `` Free Patrol '' , where you are running down bad guys . I 've had chases that lasted three to five minutes ! And the replay feature is unbelievable . I think there are too many light posts , but that 's more my driving , I guess . I also would n't mind it if you could shoot/run over the civilians on the street , and if the civilian motorists would get the hell out of your way when you put the sirens on . Still , this game is GREAT , and very addictive.The damage that occurs is hilarious ...
 World 's Scariest Police Chases is a wild , no-holds-barred driving game that puts you in control of the action as a police officer chasing and apprehending law-breaking criminals . Perpetrators lead you on a slew of hazardous , breakneck chases as they try to avoid being captured for such crimes as drunk driving , drug smuggling and terrorism . Pursue your suspects through a dynamic city , taking shortcuts and using aggressive tactics to apprehend them and uphold the law .
 This game is very challenging and every level has a different aspect of strategy . What makes the game so much fun to play is that it takes a plan of action which can not fail , becasue if you do fail the mission and have to play it again , the computer will change the outcome so you must think of a new strategy . This game gives you a realistic outlook as you are a Police officer , chasing DUI suspects , gang bangers , escorting ambulances , etc. . There are many different squads to drive from a crown vic to a bomb squad truck , and the policies and procedures of the department are strict when it comes to protecting civilian life . This game is one of the best games I have ever played . There is only one bad glitch in the game , which is when you are chasing a suspect you recieve damage from anything you hit , however , the suspect only becomes damaged when you hit them . They drive around smashing into trees and walls but their damage does not increase . Despite that one problem the game rocks ... Each level in The World 's Scariest Police Chases combines a different aspect of take down and mission objectives that allow you to perfect your law enforcement duties in the city of Ashland .
 WSPC , is a change to the games that are around at the moment , so if you want something different then this is the game for you . Throughout the game you will have acess to 13 different vehicels , which you will get to use on 20 different miaaions . Overall this game is good , its not too easy and poses a bit of a challenge , but one of the best features is the two player co-operative mode . -LRB- it means you dont have to be so competitive -RRB-
 When I heard about this game , I was skeptical about the ability to transform a television program to a video game . It was n't long before I realized how well done and exciting this game is to play . It has 3 gameplay modes , Free Patrol , which is the best beginning mode and prepares you for the other modes , which are , Pursuit and Single Mission modes . You earn Single Missions as you successfully complete the tasks of the Pursuit Mode . The Pursuit Mode has 20 exciting and challenging missions to complete . When a pursuit starts in any mode a bold red arrow will appear above the suspect 's vehicle . You only have a certain amount of damage that your vehicle can take before it sets fire and becomes wrecked . So be careful with your driving !! However , You have weapons to help you apprehend the suspect . Weapons range from a hand gun all the way up to a Rocket Launcher . From Jacked Up Jailbirds to Tank Rushes and drug smugglers , this game has it all !!!!! I highly recommend this game to anyone who craves gun blazing pursuits and police work . *****
 I was often looking for a game that enhances my desire to be a cop . With plenty of action , lots of missions , and an adequate complexity level , this game really delivers . Of course , the graphics ca n't compete with the PS2 , but they are still good enough to boggle the mind . The siren is realistic and the buildings are different enough to prevent boredom . The commentary by the narrator and the radio transmissions really add to this cheesy game.Detracting from the game are the sluggish popups , and a single sound for a variety of vehicles . However , these are slight imperfections when considering the overall play.Although the game is `` T '' rated , I still play the `` Free Patrol '' with my 4 year old son . We just avoid the shooting at all costs .
 I rented this game once and immediatley fell in love with it only had it for a week but got through 13 missions -LSB- easy huh -RSB- but the 2 player mode with my brother and free patrol mode were awesome I 'm finally getting the game for my birthday and ca n't wait BUY BUY BUY it the best game for the playstation
 I rented this game once and immediatley fell in love with it only had it for a week but got through 13 missions -LSB- easy huh -RSB- but the 2 player mode with my brother and free patrol mode were awesome I 'm finally getting the game for my birthday and ca n't wait BUY BUY BUY it the best game for the playstation the cars get damaged too easy though
 I 've read all the reviews to this game , and everyone says that the garphics suck . Come on , graphics arnt everything . besides , its for the PS , and ALL the games look that way . But i liked this game because its a game you can drive police cars , a tank , explore a town and chase down cars . there are missions u can go one , training or you can just patrol around freely . The game also lets you use hand guns , shot guns , machine guns and even a rocket launcher to nock out fleeing cars . this game isnt as bad as people say and is worth giveing a shot .
 Ive never seen a game like this . It 's so cool . I just dont like how you wreck your vehicle so easy . It 's cool being a cop in a cool cruiser . Hope you like it .
 greatest game bad graphics . otherwise great game !!
 this is one real great game and anyone who wants it get it at this great price .
 My 10 year old son loves this game its perfect.It is realy hard at first but he loves it . you should get it if yo dont have it !
 This is truly a great police game . I am glad I had bought it . I cant stop playing it .
 When Driver 2 came , this was exactly what I was expecting ! The shootouts are great !
 This review is meant to focus on how very cool this game is.High speed action in a police car is probably the best thing you have ever seen.Working lights and a up-to-date sounding siren on any of your police crusiers , it is dream land for everbody.From Crown Victoria 's to all purpose Jetta wagon 's , it is awesome.Plus it is as realistic of the real streets in Albany , NY.have fun playing this brialliant game !!!
 this is a great game . Take the law into your own hands and catch criminals . Once you have wrecked their car -- get out of your car and exchange gunfire with the criminal . Do what ever you have to do to take the Criminal down.BUY THIS GAME
 looking for fun or a game to keep you up all night playing well you found it . Just like need for speed hot pusuit but with guns on a scale of 1-10 I rate it at a 8 it 's fun and exciting .
 This game is pretty good overall . Even though the graphics are terrible it is still a fun game to play over and over again . I would buy this game .
 this game is the easiest game 2 learn . the controls are exactly the same as driver . only in this game you could use guns !
 it 's more of a driver2 game , exept youre the cop.if u like action packed games you will love it.you chase drug dealers and other criminals.i think fox and activision did a great job like always .
 I was trying to make up my mind to buy worlds scariest police chases or Driver 2 and i ended up buy this one and im glad that i did cause its a great game its one of those games that will have you up all night you 'll just keep trying to beat the missions over all the game is good and its one of my favorites it would be cool if they added more to it like for exsample you could have two cops in the same mission trying to stop the criminal i think that they will come out with another WSPC and i really hope they will if you buy this game you will love it and be up all night but if u dont believe me then rent it this is one great game and i hope u will buy it
 Well , WSPC is a very good game , and it will have you coming back for more and more and more and more sessions . The star of the game is the individual missions , which have the `` famous '' John Bunnell providing some intro and outro talk . The missions are extremely addictive , and get quite hard around mission 8 . The only thing that I do n't like is that fact that chases are not that realistic . I think that the game should have incorporated the ability to perform a `` P.I.T. '' - Pursuit Intervention Technique , and stop the route . That is where we could spin the runner out , and stop the chase quickly . I would also like the ability to see someone get handcuffed as well . Hopefully , they will come out with this game for PS2 and improve it !
 Great game with a great replay valu . Worth giveing a shot .
 Being able to drive a squad car down pedestrien filled streets and shoot really cool weopons at the same time , what more could you wont in a police game . Most of the time the game is easy to play , except for the single missions . Were the missions have time limits and if you go over the limit you fail the mission.Except for this , the game is great and has great replay valu .
 Being able to drive a squad car down pedestrien filled streets and shoot really cool weopons at the same time , what more could you wont in a police game . Most of the time the game is easy to play , except for the single missions . Were the missions have time limits and if you go over the limit you fail the mission.Except for this , the game is great and has great replay valu .
 this is a good game.what better than to chase the law-breakers ? you even get guns to shoot at fleeing cars!there is so much more in this game .20 missions.from traning to trying to stop a mad bomber to trying to stop crazed tanks you will always find things to do -LRB- if you want cheats go to gamewinners.com -RRB-
 this game was really fun . I think it should have six stars but max was five .
 I love this game it is like Driver 1 & 2 , but you get to be the cop . It is the best police chase game I have ever played . The only problem is that the missions are to hard , it took me more than 2 months to beat .
 Oh my god this is my favorite game ever and it is so fun and the graphics are very captivating and I could ' t and still ca n't stop playing . This is a must have for any hardcore gamers .
 This game is awesome . With 20 missons , big weapons , lots of vehicles and crooks , and scary driving you should buy it .
 This is definatley the best driving game i 've ever owned . The city is HUGE , and you never get sick of the same old patrol route . In this game , you can do alot , and have alot of dif . vehicles under cover , and marked units . I wish they pulled over to the side , and you got out of your car . I also wish you could do more damage with the guns . not even the flame thrower does enough . I like how you can just drive around , and stuff , explore the city , in like 12 or something starting points -LRB- free patrol -RRB- . you cant be the bad guys , but i dont mind . This game is worth buying , but i warn you , it is tough to use the mad catz 2 wheel on it , well actually its hard to use on any game , but this will go under a review for that item . hope you find this review helpful , and enjoy this awesome game .
 I thought it was a great game . It was all action . It was too cool!I loved it and I hope you will too . It is one of my favorite game sthat I have . Iwas so happy with the graphics . It had instant action . It was an action-filled adventure . I would n't expect anything better than what I got . It was awesome .
 I got this game for my birthday and it is awesome!The graphics are great and the missions are super-hard ! The cool thing is that there are so many cars.There are tanks,buses,taxis,sports-cars , cop-cars , vans , and bomb van are some of the vehicles availible in this game.If any parents out there are looking for a game for there kids get this one.It is so awesome!The only flaw is that the powerful guns in the game do n't have alot of ammo.Plus its a great price.Usually games this good are -LRB- more expensive -RRB- ! Its so cheap & cool!That is what I think of this , totaly awesome game .
 Well , one day my b/f came home with a brand new PS2 . I thought `` oh well , yet another video game '' . Little did I know how much fun a simpleton such as myself could have with this machine . Then one day he -LRB- my b/f -RRB- came home with the MX 2002 game . Wow ... I just love it . There is so much to learn and do on this game . And the graphics ... the graphics are so real and well done . It just makes you want to play again and again and again . You have to be very consistent to play this one . Fall too mamy times & that 's just too bad for you . But , that 's what makes it so darned addicting . You just got ta win ... love it , love it , love it . A big 2 thumbs up !
 This is one tight game !! Its got supercross , motocross and some of the sickist freestyle tracks I have ever seen . So if love or even just like dirt bikes this is the game for you!So get this game now it is werth every penny.The only bad thing about this game is that it is a little short , I beat this game in 2 days .
 I love this game since i played the demo of it . it 's arcade enough for people who are not die hard fans BUT it 's also packed with enough sim related stuff to keep the true fans happy . the stuff like jumping busses , all kinds of trick tracks and very well made tracks with some of the nastist turns and twists ever make this a must own game .
 Awesome game ! Hard at first but if you follor tutorials it is easy ! All Aroung Great game !
 MX 2002 is a pretty cool game . It offers lots of cool levels , excellent graphics , a cool yet challenging trick system , and fun gameplay . After playing this a while , I thought that this game was somewhat similar to ATV Offroad Fury , but with a more forgiving AI . I really think this game is better than ATV , however if you already own ATV Offroad , you may not want to purchase this due to the similarities.Overall , this is a good game , and worth buying !
 has good graphics , and is fun to play
 MX 2002 is the coolest game i have ever seen or played in my life . The different play modes , tracks , and riders . I 'm a dirtbike jucky , if you own a bike or known what riding is about you will love this game .
 This game is awsome.It 's pretty unreal but the graphics are goodand it 's really fun.Theres a bad selection of bkes and ugly gearbut making a custom charictar is cool .
 Just returning from E3 today , the Video Game expo , I saw every game under the sun , from Tony Hawk 3 , and Mafia to all the Game Boy Advanced stuff , as well as the new Rogue Spear and SOF II . But time and time again my friends and I would return to the Playstation booth to play MX 2002 . The game was just too much fun , whether going head to head or racing or doing tricks by yourself , it is a must have game for Ps2.The graphics and sound are top notch , everything looks and sounds awesome . And the game play is super
 The biggest extreme sport just got bigger ! Prepare for new levels of immersion , authenticity and compelling gameplay with MX 2002 featuring Ricky Carmichael . Ride like a champion , compete for rockstar status in freestyle mode or just cruise the open terrain for your moto kicks . * Robust , addictive freestyle mode including the Bus Jump and Step Up Challenges . * The only game featuring Ricky Carmichael , 4-time AMA National Champion . * 30 real riders from the 125cc , 250cc and freestyle ranks
 Out of the three Motocross games available for the PS2 , MX 2002 featuring Ricky Carmichael is by far the best . You 've got all the big names -LRB- except for McGrath of course -RRB- and the graphics are great . Granted the stunts you are able to pull off in freestyle are pretty unrealistic -LRB- double & triple backflips , as well as a frenzy of multiple tricks in one jump attempt -RRB- but they add to the fun of the game . There are just a few minor things I do n't particulary like about the game
 If you havent played ATV off road fury then make that your second game but for your firts game get MX 2002 it has awsome graphics and a great game mode . If your a person who likes to just go cruse around Then you have lots of places to go and explore , but if you like to just go pull off sick tricks Then go straight to the stunt arena or the step up challanges , Of course you cant always go race with the other pros . Well I cant say much more besides you have to get this game or at least rent it when it comes out , So if you get this game you will not be mad that you got it .
 if you have not bought any ps2 games i think this should be your first . It has great gameplay modes and 30 different riders not to mention that you can be yourself in carrer mode and become a pro . So if you are looking for a fun game you should buy MX 2002 .
 Out of the three Motocross games available for the PS2 , MX 2002 featuring Ricky Carmichael is by far the best . You 've got all the big names -LRB- except for McGrath of course -RRB- and the graphics are great . Granted the stunts you are able to pull off in freestyle are pretty unrealistic -LRB- double & triple backflips , as well as a frenzy of multiple tricks in one jump attempt -RRB- but they add to the fun of the game . There are just a few minor things I do n't particulary like about the game
 I have this game it is one of the most fun games out there for PS2 . It has a very responsive gameplay system which lets you pull off the un-thinkable ! Such as double hart breakers -LRB- double backflip -RRB- and front flips -LRB- suicide flips -RRB- ! Also you are able to do 180 's 360 's 540 's and 720 's ! This game is a must buy the courses are insane and freestyle is stupendous ! And also it has little simularities to the atv game and yes i do own it and the simularities are not to simularities .
 If you like ATV Offroad Fury then you will love this game . It is very smooth .
 I played the demo of this game in the Summer Underground Jampack.Although I stink at racing and dislike racing mode , freestyle is great.You press R2 or L2 plus X , O , triangle and square to make different tricks.Pressing or holding in different sequences makes your rider do better tricks.I have always loved watching BMX on TV but this is just as good.It is one of the best games for PS2 .
 What 's this?A motocross game that 's actually respectable?Yeah , i 'm shocked too.But that 's what MX2002 is.It 's not the prettiest game , the music is far too repetitive , and the bike 's engine still does n't sound like it 's reacting correctly to the throttle.But on the up side we have an excellent create a biker mode , some wonderful tutorials , and some surprisingly good control.In fact i 'd hazard to say that i like the jumping physics of MX2002 just as much as ATV ; s learning ti load the suspension and then pop the clutch on a landing shaves seconds off your lap time.Now if only the riders did n't look as stiff as Viagra wverdose victims , i 'd be happy .
 The game is great , but I was dissapointed because neither Hut Stricklin nor Buckshot Jones were on it.However the game should be bought by gamers , even if they hate NASCAR .
 This game is tons of fun . It will set the people straight that say `` car racing is not a sport '' . It takes skill , patience and resembles a chess game at 190 + MPH .
 Race 2001 season with 25 drivers on 19 tracks . 1-2 players or compete against 11 drivers in Race the Pro . Digital/Analog control ; vibration function ; touch sensitive .
 Nascar Heat 2002 is by far the best NASCAR game on the PS2 so far , however there are a few things missing that keep it from being perfect.Several tracks are missing from this game including Pocono , Indy , Chicago and Kansas City . If you are fans of any of the following drivers , you will be let down , they are not in this game
 This game is really fun , I can play it for hours and hours . They have many top drivers and good graphics -- should get it .
 This is the Nascar game I 've been waiting for . I had been pretty disappointed when I first saw Nascar 2001 . But this game makes it all worth while . It flat out blows EA 's Nascar 2001 out of the water . There are so many options to vary the feel to this game by tweaking skill level of opponents and car set up , that you can either get the arcade feel , or an all out sim . In beat the heat , you try to accomplish skills tasks to make you a better driver . You succeed by placing in the top 3 to move to the next level-very fun -LRB- and you get to see old # 3 -RRB- . You can play beat the pro , where you race against a ghost car that one of many of the drivers actually had driven while making the game-very tough , but a blast knowing you 're racing against the real Dale Jr. . The cars are infinitely adjustable , so you can try to get that extra edge by beefing up your springs , or just use default . Graphics are great with no slowdown . Sound is good . Most importantly , this game is just plain a blast to play . Got to get it !
 the gamplay maid me cry !!! the graphics were fine and it was pretty easy , but you should be able to make a car or pick your avretisments , other than that it was an o.k game for me : -RSB-
 This game is great . It is very realistic , graphics are great . This is diffently the best nascar game I have ever played . it was hard for me to find the right diffaculty setting though , even on custom setting , I would dominate at 98 % and then get killed in 99 % . The driving is also a little jerky . The `` race the pro '' mode is very hard . `` beat the heat '' mode is great . it teached you how to play the game . Overall , if you like Nascar or even any racing game , diffinatly get this game .
 This new Nascar game for Playstation 2 is one of the best for PS2 . Nascar Heat 2002 has alot of Drivers and Tracks ! If you are a Nascar fan then this game is for you , Nascar Heat 2002 will keep you on the edge of your seat with all the car banging and driving with the big boys !! If you got ta have a NEW game to play on your Playstation 2 then Nascar Heat 2002 is the game to buy !
 I am an average 14 yar old boy who likes to watch Nascar for one reason ... . The crashes . This Game has a good number of crashes and it is really fun to race in . The only proplem is there is only smoke . It makes it look like a fire is going to jump up ... but No . good game still
 The game nascar heat 2002 is the most realistic nascar game I have ever played . I have every nascar game for the playstation . The only thing I would have changed is , in nascar heat they dedicated it to the Petty and Irwin family . They should have dedicated this to Dale and his family . Also when are they goin to come out with a nascar bush and truck series race ? Maybe all three in one great game wow ...
 If you compare this to any other console NASCAR game previously released , it 's an easy `` 10 '' . Heat is head and shoulders above any of its predecessors , and blows away EA 's half-hearted first offering on the PS2 , NASCAR 2001 . However , compare Heat to what it could be , and it falls a little short of being the ultimate NASCAR sim . Still , the positives far outweigh the negatives , particularly if , like me , you found yourself disappointed with 2001 and were left waiting another year for a NASCAR racer that makes the PS2 more than a prettier box to use for NASCAR ' 99 , EA 's last decent offering in this genre.Heat has a good look and feel , and most importantly , it 's a fun game to play . There 's enough variation in the AI skill levels to make it enjoyable for anyone from the beginner to the hardcore sim racer . The Beat the Heat challenges are a fun way to learn the `` tricks of the trade '' and judge your skills as a driver , and the championship season is thorough , with many options ...
 No Budweiser , Miller Lite , or Viagra cars . What good is racing without beer and boners ?
 Lets start of by saying its a Great Game !! The gameplay is great . The options in champ mode are good . The graphics look almost like watching it on tv . The Problem lays with how long you can play it with out getting bored . If you race in circles for 2 hours it kinda gets boring . Thats why i gave it only 4 stars . But there are beat the heat . and Race a pro mode .
 As someone who 's actually played the game , unlike the person before me , and as someone who 's actually a fan of NASCAR , unlike the person before me , I will give my review of what I think is one of the best NASCAR games ever.This game has very good graphics , with great looking cars and tracks . The graphics are definitely better than NASCAR 2001 , which was only a slight upgrade over the PS1 graphics.The game does not have commentary , unlike NASCAR 2001 . However , ask yourselves , would commentary really help here ? It would just be repetitious ; `` Rudd takes the lead ... '' . I do n't know , maybe commentary would be better than nothing , but it is something that I do n't miss.The sound department is pretty good , with well done spotting by The King . The cars sound realistic as well.Gameplay is also very fun . Not only does the game have racing mode , but it also has Beat the Heat . Beat the Heat is something that is sure to occupy a lot of your time.This game can not really be compared to GT3 at all ; they are in the same genre , but that is all . GT3 contains real cars that you can drive on the street , and contains much shorter races . NASCAR Heat is like NASCAR racing , so it is a lot different than GT3 . If you are a NASCAR fan , definitely go out and buy this game . If you 're not a NASCAR fan , but a fan of racing games , you 'll probably still enjoy this .
 This is a fun game . I have n't tried EA Sports NASCAR game for PS2 , but the reviews for it on this site were not very good . So I decided to try NASCAR Heat . If you are a NASCAR fan , you should get your money 's worth from this one . The graphics are awesome . There is no degradation when there are many cars on the screen . The sound is great too . The Beat the Heat , and Race the Pro modes are a blast . I like the Championship season mode best . In the expert mode , there are an infinite number of car setups . Racing in the expert mode is very hard . Anything less than perfect driving results in spins and crashes , just like the real thing . Not being that good yet , I race in the normal mode which is much more forgiving , but still very challenging . You can bump a little without ending your race . To avoid jerky steering it 's best to use the analog stick which takes a little getting used to . The challenge is to stay down in the dark area of the track -LRB- the groove -RRB- , if you do n't , you will see the competition pulling away . Staying down in the corners is much easier said than done . Also , the draft in this game is very real . I have gained several seconds on laps by drafting . I have also seen cars get loose when you draft right on their tail . Be careful not to rear end him though . If you mess up your front spoiler , you can forget about ever catching up to anyoneone else . One thing I do n't like are the yellow flags -LRB- which can be turned off -RRB- . Cautions last for 4 laps , which on some tracks can be up to 6 minutes long . That 's a long time to sit there doing nothing . Also it seems that fuel is used up at the same rate on caution laps as green flag laps . So I turn the yellow flags off . I highly recommend this game if you love Winston Cup racing .
 Okay ... okay ... people seem either to like this game or NASCAR Thunder . This is quite a debate but I think NASCAR Heat wins out over Thunder . NASCAR Heat is fun . It is designed to be fun and enjoyable . The controls are more forgiving and fun than with Thunder but it is meant to be . I fully enjoy this game . The Heat trials are fun and can get very hard . Overall I highly recommend this game over Thunder because it is more fun . Thunder is for more of the serious NASCAR fan . I own both and if I want to drop in a race and have a fun I play this . If I want the full NASCAR experience -LRB- harder competitors , sponsors , etc -RRB- I play Thunder . If you enjoy racing games then you will love this game .
 Nascar Heat was my first race game on the psII and i was not disapointed . The graphics are great and the season and AI are right on ... I did n't notice any over compensation by the computer ... if i was running all out better than the computer it would let things go naturally ... the only problem is if you play the `` expert '' or most realistic level ... be prepared to know what you are doing when dialing in the race car ... if you do n't know anything about cars or nascar stock car racing then you wo n't be able to use all the facets of the game ... you can race without having to `` Build '' your car , but it does n't have the same effect as actually racing a car you built ... and believe me i built some very fast cars that the game does n't provide ... in the most realistic mode the cars on the track act like real life cars going 150 mph ... they do n't stick to the track at all if bumped ... i felt this was the most fun part of the game ... oh yeah ... if you want to run the Daytona 500 in its entirety you can !! all 500 laps in real time !! you will be at the terminal for the same amount of time as real drivers !!! be prepared to be really sore after one race !!! overall a really great game with all kinds of ways to compete
 This game is great ! What can I say ! I mean the graphics are the best I 've ever seen on a nascar game . Sound is okay not over the top but not bad . Gameplay is fun and addictive , and the car is easy to control . Although I should warn you that steering may feel really sensitive at first , but you do get used to it so do n't panic . Another reason the game is so great is that there is lots to do even after you beat the championship mode . For example there is race the pro and beat the heat modes . This is definetlty the best NASCAR game I 've ever played and will definetly hold me over till Nascar 2002 comes out in October . ! _ !
 Okay , I ca n't stand looking at the 3-star rating anymore based on just 2 reveiws , 1 of which is a guy who never even played this . Despite the mediocre posting to this point , this game is solid , and will provide you with more than enough enjoyment to offset the $ 50 price-tag . The tracks are 10x more realistic than NASCAR 2001 , including great scenery like the infield and grandstands , as well as active pits in the background . For the regular fan , walk out and buy this next time you are at your store of choice . For the avid NASCAR fan , RUN out and buy this . You will be thrilled with what you find .
 Ok , wow ... , oh my god I hate Nascar but when I saw a little ad for this game I decieded to pick it up , and now I do n't hate nascar anymore , this is the best game of all racing games , maybe of all games out there , the only who can beat it will be HEAT for XBOX . but this uses all of the PS2s power and yuo can tell , i just hate the guy in your headset , he says the same thing over and over and like back to back , that is the only downpoint , I like driving with Dale , and i got the code for drving a jet , and crushing car with GODZILLA !! I LOVE THIS GAME
 one of the most relistic and fun racing games ever made , , the graphics were outstanding , the sound was real/like being at the tracks -LRB- you need to have surround sound to appreciate the great sound -RRB- . . i give the producers a 5-star/thumbs-up rateing . . the best on the market ... !! i loved the replays . . great job ... !! put your money on this one , its worth every penny !!!!
 nascar heat 2002 is awesome . first of all it has the heat challenges , which are great . it has great camera views , just like tv . on yellow flags you get the stats , instead of just sitting there doing nothing . it has awesome graphics . . great sensitive controls which make the game real . . plus many many more great features . . the only thing i wish nascar would do is to put in the game something like money control , so if you wreck you have to pay for it . i also wish they would put sponsorship deals so you can change sponsors or they can drop you . . maybe one of these days . .
 First of all , why would that idiot give this game one star when he has not even played it ? If you do n't know what you are talking about , then shut up . Do n't try to blast something you have no knowledge of . Nascar Heat 2002 is vastly superior to the Nascar game that Electronic Arts brought out earlier this year . Nascar Heat has no choppy graphics and visuals that look frightenly real ! In addition , there is a greater variety of trackts , options , and mini game for you to tinker with . This game is what every Nascar fan should purchase . In addition , I 'm quite sure that this game will bring more fans to the sport . So , if you enjoy a game with realism , loads of options , and great visuals , then do n't hesitate to buy this !
 It 's complete mayhem on wheels . Excellent action and complete destruction . This will five you an adrenaline rush when you play it . A definate reccomendation .
 My brother got this game for his birthday . He played it first with his friends when i was n't there . Then I played and it is the absolute COOLEST . You pick a player with a car then a place to play in . this is 4 2 playa . then u go around pickin up guns , missles , grenades and health ... etc and u try to kill the otha person.Pros : great graphicschallengingcons : nuthin
 I bought this game because the price was right . I almost enjoy it as much if not more than twisted metal black .
 I bought this game for my friend and of course I was over at his house playing with it.I gave it a 5 star review for it 's high speed car action.You can choose from awesome motorcycles to teeth chomping bulldozers.There are awesome weapons custom turbo boosters.This is a game you should go ahead and get . -LRB- If you easily get car sick do not get this game -RRB-
 I liked the game it was really fun . Its not my game but i still always played the game
 I have rented this game and am enjoying it a lot . This is a Twisted Metal type game with a stupid story line -LRB- think Battlebots meets WWF -RRB- and a fun multiplayer mode . I ca n't get Twisted Metal
 I 'm amazed that this game is n't receiving more attention . Graphically , I think it has a lot more impact than Twisted Metal Black ... seriously , this is the best looking game I 've seen on the PS2 yet . I rented it , but wound up buying - the multiplayer is a blast . Cool characters , MUCH more impressive special attacks than TMB , and a `` T '' rating - nice because I can play it with my kids without the gore of Twisted .
 Motor Mayhem is a great car combat game . Do not dismiss this title if you are a fan of the car combat genre . It may not win over the some die hard Twisted Metal
 I was n't expecting to like this game as much as I do . I have n't been able to put it down . The graphics are smooth , brilliant and colorful . Load times are super-quick . Almost NO wait between levels . The lighting effects of the weapons are pretty cool . There 's enough variety of characters to keep replaying the game over and over for a different experience . My only reservation in NOT giving the game a FIVE STAR rating is the lack of a deeper story , no FMV ... even when the game is completed and it 's a tad TOO EASY ... even in hard mode . But that does n't mean it is n't fun as hell to play . I know that up against Twisted Metal Black , this one will be over-looked , but just give it a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This game is AWESOME ! I purchased this game 07-03-01 and I ca n't put It down . I love how in your face the action is . I have played other car combat games but none of them have this kind of intense action . The action feels alot like a first person shooter -LRB- Quake or Unreal Tournament -RRB- I love it . The explosions and animated characters in this game are over the top . You will not be let down with this purchase , I have already become a fan . I do n't understand some of the shallow criticism that has been circulating from various reviews . I think that some of the reviews have been one sided and partial to existing car combat games that are already out there . I think that this is unfortunate for Motor Mayhem if people read and believe some of the -LSB- stuff -RSB- that has been said . Perhaps the people creating the reviews did not even play the game , because what I have seen and played is nothing like the negative that has surfaced . I love this very nice looking over the top kickin ' game . -LRB- Ray , fellow game junky -RRB-
 I bought this game a couple of years ago and I loved it!I still play it.I have unlocked Buzzsaw and some other stages.My favoritecharacter is Incubus.Incubus 's rival is Cornovaris.Incubus is a red robot on a motorcycle and Cornovaris is a guy with a helmeton a blue motorcycle.There are plenty of good weapons.Chain guns , Mines , Homing missles , Mini nukes , Machine guns , Plasma guns , And more!There are over 20 stages -LRB- some unlockable stages -RRB- There are some songs from the crystal method and some other band.This gamehas good graphics , sound , and play!There are 3 kinds of championchips.If you beat all three you can unlock buzzsaw ! -LRB- Buzzsaw is the boss on here -RRB- This is why I rate this game 5 stars.If I were you id rent or buy this game.Thanks.Stay -LRB- sic -RRB-
 this game is awesome . You have to get this game . The intense car combat is awesome . The graphics are great . There are tons of places to play at . I 'm playing it 24/7 . I got this game for less then 20 bucks and its an awesome game for a very little price . You can even unlock a new character named buzzsaw . My friend and I love this game . You should get this game right away .
 This game makes other games look horrible by comparison . Even though the story line is ... well there is n't any -LRB- Ok , actually there is , your a mutant cast out from society and you find refuge in this amazingly dangerous competition -RRB- , but who cares about the story line ? The gameplay on this is awesome ! You can choose a motor cycle , limo , steam roller , and other vehicals to blow competition away ! I do n't care what the reviewers say , everything in this game is completely destructable , from the arena 's scoreboard -LRB- talk about scary , imagine the scoreboard of your local sports arena times ten , falling down to break the arena floor while the whole stadium is hovering hundreds of feet in the air -RRB- to the ruins ' pillars supporting the roof . Along with the destructable arena , there are also destructable cars ! Once you get a cars hp down a little , chunks of the vehical start falling off everytime you get hit . There are a range of powerups , from homing missles to chain guns to pulse lasers to this wierd type of gun that fires a wall of bullets at the enemy . Also , each character has their own special attacks , like a light saber kind of thing that shoots out red balls of anti-matter energy and a lizard guys tail that shoots acid out of the tip . There are three modes
 this game is still a favorite over any other new gaming system today . motor mayhem is one of the sickest awesomeness games i have evr owned and will keep that title prob til the day i die . . highly recommend this to all
 PROS : - many levels , all with hidden secrets - unique style for a car combat game - tons of different weapons - cars have 3 specials instead of the usual one - nice pretty graphics , almost the SSX of car combat - not as morbid as TMB - play it around Christmas for a neat surpriseCONS : - loose control - only 1 hidden character - was in development for quite awhile , so should 've been more polished - `` arena '' style of levels makes you feel like you 're in the Truman Show rather than a real fight to the death - couldnt 've been released at a worse timeOverall
 This is one of the best Arcade style car combat games out there . Unlike Twisted Metal Black or RoadKill , it has a seriously fun feel thanks to clear , sharp graphics , pretty intuitive control setup and great sense of speed . It does n't have the dark ambiance or gratuitous gore of the others . So many driving games out there make you feel like you 're going 2 mph , this one is lightening fast when you have full boost.Arcade style driving is not real-world simulation . The vehicles should be fast and should be able to jump , practically fly and crash and remain virtually unscathed . This the game does really well , creating environments where you have to jump up to second levels to get the better weapons or health.The game allows you to simply play , choosing whatever unlocked arenas are available , as one of the many fantastical characters and vehicles . It 's supposed to be in the future and this is all reflected in the characters and style of arena , where an audience watches and applauds your demolitions.OR you can start a `` career '' with a particular character , going thru a series of combats . The first combat style is a `` last man standing '' with no respawns . The second is a series of one on one 's , with respawns allowed . The third is a combination of the previous two . When your character finishes their career a new arena is unlocked.The weapons are very fun . You always have a machine gun , but can pick up more powerful weapons such as a gauss canon , heat-seeking missles , mines , and a mini-nuke . The strategy is simple - learn the environment , which is nicely interactive - much of it is designed to be blown away to reveal jumps and weapons or health.The game has a two-player mode that allows you to try and kill and each other . It 's great to play against a human instead of an AI all the time ! But the AI 's are still there ready to blow you up or be blown away themselves.You may eventually get tired of this game , but if you like vehicular combat at all , I guarantee at least one night of total addiction ! It 's a good game for keeping around `` just for fun '' or large parties with friends who do n't play a lot of games beyond Dave and Buster types . The left analog control takes getting used to , as it is both turn left/right AND reverse , so I found myself accidentally reversing at first , but this passed quickly . I especially like the clarity of the graphics - like neon lights .
 I have played all the commander keen games , and I 'm glad they made a new one . This was a very fun game , and commander keen fan 's should try out this game .
 It is a fun adventure in space . It reminds me of `` Lost in Space . '' I wish it were a little bit longer and had more places to go to and explore . All in all , though , a good game .
 I have n't played the GameBoy version , only the PC version . It was so much fun , however , that when I was a little kid I played it on my computer all the time . The only dissapointment was that you get killed if you get hurt just once .
 I have got the pc version of this game and I must say , It is a little kiddish . But - very very fun . Get it . If you are bored , or in the car , pick up commander keen . It will provide hours of gameboy shooting and jumping and running . A definate 5-star !
 I loved Commander Keen so much because as soon as I finished one game I had to finish another .
 Do you like baseball . Well everyone has been saying that this game sucks but it really is better than what I expected from them.Graphics 9/10
 this baseball game is fun but at times it can be hard to play still a fun game to play .
 This game is alright . It is good because it 's one of the first sport games for PsP . The graphics are poor . The game play is pretty good though !
 I bought this for my husband and he loved it!Fast shipping too =-RRB- The game itself is awesome . But the format was kinda different , the game graphics seem smaller and was just situated right in the middle of the screen / compressed . But You 'll never notice it once you get to enjoy the game !
 This game ROCKS ! I have played alot.The thing i like most about this game is that thier are 2 disks.One for the soviets and one for the allies.Thats at least 10-13 hours gameplay , considering it is your first time.So basicly I recomend this game and is a good game for 10 bucks .
 I bought this game when it originally came out in 2000 , and I still think it is one of the most entertaining computer games out there . In addition to the standard scenarios , I really enjoy the limitless combinations of skirmishes that can be played against the computer or friends.However , I am running it on Windows 7 , and there is some compatibility issue that results in the game slowing down during scenes with explosions -LRB- particularly when the computer destroys my base ! -RRB- . Irealize the package only claims Windows Vista COmpatibility , but I was hoping it would work for Windows 7 as well ... which is why I only docked it one star -LRB- I figure many of the shoppers will probably be running Windows 7 now , which is why I am pointing this issue out -RRB- . To deal with this problem , there are a number of websites that address this issue , and it can be resolved by loading a patch and changing some graphic settings -LRB- the most consistent explanation I 've seen is that the newer 3D graphics processing is overkill for the 2D RA2 graphics , but I do n't really understand why this slows the game down -RRB- . If you have this problem , search Google and you can find a workaround.The bottomline is that this is a terrific game and after you get it working on Windows 7 , it is every bit as fun as it was in 2000 .
 i had this game a while back but the discs were scratched so i just set em aside for a few years . i was doing random searches and happened upon this game -LRB- had to have it ... impulse buy -RRB- . it was cheap , it was shipped quick , and it was just like i remember it being . lots of fun and there are two completely different campaigns so once you beat one you switch sides and keep on going . custom battles r fun to mess with too
 Great Strategy Game , like all the previous Westwood Titles . Die Hard RedAlert 1 fans will love the new enhancements , repairing bridges , garrisoning buildings , even the shortcuts at the bottom of the screen that provide quick access to functions , such as grouping and selecting of units , regardless of type or number . Deploying and guard mode -LRB- note
 This is a classic RTS game , and 9 years later , it 's still loads of fun to play .
 THis game is just plain awesome with 2 disks and awesome missions , its better than AGE OF EMPIRES .
 Not only is this the scariest game I have ever played , it might also be the most amazing game I have every played . Its got the whole deal
 Well , based on the story alone this game is worth getting.Despite the now dated graphics , it is still a far better game than the newer Clive Barkers `` Jericho '' . Although both games share a few familiar elements , like the main character being able to use magic and also having some skill with conventional weapons.This is a seriously under-rated game and should not be overlooked by anyone who wants to try something new and get freaked out at the same time.I highly recommend this to both survival horror fans and FPS shooter fans alike.The only downside is that some people may have trouble running this on some newer PC systems .
 Clive Barker 's Undying is the perfect example of how a good story could be told through a first person shooter . Granted this title is about 10 years old , but it 's done so well that it 's as enjoyable if not better than some of the games created these days . It harkens to an age where EA games actually cared about the products that they put out . Proof is in the pudding with Clive barker 's Jericho . Though it is a decent game and has all the Next Gen bells and whistles , its predecessor has leaps and bounds over it in enjoyable game play as well as storytelling . In conclusion Clive Barker 's Undying is a page that many game designers should take when creating current titles .
 This game has been a rollercoaster for me since purchasing it . At first , it ran way too fast . All of the movement and cutscenes seemed to run at double speed , which of course made playing the game tough . Granted , this is an old game , and running it on a newer system with dual CPUs proved to be too much . Finally , I realized that setting the affinity to one CPU enabled the game to run properly . I have not finished the game , but it presents with a great atmosphere , -LRB- although a little campy -RRB- , and has generally been a solid FPS for me so far . You must take into account that this is an old game and ca n't stand up to Crysis , Bioshock or the like , but if you like retro games like me , this is a good , solid pick up , just make sure you 're able to run it properly on your system .
 This is in my top 3 ultimate games . By far the most undersold game of it 's caliber . A real sleeper at the time of release . I was fortunate to give it a shot 8 years ago and have played it through a half dozen times over the years . Fantastic story , graphics work well , Charactors are amazing , atmosphere true horror . I ca n't rave enough about the dual handed magic/weapon ability . Shooting ectoplasm or a number of other spells while blasting with a shotgun is a good time . Everything is perfect.There is a way to check an option in the properties so this will run on a PC with XP better . Something that allows you to click to play in 98 or something . Ca n't recall specifics , but I did that and had no issue running it on XP . I really really wish they would release this one exactly the same except with modern day graphics . Ca n't imagine what an amazing game that would be then .
 I just bought the DVD version of Undying because I sold my first game.So , I installed it , but found it would n't run using XP , so I used the compatibility mode thing and am running it on Windows98 . Works great.Now , for the scared-silly part
 My sons have searched everywhere for this game , they played it many years ago on a playstation . They had since lost the game and wanted it so bad that after much searching I found it on Amazon . -LRB- my son are in their 30 's -RRB- They love the game , even though it 's older the graphics are fantastic . This is a PC game made for windows 7 . Download was easy and fast . it 's a action game you 'll want to play everyday , as they do .
 As a both a comic and video game geek , I can say that this game does n't fall short in either department . I has a lot of scenarios , characters , environments , and villains taken strait from the comics . The story itself is n't a comic , but does n't cause any major conflicts with them as some comic based games do . The plethora of characters wo n't disappoint any true comic fan . The game play is built sort of like an action RPG . You have your powerhouses like the Thing , speedsters like Spider-man , elemental -LRB- Mage -RRB- types like Ice Man and others . The game has its weaknesses . The story is OK , but not great . The gesture system is n't accurate as it should be , so you often wind up doing the wrong move . The game is also pretty short . You can beat the entire main story in about 15-20 hours . The good news is that even though its short , the deep customability makes for really high replay value . For example , after beating the game with you favorites , you can do it as the fantastic four , the x-men , the avengers , or just another random team . There are also story aspects that change based on the player 's actions . The CG cut scenes are also really well animated . Yes there are flaws , but there are aspects designed to compensate for them . For being a comic fan 's video game dream , they get a 4 out of 5 .
 This game is really good , you can unlock 140 Marvel Comics ' characters , and fight , every character has diferent attack moves and you can combine attack with other character , for example Collossus can pick up Wolverine and throw him against enemys , is really good , fun and interesting .
 we ordered this game for our 4 1/2 year old . he loves everything super hero . the game play for him was easy enough , and we had to have some serious discussions about video games not being real and if you hit a real person like you do in the game it would kill them , forever ... butall said it was a great family game for all of us . -LRB- two adults and one kid -RRB- some of the puzzles were a little hard for him , and of course we had to read most of the on screen dialog to him , but all in all it was a great family game . also , it 's not really mentioned in the game info , but this game has a kind of `` drop-in drop-out '' option which really comes in handy with little ones . we played mostly in the arcade mode , because it has a `` die and come back '' mode as opposed to a die and have to wait till a check point to revive a character mode , which a four year just is not going to take well.all in all the function of the game was great , as well as game play . the grafics were fantastic , as well as the storyline . and the violence in the game was about a 4 ... on a scale of 1 -LRB- lowest -RRB- to 10 -LRB- highest -RRB- .
 We got this game because my son loves Spiderman Friend or Foe so much , and we were told this one is similar . It is not quite the same and seems to be much more difficult to understand how to play . It is still a very fun game .
 First off , I 'd like to mention that I own both the PC and the Wii versions of this game . I purchased the PC version when the game was first released and this was the first game I purchased for use with my brand new Wii . As for gameplay , I did n't find the Wii controls hard to learn and I loved having the option to either push controller buttons for attacks or use the assigned remote movements . I also found gameplay with the Wii remote and nunchuck much more comfortable ; I could play for longer without my hands going crampy like they can with a traditional controller.I really liked that the game follows the X-Men
 Marvel : Ultimate Alliance is a truly well designed game . It features many of your favorite super heroes and has a great storyline . I like that you can create your own team of four from more than 21 playable characters . A little into the game you can either stick with the team you have or put together a team with certain combinations that have bonuses . If you pick a team that does not form a special combination then you can create your own team name and avatar and it will add a general bonus . Some combinations are femme fatale , with all females , there is the Avengers , X-men , and Fantastic four as well . There are many combinations that provide great team bonuses . I thought the controls on the other systems were easier , but once i got the hang of it , the wii controls become more satisfying . Never before have we had an rpg game with superheros that is so appealing . The x-men rpg was good , while the dc heroes ones like justice league were not . No other superhero game is more satisfying than Ultimate Alliance . I strongly recommend this game on any system , including the wii . One thing to note each system has a slight variation of characters . So each system features a slightly unique experience . I would check to see which system has the compliment of characters that you like the most . Also i thought replay value was good . Yes the game is scripted , but still very satisfying . I usually hate scripted games , but this is different . Replay is good for two reasons . You can try out countless combinations of teams , with their own unique abilities , and the gameplay is fun even on the second or third time . Secondly there is another feature ; throughout the game you can collect comic missions to play . Each mission is a solo mission by the character in question and usually has historical significance . There are at lest 40 missions to play , and you even can play using some villians . I felt that the comic missions were ok , but not as good as the rest of the game . you just seem to fight a bunch of common enemies over and over and that gets old . just common soldiers in different uniforms . yes there is a boss in the end , but it just is not all that satisfying , Still there is replay value . I think that the future holds even better games then Marvel : Ultimate Alliance , but for now this is as good as it gets .
 Being a mom of girls , action packed video games never made it to our home , but now since I have 2 son-in-laws and 3 grandsons , I decided to get this game for the guys . All I can say is they all love it , from my 5 yr . old grandson , my 2 son-in-laws 27 & 30 to my 50 yr . old husband . I like the fact that it is exciting and fun for all of them , and not difficult to play , easy enough for the 5 year old and challenging enough for the older guys . Great game
 The game is great the motion controls are a bit tough at first but you have the option of not using them at all . Overall great game to play with others .
 Originally I bought this for the Playstation 2 , but when I bought my Wii I thought , -LRB- A -RRB- it would serve as a good way to test the Wii-mote 's controls on an action game , -LRB- B -RRB- it included 2 of my all-time favorite comic heroes as playable characters -LRB- Moon Knight and Colossus -RRB- , and -LRB- C -RRB- it was on sale for $ 20 . Well , the controls were pretty comfortable as far as the standard melees go , but I found it hard to execute certain types of hits -LRB- usually , the heroes performed a trip move when I wanted the standard punch and vise-versa -RRB- . Also it was pretty hard to remember how to execute certain super powers . Some were easier than others to perform , like Captain America 's Shield Throw , but once again , the exact movements are n't always triggered correctly , so at different times I would perform some other , less effective moves . And each hero has an ultimate Super move , which I had no idea how to perform and at times went off at random moments.But this is still a pretty cool game . The graphics are n't the greatest if compared to the PS3 or 360 -LRB- but if I was concerned about the graphics , I would 've gotten either of those instead -RRB- , and once the controls are mastered , there is a lot of fun creating your own super hero group and sending them out to defeat the likes of Dr. Doom , Mephisto , Galactus and all sorts of other super villains.So overall , it 's a fun game . I liked it because of the deep roster of heroes I can play with -LRB- If only Punisher was included , I would 've had the ultimate team of street vigilantes with Spider-Man , Moon Knight , Daredevil , and Punisher . -RRB- , the controls could 've been tweaked a bit more to make more exact moves , but otherwise , it 's not bad for a first crack on an action-oriented game .
 For those of you who are fans of x-men legends , action RPGs , marvel comics , or all of the above , this game is for you . The gameplay is smooth and pretty much the same quality as its predecessor . The graphics on the wii are about the same as they are on the other platforms for this game , the only obvious difference is the controls are new.Pros + Decent story , decent graphics , accurate super powers , 4 player multiplayerCons - Controls are easy , but can be confusing or tedious during battle , character selection is a little limited as far as the massiveness of the marvel universe , would have liked to see more big name characters to play as . Game is a little on the short side , but multiplayer fun makes up for it . Camera movement is annoying . Game can be repetative or boring at times.The character choice is decent , I would have liked to see more big names like punisher , hulk , cyclops , etc , however there are still plenty of good choices like spider-man , wolverine , iron man , the fantastic 4 , captain america , etc.About the controls , do n't give up . There is a different motion that you use for each of your heros 5 powers , there are also 2 buffs and one super move for each character . To do the buffs or the super move , simply hold B and press C or Z to select which buff you want , and then press A while holding B , similar to the x-men legends control scheme . If you want to use one of your 5 special powers , you can do one of two things . First , hold B and do the motion with the wii mote that corresponds with that power . IE
 Originally , I was hesitant about this game , due to the troubling reviews . However , even with the biggest negatives -LRB- re
 I dont know what is up with the first reviewer ... this is a great game that uses the wii 's innovative controllers to its advantage ... and yes , I have played and currently own Marvel Legends.As far as controls go
 Great for the value . Realistically rendered characters . Elaborated scenes.My 7-year-old loved it in the beginning , but lost interest shortly after.Also if you 're looking for a game that would increase your child 's physical activity level , this is NOT the game . I 'd recommend StarWars - really engaging for both adults and children . I have it for a few months now , and my kid is not tired of it yet .
 For all the people who had a problem with the controls : You can also get around shaking the controller and get to all the special moves by holding down B , then cycling through the powers with Z . You then use your selected power by holding B and hitting A. It 's actually pretty easy . I wish a lot of the reviewers would have actually read the controller layout on the Options menu . Maybe then they would 've had a better experience.Review : I really enjoy the Marvel Universe and the story for this game was pretty engaging . My sister-in-law , her husband , and I got hooked on this game . We read the controller layout and practiced our moves in easy areas and did n't really have any controller issues . There were a few quirks with having 3-4 humans playing . You obviously all have to go the same direction , but sometimes one of us would miss a door or the stairs and the rest would have to backtrack a bit , but it did n't happen all that often . You do n't have that problem playing solo and it predictably happens less often with just 2 players . I would give the story 4-5 stars , the fun factor of playing with friends 5 stars , the voice acting 4-5 stars , and the graphics 4 stars -LRB- though I only have composite cables so I 'm only getting 480i -RRB- . It 's not an instant classic for non-Marvel fans though so I gave it 4 stars . When you beat the game , stay around for the credits . There 's some funny audio clips of the voice actors playing around as if their characters were the real voice actors .
 People have been saying it sucks because of controls , but if you just be patient this game is addicting and extremely fun . the upgrades and abilities of the characters are really cool because each has like 20 or more . i would buy it again .
 I have 6 boys who rotate through playing this game on four players . They think it is just the best thing since sliced bread , being Marvel fans and all . They LOVE this game . It is their very favorite of all games .
 I gave this to my 5 year old son , who is very into superheroes and he absolutely loves this game !! I got the game from the seller in a very timely manner and everything is up to the standards that I got it as .
 I really enjoyed this action video game . Originally it was intended to my little 40 something years old boyfriend but he 've got much fun just watching me play it .
 This game is a blast . . lots of different character combonations and overall just a ton of fun ... the original is always the best . . keep up the good work Marvel and Activision !!
 The game was brand new , still in the original package when I received it . This was also the best price compared to game stop and after bidding for it on ebay . Thanks !!!
 This was a fun way to play Marvel Ultimate Alliance in the Wii . I currently own it for Xbox 360 also . Reccommended for fans of Marvel comics/movies .
 I loved the game from start to finish , Spiderman being my favorite . I would recommend Ultimate Alliance to anyone who loves action .
 The game is very fun the added characters are great . But it took a very long time to deliver and i paid for fast delivery and it took about a week and a half .
 Marvel has had a lot of success in the video game industry , and a lot of failures too . I 'm a big Marvel fan , and what I can say about this game is that it 's the best damn Marvel game you 're gon na play . Of course , I do n't expect you to be a fan of ALL of the characters in this game . I have n't even heard of a lot of the characters in this game , especially the cheesy enemies . But you can really learn a lot about the Marvel Universe just by listening to the dialogue and learning from your mistakes in the trivia . I 've learned a lot about all of the different characters after beating the game . Now I can understand the segment in Robot Chicken about the Watcher . It is VERY fun to play with more than one person , because you can team up with the computer or just stick to two/three people , or even play with FOUR people . Marvel fan or not , this game is way too awesome not to own . I ca n't wait for the second one , and if you 're reading this when Ultimate Alliance 2 already came out , then I definitely have it !
 My kids go this and have played over and over ... they just loved it . The graphics are pretty good and overall a very fun game to play .
 This game is good all away around . The controls are fine , The only part I was disapointed with was when is that there are some characters that can only be played on certain consoles ie Hulk is not playable on the wii version . Anyways has a good story , decent amount of destruction , and the choices in the game affect the story out come .
 I read all these reviews before buying this game for my wii system . I was concerned about all the negative talk about camera control and and wiimote not responding , but I figured for 20 bucks its worth a shot . It is true that the camera control on the nunchuk makes it a little more difficult . After a fight sequence sometimes I would get turned around and not sure of the direction I was going , but it is a minor problem . Overall I think this is a fun game and well worth the money .
 To quote Gamespot 's review
 Marvel Ultimate Alliance delivers a fun , action-packed gaming experience . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . Some other reviews gave it a lower rating because Wolverine was n't `` realistic '' . LOL ! This is a Super Hero game ! Of course it is n't gon na be realistic . Have you seen Spider-Man scale buildings in real life ?
 Grandchildren loved it and spent hours and hours playing . I could hear them laughing and talking while enjoying the game .
 This video game was ordered as a bundle created by my fiancee and myself . We are both huge fans of video games , and all of the games ordered on Amazon arrived on time and in brand new condition . We are very satisfied with the games , and continue to enjoy playing them even a year after their original purchase !
 Like my previous review which was blocked by amazon.com The game is awesome but the game did not come with a game manual and that WAS NOT IN THE DESCRIPTION OF THE GAME PRODUCT WHEN ADVERTISED FOR SALE !!!! I do not like when a vendor lies and then amazon.com covers up the vendors lies sounds like a conspiracy to me on amazon.com 's part ! I strongly suggest contacting seller and get complete info before buying from this dishonest seller and I am not changing my review either this is a free country free speech our 1st amendment rights , and so why is amazon.com acting like the gestapo or cia and blocking my free speech sounds like another news media issue to expose amazon.com and their deceptive practices !!!!!!!
 I suppose this game really depends on if you like the angsty , oh-my-god-death-eaters-run ! plot or a more child-oriented , live like a rebel kid , plot . I love both . In this game , you can duel anybody you run in to really , as well as take tests -LRB- easy if you watch Yu-Gi-Oh ! or Yu-Gi-Oh ! GX at all -RRB- . The funnest thing is probably dueling teachers ... -LRB- REVENGE !!! -RRB-
 well fist of all you actualy live in a dorm!more then just dueling pasa tests buy cards make friends etc.duel over 10 exsedingly difficult oponents.the only downside is that people do n`t use the decks hey use on the TV showbye !
 The game was great , fun and pretty much enjoyable , already sold my DS with this one on it , but it was kinda deal maker
 This game was very fun . Easy game play and fun collecting cards and battles . It could be kind of slow when battle at times . There 's a lot of animation that you ca n't skip and you just have to sit through it and wait . It worth the $ 10 I played it for it .
 YUgioh gx is going to be the best game ever thats yugioh !! You do n't have to face the same old guy over and over again ! And finally they put elemental heros in a game . But the downside is you can lose the game easier if you do n't put in a safe place . Overall this is a pretty good game ! Must have for Jaden lovers !
 Is n't it kind of gorey when that guy gets his head blown off ? Rated E ?????
 I cant wait until it comme out cas wen it does i might wet my pants . I have $ 50 ready to buy it
 I loved it . I rented it and it did n't work . I looked at the booklet for it and I saw Chazz . I liked that . : - -RRB-
 but it knowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 Okey , the graphics are now somewhat dated . A lot can change in 6 years , but they 're quite tollerable & very fun to look at . When I read previews for the upcomming Bioshock & old reviews on Grim Fandango ; they reminded me of this . It 's part 3ed Person Shooter & mostly adventure . There really are n't enough AI to stand in your way earlier on . You biggest & moct consistant danger throughout the game is falling to your death . Latter you 'll have to deal with drowning , being eaten , & being squished by gigantic projectiles . Unlike most fighting games , the environment is you 're worst & most challenging enemy . Despite limited exploring you may still become lost . If you play RTS games & find smothering same-looking enemies over & over to become boring , do n't worry ; this can be ammusing & strategicaly stimulating.The scenery looks so awesome & unique it almost puts the Harry Potter games to shame . The voice acting is excelent & well suiting , though Cheshire 's dialogue is vague & a bit cheesy , but the use of riddles stays true to the book . The flame effects are still realistic , there are all sorts of amusing & interesting things to watch like the insane children in the fortress & traveling through an anthill . You get a limited number of weapons but they 're unique & each has a basic & a secondary attack , but if you jump , aim at the floor , or point up , you create new attacks that are not only very fun to watch , but can be terribly ammusing . It 's reccomended that you develop a strategy using particular weapons against particular enemies or groups vs individuals . Alice will also interact with weapons differntly when left idol.There are 8 levels , but they can last for days even with it 's moderate difficulty -LRB- like I said , falling/drowning/being crushed/eaten are your biggest threats & you will likely die again & again -RRB- . The soundtrack & sound effects are 2 more kudos to the game . Take the time to listen to them . Also , the cut-scenes are watch-worthy , so do n't skip over them.I most reccomend this game to girls , fans of twisted fairy tails , fans of Alice in Wonderland/Looking Glass Land , people who are just starting PC gaming , people who want a soft taste of a shooter game , or someone bored with combat & modern-realistic graphics who just wants a fun game with a good story.Cons
 There comes a time for every gamer that when playing the same genre of games becomes boring . As we become less sensitive to more of the same FPS , RTS , RPG 's , we begin to look for games that offer an utterly new and novel experience.Alice is such a game , and it will make the most jaded gamer feeling stimulated and engaged . Its graphics are old -LRB- made in 2000 -RRB- , yet it is good enough that many parts of it seem to rival more recent games like Microsoft 's Fable ; its graphic relies more in ingenious design rather than technological breakthroughs . The story draws you in from the beginning right away , it 's a highly nightmarish journey through a distorted Wonderland to the final confrontation with the Red Queen . Like other thematic games such as Half Life 2 , the final boss presents itself subtly at the very beginning by having its evil web of tentacles laid throughout Wonderland -LRB- much like the cloud-penetrating Citadel in HL2 -RRB- . The cut-scenes , dialogs are very poetic , and reflect the tone and the theme of the story very well.Wonderland is merely a fabrication of Alice 's childhood imagination , but an familial accident left her numb and comatose that her mind is deeply disturbed . The Wonderland the gamer will play through will accentuate all of Alice 's negative and disturbing feelings and emotions such as anger , guilt , and most of all fear . Such themes alone make the game worthwhile , and further emphasizes to the average Joe like me how catastrophic and crippling these negative emotions can be . But like i said , the graphic , sound , and playability are all outstanding .
 I ca n't get enough of this game . I 'm surprised at all the different weapons alice has at her disposal . GREAT GAME .
 someone stole my original copy of alice , so i needed a replacement . although this did n't come with any of the printed materials from the original , i still had mine , so it was no bother to me .
 I played this game a long time ago for my PC but no longer had the game ... I found this version and purchased it . It ran perfectly on my computer and reminded me of the terror of Wonderland from my youth . Great purchase , I am so happy to have found it !
 I 'm perfectly happy with the game . It plays really well , and the character design is ver interesting . The design for the settings are also pretty fascinating . It 's so surreal and dark , I ca n't help but love it . Plus , the premise is pretty cool . I have n't finished the game yet , but it seems like it 's sort of a journey to make Alice sane again through fixing her Wonderland .
 Had a difficult time finding it but glad I did . Its a fantastic FPS with great graphics and grand levels
 Yeah , it is older but what a gem . I loved playing this game !
 The graphics are old now , but it was top of the line at it 's release . Fighting is easy ... main problem I had was falling off stuff . Overall
 This game definitely brings back memories.One of my favorite fps with a great single player and an intense multi player . Absolutely love this game.However , running it on Windows 7 proved a bit tedious . For any of those looking for a blast of the past , try just sticking to single player . To play online , you need to download a companion program and although it is possible that I may have made a mistake , this companion program made the game unplayable after awhile . I was able to play online for a bit and there certainly is not as many people playing on the servers . Very rare organized team attacks and most act as a lone wolf , certainly not what it used to be.After a couple weeks of playing , all of the text and words disappeared . Such as , in the main window , you could still press the `` Single player '' or `` Multi player '' button but you had to do it by memory as the buttons were all blank . I tried reinstalling via the instructions off the companion programs website , but nothing worked.If possible , just play single player . Online is not worth it anymore . Great game !
 First off
 This game is awesome ! I love the variety of weapons , characters , and arenas . This game deserves a rating of more than 5 stars . This game is not only challenging , but exiting and thrilling ! My friends and I play this game every weekend together and we are pleased by the great graphics and game flow .
 As a VO : OT fanatic and a member of the `` Auburn Virtual On Crew '' I can say that the game play is seriously compromised by the controller . But there is good news ! Twin sticks were produced by SEGA for the Dreamcast ! They usually go for around $ 99 on other web sites . Hopefully Amazon.com will get them so the game can get the high praise it deserves . I play this game daily either at home or in the arcade and the `` twin sticks '' are a must have ! Playing without them is like playing DDR without the dance pad!The reason the game is so difficult without the `` twin sticks '' is the game was designed around them . Also if you are really hard core like me check out the `` DC link cable '' it allows you to link 2 Dreamcasts and two TV 's for vs. play just like in the arcade!All in all I give this game the highest rating for complex and innovative gameplay -LRB- with the twin sticks -RRB- , infinite replay value , stunning graphics , and loads of fun and competition with friends !
 I played this game when it was an arcade game way back in the day and loved it!It is a little different then the arcade and the controls take a little getting used to but a fun game overall
 Who said you need nextegen consoles for having serious fun ? I just bought a dreamcast and got this game with twinstick . What can I say ? It absolutely rocks and is considered one of the best dreamcast games and one of the best arcade games ever.I played first with the pad and it 's very playable too , just need some practice . Then I found on the web the rare twinsticks and ... oh . . my ! I played for two hours . . it 's completely different and amazing and the actions so amazing fast . Real 60 fps . By the way , Dreamcast was a very impressive console . I recommend this game to everybody . A piece of game history . It rocks ! If you wan na play real HEAVY . . come HEAVY . . so you got to buy twisticks for all the moves and tricks ; - -RRB-
 I remember playing the first one on Sega Saturn but this one is even better . The battles are high speed and awesome !
 Virtual On rocks !! The controls take some getting used to and the Dreamcast holds up pretty well to this end . The graphics are AWESOME , the action is FAST and the game is TIGHT ! If you have finished beating Soul Calibur for the millionth time and you 're ready for a real 3D challenge then pick this up . This game is a gem from the far east , do n't let it slip by.Did I mention that the animation is silky smooth , the graphics are some of best that the Dreamcast can produce and action is fast and furious . The frame rate never drops below the standard 60 and this makes for some great action . The time and effort taken to produce each Mech is seen in the level of detail for each character . The character backround stages are also exceptional which makes for some serious eye candy . This game looks GOOD!If you had second thoughts then sweep them away and get this , you wo n't regret it !
 Well most people have been complaining about the twinstiks but YOU DO N'T NEED THEM they are not necesarry it took me 10 minutes to get better than i was with the twinstiks . the people who have been whining about the twinstiks are probably BAD GAMERS and do n't know how to use the controller in any other game
 When I played the original Vurtual On , I was amazed . When I heard they were coming out with a new one for DC , I could n't wait . I got it as soon as it came out and I still play it . This game rocks . Once you are used to the controls you are ready for action . No twin sticks needed , it is still just as fun . This game is extremely fast paced though . You do n't want to blink . It is best played multiplayer . The single player mode is -LSB- notvery good -RSB- . But everything else is great . In conclusion , this game is defenately true to the original . Still the best fun possable .
 Sega dishes out yet another amazing port from their awesome arcade cabinets . Virtual-On
 Virtual On
 If you like robots than automatically you will like this game . It has features like storymode , verses , traning , watch a computer generated battle , replay the every thing that you played sensed you turned your dreamcast on or saved data like after a fight you did good on it will say save right after it and you could replay the whole intire battle . And there is options . The bad thing about this game is that its not that long , but that depends if you get tired of things quickly.This is the best fighting game yet . Also this game is great with the tremor pak . SO BUY THIS GAME NOW !
 It 's finally here in the states . After Sega refused to bring the sequel to Virtual On out in the stateside arcades , the American public is ready to see the wonder that is Juro Watari 's Virtual On Oratori Tangram.Beautiful lush graphics , and some of the most interesting mecha design are all but a fraction of what you 're getting . One on one 3-D fighting just ca n't get any better.The game is NOT arcade perfect as they seem to want you to believe , but it 's just picky little things like shadows , and toned down weapons . The gameplay remains unchanged , and that 's what counts . It 's minor differences that only the super hard core arcade gamers will complain about , or notice . -LRB- the biggest being transperancy -RRB- The only catch , to this is the game was originally meant to be played with two joysticks , with two buttons on each one . Trying to take that configuration and assign it to a control pad can make for some frustrating experience . The learning curve , is like any other fighter . It 's pretty steep , and not only takes a lot of practice , but is something completely different than playing Street Fighter , or Tekken . If you can sit down and learn all the game has to offer though , it wo n't be time wasted.I did n't see any VGA adaptor compatability on the back of the box , but unless Activision took it out , I advise that you play it on a VGA monitor if possible . I really does look that much better.The only thing keeping it from five stars is the fact that Activision took out the Network option , and is n't planning on releasing a Vs. cable box to link two Dreamcasts together and play , or the sticks . -LRB- They 're passing the buck to some third-party company who is willing to look into it . -RRB- Activision is suppose to have a good track record of adding stuff to games as they come out here . A very disapointing effort on their part.But the important part is that they ca n't butcher the game itself . 60fps , wonderful animation , and deep game play make this one of the best Dreamcast titles yet . It 's not for everyone , but sure is fun .
 Most people say this game NEEDs the twin sticks but you cant play it with the twin sticks you wouldnt be able to do special moves or combos or anything ! If your a mech lover the just get this game otherwise go buy put-put mini golf .
 I bought the import version of this game , and considering the game is almost a year old in Japan , its amazing how fun this game is . If you like 3D fighting games , and you 're a Japanese anime maniac , you 're gon na really dig this game . You basically pick a virtuaroid -LRB- virtual robot -RRB- , and lock horns with another opponent . One player mode will take you through 10 battles , with a boss at the end of the ground and space battles . Fire missles , beam weapons , super shots , fists , whatever it takes from long range . If your opponent is too crafty , rocket in close and engage in metal hand-to-metal hand combat . The action is extremely hyper paced as you use booster rockets to maneuver and evade salvo after salvo of enemy fire . There are boxes about the arena so you can take a quick breather , while you check all your nuts and bolts . You 'll have to think about your attacks as all weapons must recharge at different speeds , forcing you to use better strategy and aim . There are some incredible special attacks . My favorite is Angelan 's energy dragon -- a huge dragon is summoned and soars toward your opponent showering virtual destruction upon them . The characters are mostly all unique with the exception of 2 identical ` bots that carry different weapons . The polygons in the characters are Virtua Fighter level , a little boxy which is okay since they are robots . Some of the designs are more slick than others . All are created by the designer for the Gundam cartoon series . Gameplay infinitely surpasses the intensity of a mecha duel from say ... Macross , Gundam , etc. . . The arenas are graphically a little behind current dreamcast games , although they make up for it in the richness of colors , and diversity of locations . Perhaps the American version will spice up the scenery a little . There is a versus mode , internet play , and a customizable mode . The customizable mode allows you to choose your colors , and your logo . There are about 50 preset logos and you can use a painting feature to alter or create your own , which can be saved via VMU . Look for acclaim to possibly alter the controls some . Its a bit hard to do a stationary turn around sometimes with the standard controller . Since most Americans probably wo n't be into buying a $ 70 arcade twin stick control , its safe to assume this issue will be addressed . If not you 'll make the turn with some practice and clever use of your booster rocket combined with the analog stick . Also the difficulty could be tweaked down just a little . I had it on the easiest setting -LRB- 1-out-of-10 -RRB- and have yet to beat the final boss `` Tangram . '' What 's a Tangram ? -LRB- think of Unicron the planet killer from the Transformers animated movie back in the '80s -RRB- . All in all this game should be a huge hit with American gamers who might not be familiar with mech fighters , and should spark up some feirce online gaming should it be available on the American version . Its already a classic in Japan .
 If you 're a fan of big robot anime and fighting games , do n't even bother reading the rest of the review - just go buy the game.Still here ? Okay , let me get my main complaint about the game out of the way first . The game was designed to be played in the arcade with a pair of joysticks referred to as twinsticks . The twinsticks are somewhat like dual sticks used to control a tank and without them , the game suffers . Supposedly some third party companies are looking into making them , but until they do , the control in Virtual On can be a little unwieldly.On the plus side , however , it is a flashy and impressively deep robot combat game with bright graphics and a constant barrage of action in one-on-one duels . Fans of Gundam Wing and Robotech will certainly get their kicks here.That 's really what it boils down to . Fans of big robot anime will love this game unequivocably ; fans of action games will love it and overlook its faults ; easily frustrated gamers should rent first .
 This is an awesome game and it probably will not disappoint the majority of you . I hear people complaining about not being playable without the twin sticks . I do n't think that is true . Yeah , it does n't beat the experience of the game with the twin sticks but the game is still very playable . You do n't need to use analog stick to rotate because the game allows you to turbo and as soon as you shoot , it automatically turns you torwards the opponent . Same with jumping . This method is actually faster because if you just stand there and rotate , it 's slower than dashing and shooting . Only problem is with moves that need you to rotate -LRB- temjins circular swing -RRB- are impossible to do at the right time since having to stand still will cause you to be a sitting duck . Other than those problems , the game is a blast . You might need to give the controls some time before you are used to them . Overall this is a great game -LRB- gameplay , graphics , sound all of it is awesome -RRB- , 5 stars if they had the twinsticks but still enjoyable nonetheless .
 Let 's get a couple details out of the way -- I 've never played VOOT in the arcade , and have never played it with Twin Sticks . Yes , the Dreamcast controller takes some getting used to , and I bet it IS easier with the Sticks -- but I do n't have 'em . Result
 Firstly , I have to admit that what got my attention about this game was the rather weird title . That caused me to do quite a bit of research , and I finally bought the game after seeing the many mixed reviews.There is a nearly cult-like following surrounding Virtual On
 This is one great game ! Virtual on is by far my favorite game ever ! It has excellent graphics , sound , and most of all controls.Most people think that VO : OT ca n't be played without twin sticks . This is simply not true . The DC controller is a great way to start out with virtual on . Most attacks and combinations can be learned on the controller . However , without twinsticks it is IMPOSSIBLE to play this game at high levels . Being a member of AVC -LRB- Auburn Virtual On crew -RRB- I am fortunate enough to play with some of the best Virtual On players in the US and believe me , twinsticks ARE necessary at tournament level . Some moves and combos are completely impossible without them and will never be seen unless you have them.Please do n't let this discourage you from buying this game ! It takes alot of time , months or even years to move up to the highest levels of playing . I 've been playing for well over a year and I 'm just now getting good!And besides , it 's a beautiful game ! The graphics are n't quite as nice looking as the arcade version , but it 's as close as you can get on a home system . It 's especially nice with the VGA box , which I 'm sure Amazon sells :-RRB- It never slows down , and the control set and timing is exactly like the arcade . You ca n't ask for a better translation . It 's a shame that activision removed network versus and customize modes . And cable versus is only accesible through a code . But the game makes up for it with a great training mode and plenty of options.I hope this review has helped in the decision to buy this game . This is a game that no Dreamcast owner or giant robot fanatic should be without !!!
 I really do n't want to type what everyone else is saying -LRB- the game is awesome , great graphics , sound , ya-da , ya-da , ya-da -RRB- , but I want to show people how to get some `` twin sticks '' for VO : OT . Just buy the Saturn arcade sticks , get a Saturn/Dreamcast controller converter , and Voila ! Twin Sticks !! They may not be as perfect as its heavier counterpart , but it sure beats nothin ' at all .
 I want to start off by saying I 've been playing Virtual On for about 3 1/2 years and VO : OT for about 7 months . I wanted to address a few issues to clear up any doubts people have about the controls on the home version . I play VO : OT in the arcade on an almost daily basis here in Seattle -LRB- its across the street from my house -RRB- and I also have the Dreamcast version . I 've heard people say that playing on the DC pad is very hard to get used to and It 's very unintuitive . Try getting used to the sticks ! It takes months of playing to really learn any of the mechs in fine detail no matter which control setup you use . If you keep at it the games ingenious fighting system becomes very apparent and you eventually achieve a state where you feel as if you ARE in the mech . You wo n't even notice the controller anymore . And while I learned in the arcade , there are several manuevers that are actually easier on the DC pad . Moves like jump cancelling -LRB- the best , fastest way to keep them in your sight -RRB- , crouch moves -LRB- ie : Apharmd B crouching knockdown bomb -RRB- , or Temjin 's aerial super -LRB- that cool surfboard thingy -RRB- are way faster and easier to time with the control pad . There is no need to ever touch the analog pad . -LRB- Note to all reviewers
 Virtual On , one of the best mech games ever created , only second or third to games like ZOE2 . Prior to its reputation being humiliated , degraded , and shat on , with the release of `` Virtual On
 If u r a spiderman fan u would probably like this game i am not particualy but i still think this game is fun , the controls are easy for beginers i should know this is the first game i got for playstation , it is realy short i can beat it in 45 min . the codes are awesome though , EEL NATS will give you everything , you collect comic books throughout the game , and the storyline is alright , the combo web moves are awesome , the bosses you fight include scorpion , rhino , venom , mysterio , doc ock , carnage , monster ock overall this game is good i recomend you buy it , rent it , or borrow it from a friend
 I would highly recommend buying this game . When I fisrt played the game I counld n't put it down . The toughest part of the game is learning the controls , but over all it 's a awesome game to play .
 This game is so awesome !!!! Its great for the fun missions and challenges and you get all of the great powers and abillities that he has on the show to thwart your enemys evil plans.Great classic bosses and there is even a brand new villian that is spawend at the very last mission that is almost unstopable !! My most favorite parts of the game is where Venom -LRB- one of spidies worst enemys -RRB- always comes out of nowhere and he has to face him like 3 times in the game do to the fact that he is one of the most important characters in this game who helps push the plot forward.The plot and story is great and awesome and it really gets you into the game , I couldent even set down the controler !! But of course ... I had beaten it in one day -LRB- which was the first day I got it -RRB- because sadely it is not that long of a game but guess what !! I just picked up the controller and played it again.The web slinging isint as funn as they say it is but theres a part is the game involving spidie and a police helocopter in a sweet sky scraper chase.The boss in this game that gets on my nerves the most is carnage , I always have trouble beating him.Even though the game is short , the great characters and plot/story makes up for it.Great game , and you can even climb walls and stealthly sneak up on a badie and drop down and knock him out , its great.I cant wait till I get part 2 , im sure it wont be as good as the first but it 'll be preety awesome.This game is a must have for all of those web-head fans out there .
 Spider-Man has great gameplay along with the storyline , and at points it has a bit of a challenge for an `` E '' rated game . Personaly I feel that a child would have trouble solving some of the puzzles . My only complaint is that I whipped right threw it . I beat it every time I play it , and have beaten it with all the costumes . If your looking for a less-challenging game with low amounts of violence , this just might be the game for you .
 My son and I love playing this game . He is five , and still was able to learn to play and enjoy the game . It offers lots of action , and not too much negative stuff . No blood and gore.The story is intriguing , and the fighting , swinging , climbing , shooting , searching , chasing , solving and exploring is loads of fun.I want to find more games like this one .
 Great game but the thing is its to short I completed it in ... 2days . My favorate charicter is Venom esspecialy for his humor and that `` What if contest '' cheat . -LRB- ... -RRB- wheres that question mark well any way I was laughing like mad after I saw Cat dancing ! well my 10mark 10 being the highest and 1 being the lowest I give it a 9 . Shorty tall Patrick .
 This is by far the best super hero video game ever . My brother and I liked the story as much as the action . The bad guys are great and fight differently . You really get excited . There are plenty of levels of difficulty to play . Kid Mode is very easy with even 5 year olds able to play it . You will like it alot .
 To echo a previous reviewer , I too was psyched about the potential this game had to offer after playing the demo . Anticipation aside however , there are certain game elements that I would have changed . Spidey compass for one ... hint
 Neversoft has really outdone themselves this time!This game is just cool . That 's the best way I can describe it . It is a 3D third-person game , but it has little in common with most 3D `` shoot-em-up '' games that rely on blood and guts and big guns for entertainment . Spiderman , in all his good-natured glory , is a more wholesome hero who still finds time to kick some major villianry.Speaking of the villians , you 'll get your handful . I 've only had this game for a couple of days , but Venom , Rhino and Lizard have all tried for a piece of Spidey , and there are implications of showdowns with Doc Oc and Carnage to come . Using a variety of attacks -LRB- my personal favorite is slinging a web at the enemy and using it like a rope to hurl him into a wall -RRB- , you 'll find that Spiderman is outnumbered , but not outmatched.Actually , the `` in-between '' parts when Spidey 's not duking it out with the bad guys are EVEN BETTER . In an early section of the game , Spiderman must use his finesse and web-slinging mojo to trounce from skyscraper to skyscraper as he evades NYPD and helicopters . Usually , you 'd want to take your time as you sling your way through the city at unnerving heights , but if you stop too long in one place , you 'll most certainly get gunned down . Using instincts and quick decision-making , I was literally breathless when I finally made it to temporary safety.I also found the replay factor to be high . I initially played this on a friend 's playstation for three hours . When it was time to go , rather than save the game on his memory card , I opted to start over from the beginning because seeing it all over again was so darn fun ! I think anyone considering this game will find it to have an interesting plot , a fast pace , and lots of eye candy . My friend mentioned at one point in the game that watching me play the game was kind of like watching a movie . Even the training mode and hall of comics are worthy supplements to the game . It is definitely worth a look .
 I 've been a Spiderman fan and a gamer for years . This one brings the two together in a big , big way . Multiple costumes -LRB- for those who enjoy a departure from the red & blue -RRB- , villans abound , and there 's plenty of that great Spidey humor . From the rooftops of Manhattan to the subway tunnels below , the action keeps coming . There have been a lot of games out there that have trashed a perfectly good franchise . This one will make you forget them . Graphics , gameplay , and good times . All in a days work , for the amazing spiderman .
 this is the greatest game i have ever played people have differentopinions but i think spiderman is better than spiderman 2enter : electro .
 This game is cool . Its really fun to play . If you are a spiderman fan , this is a good game to get .
 This game is cool . Its really fun to play . There are many different levels to play . There are different villans to play against like venom , doc oc , rhino , & carnage . You can interact with Marvel characters such as daredevil & black cat . There are 4 difficulty levels to choose from : Kid Mode , Easy , Medium , Hard . When I first played it , I beat it in 1 day -LRB- on easy mode . -RRB- It is n't too hard on hard mode , but its a little more challenging . After you baet the game , you can get a new spidey costume . You can collect a comicbook on every level to reveal something about that partcular comic book . There is also a trainig mode which is good to work on survivalpractice , target practice and see how many bad guys you can kill in a certain amount of seconds . The only bad thing is that the green goblin isnt in it . If you are a spidey fan , this is a good game to get . Its worth the money , even though its pretty easy .
 ... WOW ! I love spider man and know his entire history -LRB- and most of the villain 's history to -RRB- . Now this game is a must have for spidey fans and action lovers . It 's great for parnets to kid kids -LRB- no blood folks ! -RRB- and wonderful to rent . It 's short though , but theres a spider man 2 : enter electro ! Plus i think Venom -LRB- a blue alien/human with both halfs hating spiderman -RRB- is funny too . So grab some money and swing on over to your local video game store because my classic game senses are tingling
 The wall crawller has really brought fun to plastation this is one of the best games . Simply because spidey jump from roof to roof and , because of the villans like carnage , doc-oc , and venom.But they could 've did a little better on the grafics like Black Cat 's face and the lizards . but overall this is one of the best games on ps1 .
 Well I thought Spider man was a really good game . Its the type of game you play if you are sick of just shooting people and just wan na kick some ... with your best weapons : your fists and web shooters . I think that this game is a real winner.I ca n't wait to get Enter Electro .
 This is a extremely fun game with only three drawbacks . The main drawback is the game angles . Wall climbing with the angles becomes awfully confusing . The second drawback was only four webmoves that actually help harm your opponent . The last drawback was the last level is almost impossible without memorizing the passageway and where to shoot your webbing to get out of the building in time . This takes many tries . The good things about this game are the variety of suits , training mode and the fun bosses and bad guys that you have to fight . I just love punching thugs off the side of a building . The most fun suit is the suit allows you to become invisible . The bosses are Scorpion , Carnage , Doctor Ock , Monster Ock , Rhino , Venom and Mysterio . I suggest you buy it .
 This game rocks!Graphics rock , attacks for Spidy rock ... Over all buy it !! I wonder if they will come out with Sider-Man Two for PS1 -LRB- hint hint hint -RRB- .
 Movies , bad villians , unhappy cohorts , and cool costumes ! Spider-Man will brighten any gamer 's day with the webbing , the kicking , and the funny pain of other bosses ! If you have n't heard of this superhero , rent the game , and you 'll be at a video game store with -LSB- price -RSB- in your pocket .
 This game is almost as fun as Skateboarding ! I love the graphics and the talking and most of all how well Activision and Neversoft made Spider-Man able to do so many different things . You really have to hand it to the creators of this one . The game may not be as fun as THPS II or Metal Gear Solid but it still kicks butt .
 I hate RPGs and I love this game !!!!!!! The camera angle SUCKS and no one really has fingers -LRB- this really does n't matter -RRB- . As you collect comic book covers , you unlock secret costumes that has different abilities . If you do n't really want to get the covers
 Spider Man by Activision is the best game I ever played.I love the bosses , that you get to fight including scorpion , venom , and rhino.If you go to ... you can get cheats for a lot of video games including Spider Man.Some of the codes that you can get for Spider Man , are infinite web and infinite health.I would recommand this game for kids ages 7-13 . Spider Man is an excellent game.There are so many cool things that Spider Man can do in this game like use his spidey sense to detect danger from a distance.Also he can climb walls , and swing around the city with his web.Thats why I give this game 5 stars.GREAT GAME !
 This is the best comic book game out there . The actors capture the characters perfectly . Especially Spider-Man . The graphics are great for Playstation . It 's just a fun game to play . Oh , and for the people who are THPS fans , this game is run on the same engine .
 I have to admit . I 'm a huge fan of Spider-Man . For me , he embodies the heart and soul of what a real comic book character should be . The reality that his demeanour is set in and the fact that he 's so accessible to anyone out there , truly points to the fact that he is by right the most successful comic creation ever . My first ever comic book was a Spidey one and since then , he struck me as the character to look for in all media.Recently the character has experienced an upsurge in his fame with a brand new animated series , complete revamp of his comic series -LRB- though not successful at first , it 's slowly starting to heat up -RRB- and the movie that 's due out by the summer of 2002 . But what better way to bring the character to life and enjoy full control of him than through this amazing game by ACTIVISION.Let 's start things off with the characters . You get to see most of the major baddies and a number of Spidey 's supporting cast . All you JJ fans will be pleased . You also get to see different takes on some of them , but you have to play the game to know how . How well do they interact with each other ? EXCELLENTLY . Spidey holds true to gis classic wittiness and quick repartee , be it beating up thugs , running from the police and even when mumbling to himself on how things are getting from bad to worst true to the famous Parker luck . One of the funniest one-liners and interactions have got to be with VENOM . He is down-right menacing , sick and laugh-out-loud-wet-your-pants funny . I loved him at times more than Spidey and at times I was rooting that he may actually start eating brains if I lost my fight with him . You never lose the fun factor when he 's around . All the other characters hold true to their comic-book personas and you just ca n't believe your eyes and ears when they walk the walk and talk the talk . JJ fans you really get a bonus seeing this guy in action.Storyline ? This is a perfect , successful rendition of a comic book and animated series put together . The combination works and it works right . Loose ends ? Why do n't you play it to know wherte those are and what they mean?Animation ? And here 's the thing on that . This is an action game like no other I have ever played in my life . The fluidity in which Spidey moves from one place to another is spectacular . You just ca n't get enough of him jumping from one side to another . He gives you full control of his actions and you just want to explore that even further . His webbing is also cool and can be subjected to different forms . You want to web someone with threads ? You got it . You want to spin a web ball that has a stronger impact ? Spidey 's your guy . You want to huddle in a web coccoon and let you enemies huddle around and then blow them to smithereens coming out of it ? He does that too . His web-slinging action is fine and completely true to classic Spidey moves . The only downside of the graphics is the fact that during the video streams , all the characters ' hands are in a fist and you can never see them in a more realistic finger-like form . You think with all those other good stuff , you 'd be nagging about this ? I think not.This game is excellently produced , animated and rightfully told . Just listening to living legend Stan Lee narrating you through the storyline is enough to make a true believer out of you . You ca n't go wrong by buying this game . Even if you 're not a fan , after the experience you 'll get playing this game , you 'll wish that you 've always been one .
 What bad can one say about spider-man , geeky pete parker saving gotham . . Er New york from evil thingys in a halloween costume . The idea is stupid but combine it all into a fair balance of building hoppin ' web slingin , action whith a narration from Co creator Stan-Lee , give it the guys who made THPS , you have a very well made game . There are two modes , Kid mode , Standard mode . The kid mode is confusing after playing standard mode for some time . The controls are simple shoot web 5 different ways . go on the celing , and swing about foggy Yonkers.Oh gee how could i forget the camera issue thats why its only four stars and not five . The camers is very interfering while attemting to beat one of the annoying bosses . Did I mention theres clipping .
 I have a very short attention span . There is nothing I hate more in a game than repeating the same level 72 times to be able to move on . With `` Spiderman '' , you can conquer the levels with a minimum of practice . I also like the kid mode , which my 5-year old enjoyed . A great game with lots of fun and action .
 This game at first glance is great , amazing , thrilling , and breathtaking ... the first time around . By then you 've beaten the game and you think `` Hm , I 'll try it on hard now . '' You suit up in your Symbiote Spider suit for unlimited webbing , which helps a bunch against bosses , you win again ... and you think `` God running away from ------ was cool . '' Then you think ... `` The symbiote levels ... '' Then you finally think `` were are the costumes ? I want all the costumes ... and comic books ! '' The costumes and comic books are possibly the best part of the game , and it 's hard to find them all , which is great for replay . The first comic book cover , however , is possibly the best gameplay part in the game . . it 's spidey doing his spidey thing , not being caught up in some big conpsiracy against the word and saving MJ . But overall it was cool ... and the last level is very rewarding and all the movies are well done . A very good game , best comic book based game ever .
 We 've all been waiting 10 years for a decent spiderman game . After dealing with the garbage that was released on the Genesis and Super Nintendo , Neversoft , responsible for the amazing Tony Hawks Pro Skater , stepped up to the box , and makes one of the PSXs best games . The game pits you as Peter Parker or more famously known as Spiderman . You explore the streets of NYC looking for trouble , and it pops up often . You battle all the well known bad guys , from Rhino to Venom to Dr. Octopus , they are all here . The developers have done an AMAZING job of bringing spidey to the console . The use of his Web and Spidey Sense are amazingly put into the game , and the physics are unbeliveable . Add to that , some of the best graphics yet seen on the PlayStation , and you can see why this game is just so good . The music perfectly fits the atmosphere of the game , and times , up and catchy , and at others , dark and suspenseful . You will have to solve puzzels along the way , and encounter all the charcters you know from the tv and comic series . The game is not all action either , many times you will be low on health , and will have to rely on stealth to make your way through the level . All these aspects are pulled into the game to create the best spiderman game ever , and one of the best games period for the PlayStation .
 If your old enough to remember the countless horrible superhero beat-em-ups that were on the Sega Genesis and the Super Nintendo , than this will be a breath of fresh air . You still have to beat up the bad guys , but swinging around in a full 3-D New York City is too good to be true , and the graphics look great even for being on PS1 . The storyline is your basic comic book story , nothing new here , but the voice acting is a welcome surprise . The only problem is that Spider-Man is a short game , but there are plenty of secrets to uncover that will keep you coming back , such as finding all of the comic books and getting all the special Spider-costumes . Spider-Man is allready a Playstation classic and if you do n't own it allready , you should get it now along with the new sequel , `` Spider-Man 2
 Let 's get one thing straight , in my personal opinion every single super hero game that has come out has been terrible . Fortunately Spider Man has broken this abysmal tradition.The Good - Fantastic graphics -LRB- using Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater engine -RRB- . Spider man looks good . While there are definite polygonal issues once you get up close it 's fantastic considering it 's being run on the PlayStation . Entertaining dialogue . I must admit I chuckled a few times at the exchange between Spider Man and some villains . Just listening to the Webslinger making puns and cracking jokes after pounding the hell out of someone just strikes me as amusing . As far as the actual dialogue and voice acting for the story goes , well , it varies . Some of the characters really seem to come alive with whoever did their voice , yet others seem a little weak.Finally Getting to be Spider Man . This is a big one . Yes he 's been in games before but they 've never been this good . Just getting to swing from building to building is a treat . From coating some bad guy in webbing to jumping on his back and punching him in the head , it 's just fun to be the Webhead.The BadGame length . It 's just too short . I really think that if Neversoft had made a second cd and included more levels this would be an unbelievable game.Linearity . This is another one I had a problem with . There 's a right way to do things and that 's pretty much it . I thought a big part of Spider Man 's persona was that he used his head to find different ways around an obstacle as opposed to always just smashing it?Limitedness . In the levels where you 're cruising the New York skyline -LRB- there are not nearly enough of these by the way -RRB- there 's not much point to going to most of the buildings -LRB- with the exception of the occasional power-up -RRB- because they 're empty and dull.What I would have liked to have seen-More of New York . Really , after about 15 floors it disappears into a fatal haze . What I really would have liked to have seen was the ability to actually travel around the city . Now that would have been fantastic . Maybe even a random adventure/quest generator would have been very interesting . Now you can say `` Wait for a MMORPG '' but that would n't quite be the same . In a MMORPG you are n't the focus of the game whereas with this everything would be revolving around you and how you react -LRB- much like the Spider Man comics -RRB- . Despite the flaws I wholeheartedly recommend this game with one restriction . You really need to like Spider Man to buy this game . What I 'm saying is , if you are n't a fan you probably wo n't want to shell out that much money for such a short game.Oh well , maybe we can hope for this for a release on the PSX2 .
 Finally , there 's a game that does my hero justice . Minutes after starting up Spider-Man , I was swinging across New York with a smile on my face.This game just feels right . Spidey leaps and bounds across the city rooftops with the greatest of ease , employing his famous web-shooters to help him along . Spidey 's controls are spot-on . Most of the hard work is done by the computer . Spidey automatically aims his webs during combat and web-swinging . In addition to the standard webline , you can use impact webbing , web spikes and a web shield to gain the upper hand in combat against the game 's numerous enemies.The game 's story is also well done , with great voice acting from the Spider-Man cartoon series . Spidey himself sounds great , and you probably wo n't get tired of his quips , which include several in-jokes for comic fans.The graphics do their job admirably . While not spectacular , they are a step above most PlayStation fare , thanks to Neversoft 's Tony Hawk engine . There 's little slowdown , and the game maintains a comic feel with bright colors and superb animations , especially for Spidey.The game 's not flawless , however . Most players will complain about the game 's camera . For the most part , the camera does fine , but occasionally -LRB- especially while crawling along a ceiling -RRB- the controls slip up due to odd camera angles.The game is also surprisingly short . Perhaps this is because I only played on normal difficulty , but I finished the game in a day . There are plenty of extras to keep you occupied , so it 's not a total loss.Also , the cutscenes , which were rendered using the game engine are underwhelming . However , they get the story across well enough.The music is nothing special . For the most part , you play in silence , except for the occasional guitar riff . I do n't know where all of the hype surrounding Tommy Tallerico came from , but the man has n't written an inspired soundtrack since 1993 's Cool Spot . However , the remixed Spidey theme from the 60 's cartoon show -LRB- done by some music group I 'm not familiar with -RRB- is great.All in all , these flaws do nothing to subtract from the gameplay . You 'll still have a great time swinging across the rooftops again and again , trying to unlock secret modes or costumes.Will Spider-Man be on everyone 's list for Game of the Year ? Probably not . Is it an outstanding action-platformer that you should run out and buy right now ? Without a doubt .
 Finally a video game based on a comic book character that is done correctly . This game has all the wall-crawling action and comedy of the comics . There are only 2 drawbacks to the game . First is control . Moving at mulitple angles , especially along walls and the ceiling , can be confusing and frustrating . Getting through the final scene will take some serious practice . Using your webbing can mix you up too . Fighting game fans may not have trouble using the D-pad and only ONE button to do 4 diffent things . The only trick you 'll really need to master is `` impact webbing '' to beat the game . The other drawback is the briefness of the game . I beat the game in one day , and I 'm just a casual gamer . Except for trying to unlock and/or find the hidden items , there really is n't much replay value . There is also a code to unlock everything anyway , `` EEL NATS '' -LRB- Stan Lee in reverse -RRB- . If you are a Spider-Man or a super hero fan that would like to see a great translation of a character , I recommed you check out this game . Rent it first . It 's easy to get through within a few hours . Then decide on whether to buy or not .
 to get started-i dont read comics besides the ocasional `` Spawn '' . but i saw a commercial for this and i thought `` well , it does look like a fun game , and the makers of THPS 1 & 2 made it , so , what the heck ? `` and i was right!this games fun!if you 're a fan or not of the tv show or comics , it 's still fun.it just gets finished to soon.the only REALLY hard park is the final level , where you fight the giant red octupus freak thing.that 's hard.and to add , all ages can enjoy it.i 'm 11 , my brothers 13 , and my dads -LRB- unbelieveably -RRB- 54 , but we all play it and we all have fun ! -LRB- my moms not that much of a game freak . -RRB- buy this game.you 'll be gald .
 This game ... all I can say is ... WOW !! Activision did a great job on this game ! The game makes you feel like your actually the web-slinger ! You have all of Spidey 's powers
 Spiderman is without a doubt , the best comic book action-hero game released to date . You play as Spidey himself in this fast-paced romp all over town to clear your good name and save Mrs. Spidey . Most of Spidey 's enemies and friends show up to slam you around a bit or help out respectively . The boss fights are challenging without being impossible and there are a good number of puzzles you must solve to complete most levels . This adds to the game , as superheroes are supposed to be clever AND pack a wallop . The puzzles fit in with the scheme of the game and do n't feel contrived and forced.The graphics of the game are good -LRB- Spiderman and most of the major characters look great -RRB- however , you will still find a problem with the camera angles which is a major flaw in an action game . The controls have a tendency to be sloppy but manueverability is not that big a problem when you have your trusty web-slinger to save your butt before you plunge to your death . Voice talent is superb and the narration is top-notch as well . The cut scenes are also well done and the background graphics are excellent . The main menu offers a great deal more than your average game including a training course for practically every move and a review section to see what items you 've obtained and are still missing . Depending on the level of difficulty you 're playing on , you have a good bit of help during your missions and there is even a kid-version so everyone is included.The levels of the game are short but well constructed . You have a clear objective and simply have to get past the obstacles to acheive your goal . Sometimes you must rely on stealth , strength , agility , cleverness or a combination to reach your objective . It was also a nice touch to include some hard-to-find itmes like comic book covers , which will unlock special abilities and suits . This adds some replay value for those die-hard gamers , but lets face it , mostly it 's just cool.The biggest problem with the game is while it is fast-paced , it is also extremely short . Those well-versed in action games will probably complete it within a few hours and again , unless you are specifically searching for power-ups , replay value just is n't there.Spiderman is a good game . It certainly offers its fair share of entertainment for everyone not just for fans . The comic book flair does not end with the title and the main character , it is clearly visible throughout , which adds a great deal to the characters and overall graphics of the game . This game is like the comic book that it is based on
 OK , first let 's go over a small list of current super-hero vids that are out there that suck . Superman ? He looks like some unearthly force -LRB- in this case , the game 's designers -RRB- violated him more than Lex Luthor ever could . Iron Man ? Second verse , same as the first -LRB- but take out Lex Luthor -RRB- . Incredible Hulk ? Barely looked CREDIBLE to me . Maximum Carnage was a good game for Genesis and SNES back in the day ; if you have n't seen it , do n't fret , cuz it kinda sucks compared to now . Batman ? What Batman game HAS N'T induced the need to blow chunks?The point -LRB- for those of you not turned off yet -RRB- is this
 FINALLY A DECENT SPIDERMAN GAME HAS COME OUT ! After playing the demo at a local mall , i must say that i was simply amazed by the game . Activision has captured the true essence of spiderman in this game . The amazing 3D environments of NYC are a perfect backdrop for our friendly neighborhood spiderman . The sound quality was great w/the hilarious one-liners that made spidey famous . The game was easy to control and incredibly fun . I 'll be first in line to buy this game when it comes out this september .
 This has to be one of the best games I have played in a long time . I was impressed by the graphics being as good as they are , just about n64 quality . Gameplay is where this title really shines though , I dont think I have ever had this much fun controlling an onscreen character before . Even with the control problems it is still fun to send spider-man swinging through New York . Speaking of control problems though , the camera is not the best I have ever seen , its constant changing in order to be directly behind spider-man is sometimes disorienting and can lead you to the game over screen if you are not careful . Even though there are some problems with the controls , the rest of the game more than makes up for it and will soon make you forget that there are any problems at all . If you buy this game you will definitely not be dissapointed .
 We waited for years . Played through hundreds of hours of such stinkers as the Nintendo 64 version of Superman ... . Batman , the X-Men , the -LRB- shudder -RRB- Fantastic Four , even Spider-Man ; nobody seemed to do them any justice . Our childhood heroes were being destroyed by an evil even worse than Lex Luthor , Magneto , or the Green Goblin and Carnage combined ... bad games . -LRB- Well , except for X-Men 2 for Genesis a few years back . That ROCKED ! -RRB- That is , until now.Activision , the wizards < gods ? > behind Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater , did this game , Spider-Man , and I have to say it is un - ... - believable . Never , NEVER has ol' web-head been represented so well . Johnny Cochrahan could n't represent somebody this good . Anything Spidey can do in the comic , you can now achieve . Web swinging . Anywhere . In NEW YORK CITY . THIS is cool . You can literally get lost in the levels ; this is not usually a good thing , but here , oh , baby , it is . The graphics are good as they seem to be pushing the PlayStation to the max . However , the game falls a little short of my expectations.The controls are tight , so controlling Spidey is a snap ; but , as in every third-person game , there is one fatal flaw
 Shipped fast and no skips ! Had a great time reliving my childhood playing this again ! Definitely buy this if you want to play the best Spider-Man game ever !
 I played the demo of this game and I just had to buy the full version . It was the most well done spiderman video game ever . If you have n't played this and still have the patience for a playstation 1 game then please buy this .
 Awesome game , makes spidey even better than he already is i highly recommend it !!!!! Buy it it 's awesome get it as fast as you can !
 over all a fun game one of the best for this system the movie games have nothing on this.if you are a fan of the fox t.v show then you will love this game
 My 4 year old Spiderman fan loves this game . One of the difficulty levels is `` Kid Mode '' , which is perfect for little gamers . The graphics are n't as good as the PC version , but kids are n't nearly the critics of this sort of thing as older players would be . If you are playing on a PS2 , you need to find some original Playstation memory if you are going to save your progress , which may take some searching in the age of PS3 , but I would still recomend this game even without it .
 Disclosure
 Hey , this is def . a game worth buying , basically peter parkers at a science expo and a fake spiderman steals a huge machine , and spidys blamed for it . i rated it a four , because , even though the game has great graphics and a great storyline after you beat it it gets a little boring . A cool thing is that after you beat the game you get a new costume , for instance , the first time you win , you get the spidyvenom costume and you have unlimited web fluid , and with each new one , you get special abilities , Whatastyl
 If you are a comic fan , or a Spider-Man fan in general then GET THIS GAME ! The story flows like a good comic , the cut scenes are incredible , and there are enough cameo appearances are awesome . The game play is great , watching Spider-Man move , act , and talk as you 'd expect he would . And there are enough hidden little goodies to keep you playing the game over and over . You can collect comics as you play and the costume variations cover just about all of the more memorable moments from the series -LRB- and beyond -RRB- . Hopefully , there will be a sequel to this one .
 this game truly is the best super hero game ever released but it is not without its flawsthe graphics , based on the thps2 engine are crisp and clean , bright and colourful but are not the best yet seen on the psx and the draw distance is not particularly good.the gameplay is near perfect at times and at others very frustrating . the camera can seriously inhibit the action at times . near the end of the game where web swinging is essential it is often very hard to judge whether spidey will make the ledge or not and can lead to playing the same sections over and over again . this is only a minor flaw though and does not detract from the fun factor of the game.unfortunately this fun factor does not last too long as you can finish this game in under 2 hours if you know what you are doing . my first play through took me about 5 hours when i explored everywhere and tried to get everything , the 2nd took about 1 3/4 hours and the 3rd an hour and a half . so its not the longest game in the world then ? well yes it is . maybe the game doesnt last all that long but with secret parts opening up everytime you finish the game there is always an incentive to play again . just like tony hawk 's there are new costumes unlocked with special powers such as unlimited webbing and invisibility so every time you play the experience is different.the super powers in the game are used very well , unlike some games where these powers come in 2nd place spidey 's webs come in very handy almost all the time . there is no major emphasis on using all of the powers but they are so useful that you will be doing so anyway.the learning curve of the game is small to none so anyone will be able to pick uip and play the game from scratch . some of the levels are unduly hard and frustrating but the satisfying gameplay means you will keep coming back fror morethe game features many extra parts . in every level there is a comic book to collect , you will miss a lot of these playing through and will want to go back and collect them all . whn you play through you will meet characters and their bio 's will be available to read . special modes of play such as the time trial , survival and ` what if ' modes are also a lot of fun . especially the ` what if ' mode where level design is different and there are a lot of fun touches added to change the gameplay.the plot of the game is pleasing , the standard take over the world only spidey can save us but with a nice twist . a lot of baddies are implemented instead of just one arch villain over and over like with sonic . you 'll fight doctor ocktupus , venom , rhino ... to name a few and all boss fights are different and require a strategy instead of just luck . and as for that last level ... overall this is a great game and a lot of fun but DONT BUY it go out and RENT IT instead
 One of the most eagerly awaited video games of 2000 , Spider-Man by Activision did n't find its way into my home until December . I wondered if , by then , all the built-up anticipation would inevitably lead to disappointment . The answer
 I rented this game a week ago and I loved it . It stayed true to the comics , it had awasome graphics , and I lovevd those mini-movies . They were so funny . There was two things I did n't like about it . They were the game control and the camera views . Other than that it was a great video game . Also , I liked when Spidey was talking to all his friends for help . And that was one of the best endings for a video game . That poker game was so funny .
 Spiderman is a comic book game done right . All of Spiderman 's powers are here . You can swing from building to building , crawl upside down on the ceilings and even lift up cars and throw them . The plot is very comic book and the dialogue is often cartoony -LRB- perfect for this type of game -RRB- . You can face off against several of Spiderman 's best villians including Rhino and Scorpion . There are several bonuses hidden inside the game as well . From finding hidden comic books throughout the game world , to using different costumes for Spiderman . While it may be just another Final Fight type beat em up game , the excitement and novelty of playing Spiderman make this game a winner .
 Spider-man is a great game to play.It fun to play and the villains are great.And you fight Doctor Octopus , Venom , Carnage , Scorpion , Mysterio , and Rhino.The game is the best .
 Spider-man is one of the best super hero game ever . The game has incredible graphics . The vary from the skyline of New York to the sewers . The videos they show you before each level are great . It is like you are watching a real episode of Spider-man . The fighting is great . It is also fun to oswing from building to building . The only bad part of this game is that it is too short . Just when you feel you are really getting into the game , it is all over . But any way this game is worth the money .
 I have only played the demo , but it is still by far the best spiderman game i have ever played . The 3d levels make the game play incredible
 This was one of the games that I grew up playing , so my point of view is slightly biased , but it is n't all nostalgia ! This game was one of my first forays into gaming and comic books . Before I played the game I only knew Spidey from the early 90 's cartoon series which I loved at the time and enjoy it to a lesser extent today . When the game came out it was a must buy . It 's a game that is truly timeless . The story is well crafted , the voice acting is spot on , and now that I 'm a hardore comic guy the narration by Stan Lee is just a delight . The only thing I do n't like about the game is that you ca n't free roam like you can in the Spider-Man 2 movie game , but that 's just because back in the day they did n't have the tech . But it 's only a minor thing , and the level design does makeup for it . If you have n't played it , what the heck are you waiting for ?! You can buy it used for $ 3 for Stan 's Sake !
 I got this game when i was 5 and had so much fun i couldnt put the controler down . ITs a great game for kids and even adults . It really entertains
 Although there are hundreds of superhero games , this simple Playstation game stole my heart . The game is fun . That 's pretty much it 's only quality . By today 's standards , this game has terrible graphics . When it was new , it was fine . But do n't let a simple matter as graphics stop you from playing this game . The game lets you into the shoes of Spider Man like no other game can . The game is disappointingly short . However , you will find yourself playing it over and over again . If you 're looking for a quality Spider-Man experience , this game is perfect .
 I got this game for my eighth birthday and I 'm still playing it today.I played this game at friend 's house and thats what made me a spidey fan.And with villans like Scorpion , Rhino , Venom , Doc Ock , and Carnage it 's pretty good game.And when you beat it you get to play as Spider-Man on the alien suit -LRB- the suit Venom wears -RRB- its awsome . buy it !
 I love this game . I bought this game four years ago and I still play it . I play it over and over again just to unlock all the costumes and comics . There are like 20 different levels incuding Daily Bugle , Subway , Waterfront warehouse , underground fortress . Bosses like , Venom , Scorpion , Rhino , Mysterio , Carnage , and Doc-ock . Guest appearences of other marvel superheroes like Torch , Black cat , Daredevil , Punisher , and Captain America . Power ups like spidey armor and heat webbing . You can unlock different costumes like Symbiot , Ben Riely costume , etc. . This game is the best spiderman game ever . An instant classic .
 If you can find something better than getting to beat up bad guys as Spider-Man while listening to a crazy rock/techno soundtrack ... tell me ! This game was so fun I played it non stop for 2 days ... hence I ended up beating it . Comic Book nerds will also dig this because they will get to see all the cool Marvel trivia and comic book covers and such . There are also a ton of Marvel hero cameos in this game . Spider-Man has a lot of funny jokes as well . The controls are easy to get into , the levels all offer something interesting and new and the last boos truely was the best part!Out of all of the superhero games for PS1 this is the best . It is fun and you can come back and play it again to gain the things you missed ! Highly recommended !
 This is the best Super hero game ever.I am a huge Spiderman fan and I thought all my birthdays came together when this came out . The graphics are outstanding , the character voices flawless and the action is terrific.Some people compained about the camera but I had no problem with it.Spidey has been set up for a major heist and the man behind the plot is spideys longtime foe Doc Ock ! However the not so good doctor has a few allies who also want to bring spidey down-namely Mysterio , Rhino , Scorpion and Carnage.Thens theres the insane Venom who has an agenda of his own.A few of Spideys friends pop up throughout the game too including Black Cat , Daredevil and The Punisher.If you have any good taste you should buy this game .
 I ca n't believe I waited so long to play this game -LRB- bought it last year -RRB- but I 've been busy . Never played a game through twice but this game I 've played it through 3 times already . Steathmode is great -LRB- it 's cheating a little but hey you have super powers - use them -RRB- . The dialogue is comic-book hilarious . Loved the ending movie . The first time you play this game it can be frustrating because you ca n't save often . I must have tried for an hour until I was finally successful & allowed to save -LRB- when I was in the underground level to jump over the electromagnic walls with lasers shooting at you -RRB- . The second time you play is much quickler & enjoyable -LRB- unlimited webbing -RRB- & the third time your costume allows you to become invisible . I highly recommend this game . You can finish the game in 3 hours -LRB- which is about my limit to escaping reality for a while -RRB- . I 'm onto Spiderman2 - keep 'em coming all you Superheroes -LRB- I mean superdesigners -RRB- out there .
 If u r a spiderman fan u would probably like this game i am not particualy but i still think this game is fun , the controls are easy for beginers i should know this is the first game i got for playstation , it is realy short i can beat it in 45 min . the codes are awesome though , EEL NATS will give you everything , you collect comic books throughout the game , and the storyline is alright , the combo web moves are awesome , the bosses you fight include scorpion , rhino , venom , mysterio , doc ock , carnage , monster ock overall this game is good i recomend you buy it , rent it , or borrow it from a friend
 ilike becuse it 's rated E AND THE FITING IS RILEY EASEY SO IT 'S NOT TO FRASTERATING YOU CANT LOSE THAT EASEY IT 'S TEH best best best best best best best best best best best best game
 This is a very good game and I think you ought to buy it.You can do almost everything spiderman can do in the TV series .
 This was an excellent game ! The graphics are below average , but I thought it was fun to web people up and crawl on the walls and stuff . As I said , the graphics are a bit blurry , but this was a fun game . In it , you encounter such villains as Scorpion , and Venom , etc. .
 Spider-Man 's first 3D game is this , and it is awesome . The web-slinging is very cool , but once you play the Spider-Man : The Movie game you probably wo n't think anything of it . But anyway , this game is awesome if you have n't played the new one . The first few levels , up to Scorpion , are fun to play , over and over . I suggest you start the game on Easy -LRB- unless you 're a little kid , then you should start on Kid Mode -RRB- and work your way up to hard . And now I 'll tell you how to get a few costumes :1 . Scarlet Spidey & Ben Reilly-I do n't know how I got these . But everytime I just play the game , they pop up -LRB- on the N64 version , too -RRB- , so that 'll probably work with you too . Special -LRB- s -RRB- : Nothing2.Symboate Spidey-Yes , the costume that posses Venom was once worn by Peter Parker . Beat the game on any mode without running out of webbing , and it 's your 's . Special -LRB- s -RRB- : Unlimited Webbing .3 . Captain Universe-I have no idea where this costume came from , but you get it once you beat the game on hard.And now I 'll tell some battle tips on the bosses -LRB- I 'm relating to Hard mode , but they 'll work pretty well on any mode -RRB- :1 . Scorpion-The first boss on the game , and the most fun . Jump up on the ceiling and keep shooting web-balls at him , but jump down when he fires his tail-laser . But keep JJ safe ! 2.Rhino-When he charges at you , run in front of a power generater or in front of the explosive barrels , and just as he 's about to hit you , SWING OUTTA THERE !!! 3 . Venom 1-This is pretty hard . You should just keep shooting web-balls , and when you run out , just use the web-spikes . Then if you run out again , throw things at him -LRB- car , dumpsters , etc. -RRB- 4 . Venom 2-This is the harder Venom level . You have to fight him WHILE shutting off the power to keep Mary-Jane from drowning . I ca n't really give you advise on this one .5 . Doctor Octapuss-When there 's no ON/OFF switch to push , just keep jumping up & down to avoid his tentacles.6.Carnage-It is IMPOSSIBE to beat this guy in physical combat , so you 'll have to shoot him into the sonic-bubble , which causes significant damage to him . But , when the bubble disappears , keep tapping the web button until it comes on again . -LRB- Do not hold down the web button or you 'll run out . Just keep clicking it . -RRB- 7 . Monster Oc-RUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OK , I 'm pretty tired of typing now . C-Ya !
 Without a doubt , Activision 's SPIDER-MAN is the best superhero game ever made for any console system . While it is disappointingly short -- particularly if played mercilessly for hours at a stretch , as most will do -- the game has everything a player could ask for
 I waited a long time for a Playstation version of Spider-Man to come out . Sega Genesis was pretty useless once this system came out , so the few Spider-Man games they had were obsolete.This game was rather good , a little short though . The graphics were fairly good and so was the story , but it came short of twists and turns . I knew from the very beginning that the villains behind the symbiote invasion scheme were Dr. Octopus and Carnage . Still , it 's a fairly good game . If you 're a Spider-Man fan , you wo n't be dissapointed in getting this game .
 If you like spiderman than this is the game for you.although you do n't get to roam free around new york city as freely as you might think . -LRB- in the game you ca n't just go where you like -RRB- the actual levels are so easy but to complete the game you have to collect all the comics and pictures in the game to get the best costumes.There are quite alot of costumes including spiderman unlimted which you can go invisiblewith and other costumes that do n't have any mutant powers at all.You can see other people such as captin America and the black cat.you can go aginst people such as the scorpian , Rihno , doc oct , carnage , monster doc oct and venom.the graphics are a little poor but that dose n't matter because the thugs and other bad guys are so fat that you will be able to see them from a mile a way and they are so easy to defeat.the overall is it is one of the best games you can get .
 This is a great game ! The plot and storyline are smooth . The only problem I had was trying to catch Venom in that one level . Other than that , it was great ! The graphics are superb , the voice acting is really good , the controls are easy to learn , and everything else is just solid ! If you are a Spider-Man fan , you MUST get this game ! I have to admit , I was n't really a Spider-Man fan , I actually traded an old game of mine for this . But , after I got it , I was happy I did !
 This is one of the best super hero games ever made so what are you waiting for ? Get It ! It 's worth the money !
 This game is exciting . Great graphics , great animation , great storyline . Just all around fun to play !
 What a great videogame that gives you an idea of what Spiderman 's life of fighting is like ! Smooth graphics and fast electrifying gameplay make this game one of the best action/adventure games I 've ever played!This is a must have game in your Playstation Library .
 this game happens to be one of my favorites , and i am usually into survivor horror games ... but this one will stay in my playstation for quite sometime . the `` cons '' on the game say that it 's a short game , but you get a new costume when you beat it , then when you collect certain items , you get yet another costume ... each with its own special abilities . the `` cons '' also says that the camera angles are a con-but they 're nothing to stop you from buying the game . every now and then you 'll have a little trick when against a wall or turning or something , but it 's not bad at all . AND there are tons of training modes that are tons of fun . the controls are beyond cool-sling , crawl , and shoot your way to roofs , walls , ceilings , buildings , etc. great game . i recommend this game to anyone who likes adventure , action , or any decent game . buy it !
 THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME !!! ALL OF THE LEVELS ARE RELATIVELY EASY , AND YOU GET PLENTY OF POWER UPS ... EVEN THE BOSSES ARE EASILY BEATEN , BUT YOU HAVE TO SEE WHAT IS THE BEST DEFENSE FOR COMBATING THEM . I LIKE THE VILLAINS LIKE - RHINO , VENOM , DOCTOR OCTOPUS , SCORPION , CARNAGE AND OF COURSE MONSTER OCK !! THE ONLY BAD THINGS ARE FIGHTING THE SYMBIOTES . IT CAN WRECK YOU A LOT . USE YOUR WEB BALLS AS OPPOSED TO THE WEB DOME . IT USES LESS WEBBING . . THE WEB SWINGING IS GREAT , AND HIS WISECRACKS ARE RIGHT UP THERE WITH BRUCE CAMBELL OF EVIL DEAD ... AND MAKE SURE YOU JUMP A LOT WHEN YOU FINALLY FACE MONSTER OCK , AND ONLY SWING WHEN YOU 'VE GOT A LONG HALLWAY , OR YOU MIGHT MISJUDGE . . AND THEN HE 'LL GET YA FOR SURE !! THIS GAME MAKES FOR HOURS OF FUN !!! IF YOU GET A CODE FOR LEVEL SELECT - WELL THEN YOU CAN FACE YOUR ENEMIES OVER AND OVER AGAIN . PICK UP THIS ONE TODAY !! YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED !! MAYBE THE NEXT ONE WILL HAVE - GREEN GOBLIN , KING PIN , VULTURE , SANDMAN , LIZARD . WE CERTAINLY HOPE THEY DO ...
 This game is great . I recommend it to anyone who likes to play anykind of game . I did n't even know who Spider man was intill i played a demo of the game , then i knew i had to have it . THe game has an Awsome full out 3d inviroment , and you can go through all of it . At some times you are fighting and at atother times you are just webslinging through New York City . I bought the game the first day it came out . And I did n't even know SpiderMan was a comic character intill someone told me . THE GAME RULES get it . It is the best game I have played for my playstation .
 Althogh only te demo has been out this game is great in animation , graphics , and and in most life like game so far .
 This is a wonderful game , i would give it 5 stars , but i am disappointed in the gaming industry for not making games closed-captioned for the deaf . Now , a year ago I would have laughed at that thought . But i recently became deaf , and I play alot of video games . This one in paticular has alot of FMV , that have sounds and voices tha tell you what is happening in the story-line . Not being able to hear makes that , impossible.great game , very fun , highly recommended for the hearing
 The storyline is simple , the masterminds release a gas over New York city that prepares everyone for symbiosis , Spider man is out to save the day.The games that featured Spider man before this one were just the advance , beat bad guys fight a boss , those games did n't capture Spider man 's personality , I know this one does.With witty remarks from Spider man and hilarious cut scenes Spider man fights an army of bad guys , or as he likes to call it the villian olympics.Stan Lee 's got voice overs and his fellow heroes have cameos.The punisher and Captain America for instance.The game might be something fast to beat but they give you a lot of things to play again for , like unlocking Spider man 2099 if you collect all the comics or Captain Universe , which is like starting with the rocket launcher in Resident Evil , fun!It 's short , too short , but a sequel is on its way , you 'll have to find out how I knew that , and it 's by defeating the game !
 As my title says its alot better than the super nintendo games . Neversoft did a good job using the Tony Hawk engine . But one thing bothers me : IT 'S WAY TO EASY ! It took me 5 hours to beat . The only chalenge gamers over 10 will find here is the last boss . The last boss added about 2 hours of gameplay . A good weekend rental !
 To say the very least , Spider-Man is definitely the best overall super-hero game since -LRB- oddly enough -RRB- Spider-Man
 I got this game about a month ago . The first time I played it I found it somewhat simple . I completed the first 7 or so levels in about 3 hours or so . I ended up beating the game the next morning . It took about 8 hours total to get to the last stage and another 2 to beat the last stage , but that is not the beauty of the game . There are many other things to do . I do not play very many Playstation games , so I ca n't say that it has a lot of cool stuff , but there are about 8 different costumes you can get , each with its own abilities including invisiblity . Plus , there are comics that are hidden throughout the stages that are fun to find . Plus , if you look online for codes , you can find a `` What If '' mode cheats that changes the game . For instance , a square that makes Spider-man dance and a yellow submarine in the water . This does n't include several `` party games '' that help you with your spidey-controls . It is a great game with awesome graphics and cool effects . I would recommend this to comic fans and non-comic fans alike .
 This game is awesome . It has an enthralling story , the gameplay is amazing , and it is just so much fun to play . . Villians - Jade Syndacit , Scorpion , Rhino , Venom , Mysterio , Dr. Octopus , Carnage , and Monster Ock -LRB- if you ever wondered what Doc Ock would be like if bonded with Carnage 's symbiote , there ya go -RRB- Heros - Spider-Man , Black Cat , Daredevil , The Human Torch , The Punisher , and Captain America
 This game has alot of my favirote Spidey villians and allies like The Black Cat , Venom , Carnage , Doc Ock , Lizard , Mysterio , The Rhino , The Torch , Daredevil and Captin America I only wish they had Kraven though!The game is harder then the one based on the movie , mutch more FUNNER , mutch more LEVELS , mutch more VILLIANS that I like too !
 I 'm into superhero games and this one was easy to learn . They even give tutorials at the first level . I rented it at first and completed the game in one weekend . While it was easy at the first level , if you want to challege yourself a little bit then try the next level up . They even have kid mode which I have not tried but if level one was easy , imagine what kid mode is like.When you do complete the games , the true spidey fans will appreciate the extra features to take to your next game such as the symbiote costume .
 THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE !! its an awesome game !! THE STORY LINE ROCKS !! except for blackcat being a little inmodest . sweet moves . i say its a little difficult for the beginer . one of my freinds had a little trouble with all the web swinging , but it was ` nt that hard for her to figure out the KICK-OFF-THE-BUILDING move . MY BROTHER LOVES IT TOO , AND HE 'S THREE YEARS YOUNGER THAN ME !! i 'm planning on getting SPIDEY
 When i first got this game it was very hard to learn how to web swing.I just kept trying to jump to and from the buildings -LRB- after 5 hours of falling off buildings I knew there had to be another way ! -RRB- Now I Have mastered all the levels.Here are some codes.EEL NATS-EVERYTHINGXCLSIOR-LEVEL SELECTGBHSRSPM-WHAT IF CONTESTRUSTCRST-INVINCIBLESTRUDL-UNLIMITED WEBBINGnot as good as the one for PS2 , but still worth the money
 Firstly , this game is highly entertaining and fun . Though the game has a few drawbacks as mentioned in previous reviews the pro 's easily outnumber the bad elements within the game . Sure the game is easy to complete , I had completed the game within four hours , and I 'm no seasoned game player , but what you have to remember I was playing on the ` kid ' mode . What we have on the game is 4 varied levels of hardness , the easiest being the kid mode . Now this is wicked as it has easier controls arranged with younger kids in mind . You also have 3 various levels of difficulty with more complex controls than found on the kid mode , so given that you have enough interest in replaying the game on a harder level this gives the game a good deal of playtime . Playing as Spiderman is however , great , and the ability to swing and crawl everywhere is amazing , especially as the game has a very comic-book appearance . Usually if I 'm playing on the playstation I 'll be constantly interupted by a nagging girlfriend , but even she has taken to this game , the first game in 3 years , so this game is highly recommended . Spidey fans or not , this is worth a play .
 THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST SPIDEY GAMES EVER ! IT HAS ALL MY FAVORITE VILLAINS VENOM , SCORPION , RHINO , MYSTERIO , DOC OCK , CARNAGE , AND A NEW VILLAN MONSTER-OCK , ALSO LIZARD APPEARS . THE STORY IS THAT MYSTERIO FRAMES SPIDEY BY STEALING OCKS DEVICE AND RUINING EDDIE BROCK 'S CARREAR -LRB- VENOM -RRB- NOW NEW YORKS AGAINST SPIDER-MAN AND THE HEROES ARE HELPING WEB HEAD BUT AT THE END WHEN YOU KNOCK CARNAGE TO A SONIC BUBBLE AND BEAT UP DOC-OCK YOU THINK ITS OVER BUT SYMBIOTES KEEP COMING BACK IN STYLE EVEN WHEN YOU HAVE TO RUN FROM MONSTER-OCK . A MUST BUY .
 This game is by far the best spiderman game ever since maximum carnage and seperation anxiety , both for supernintendo . In every great spiderman game i 've played you 've always had to face Carnage , which is good ! Whether Carnage is the main boss , or not , as long as you fight him at least once in the game , it 's good . Bottom line , this game 's awsome , but very short .
 this game is ggrreeaatt you can do everything -LRB- almost -RRB- spiderman does you can web bad guys you can punch sombody of a building my only disapointmint was that you cant play on the ground and i gave it 4 stars because i think the last level was a little too hard -LRB- even thow i beat it -RRB- buy this game !!!!!!!!!!!
 even though different from the ps2 , xbox , gcube etc , spiderman was a great game and had your hands sweating so much that it hurt with suspense . GREAT GAME !!!
 **** WARNING **** If there are some things you want to discover on your own about this game and would n't like me revealing a cheat code , then do not read this review.I got the Kellogg 's mail in offer for this game 's demo -LRB- I always find some type of demo to play before buying games I 'm serious about -RRB- about a year ago and it was great ! After playing the demo which features the first 3 levels of the game , I was hooked and needed to buy the full version . I breezed past the first three I had mastered from the demo , and soon discovered that there was tons more to the game then I thought . There are plenty of levels to enjoy and will keep you occupied for awhile . The graphics are awesome and the levels are perfectly challenging . It starts off on top of a range of buildings which is perfect to get you used to the controls . There are also plenty of guys to bust up . You go across the buildings and get on top of the bank . You bust up some thugs , and hop down inside . Zip line up and crawl along the ceiling . When you see a hostage around the corner guarded by a thug in a cubicle , jump down and kill him . Zip back up and crawl around the ceiling near the outside of the big glass room till you find a vent . Climb up and jump down . Beat up the guy and open up the three doors in numerically order -LRB- 1,2,3 -RRB- . You open them by punching or kicking them . You can also put target on and shoot the numbers when the target turns blue . The third one will have two thugs in it . Waste them and run into the room . There will be some guarded hostages . If you are on the Easy difficulty or Kid Mode , you can just walk by and kill the guys and the hostages are freed . Normal and Hard you have to crawl on the ceiling and kill them all quickly . I suggest webbing them up before they can shoot . You go through the elevator and go through more cubicles and kill more bad guys and save more hostages . The last room you enter has more hostages and a bomb . You have to be careful . Open the safe door first -LRB- you ca n't take the gold bullion darnit -RRB- . Then open the other door and waste the bank thugs . The hostages will run away . You then pick up the bomb walk over to the safe and throw the bomb in . Close the door and the bomb will blow . You have won the first level . I 'm not going to walk you through the rest of the levels because they are n't as hard navigating through -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- as the first was . The rest of the levels consist of beating scorpion , the police , rhino -LRB- do n't worry he 's got small brains -RRB- , venom -LRB- awesome -RRB- , lizard -LRB- you do n't get to fight him though only his lizardmen -RRB- , symbiotes -LRB- there 's firewebbing to fry them ! -RRB- mysterio , doc ock -LRB- weaker then you would expect -RRB- , carnage -LRB- awesome -RRB- , and a fusion between carnage and doc ock , Monster Ock . There are also a few appearances in the little movies between levels from daredevil , punisher , human torch , and a few more . Very fun game .
 I will not lie . I have been a big spider-man fan aprox . 7 years ago at five years old , and still am . This was when we had a new animated series on fox kids , with Goosebumps , Silversurfer , and that cartoon with the purple cat . Yes fellow 13 year olds ... Them days . That was a great show , and a joy to watch , and i still have a recorded old tape , of the the 6 forgeten wariors mini = siries on the show.As for this game , it was great fun to play . Sometimes I 'd give a little chuckled when I ram an enemy into a wall web the webs . Therte are some very cool moves to do to enimies , just experiment . My copy now is very scratchy and unplayable , and I 'm not buying a game I already beat , but maybe for under 10.00 . Two days ago I bought a copy of Spi.man 2 at a used game store down the block , and there 's a really anoying part with a plane that I ca n't beat . Send help to BGK90@aol.com please .
 Warning
 WOW !!! This game is great . I bought it for my four-year old son who LOVES spiderman . He played it on ` child ' mode and it seemed easy enough for him . I played it on ` child ' mode and it was fun . Still have to play on the other difficulty levels . The graphics are great , except that sometimes spiderman becomes invisible . Highly recommend !
 This game has good graphics and has a great setting .
 WOWZA !! this game is action packed and full of fun . This game has 4 different difficulty levels , hard , medium , easy or kid mode . Each level has lots of puzzles and objectives . theres also training mode where you can practice using your web yourfist and your kicks . there are tons of cotumes to unlock and tons of cheats you can use . And did i mention bosses ?!?! Theres lots of them . Theres Scorpion , Rihno , Venom , Mysterio , Doc.Ock , Casady and last but certainley not least theres Monster Ock . the story line is , ???????? the shapeshifter disguised as spidey and steals Otto Octavious -LRB- Doc . Ock -RRB- 's new invention . everyone beleives it was the real spidey and you have to prove them wrong . Now the cops are after you , and you cant let them stop you .
 Well , for the past three years , I have been using EA Sports ' `` MVP Baseball 2004-2005 '' . I was always pleased with these games and I though they could n't get any better . This new game produced by 2K Sports , `` Major League Baseball 2K6 '' is a new experience worth the while . After several release delays , I finally got my hands on one to rent . I was pleased by many new features , while some things I was not at happy about . There are many features that this game has that no one has ever seen.First , let 's start with the graphics . The graphics are no where near the calibur that EA Sports provided , but are fine quality . The faces are still pretty close to real-life . Second , the gameplay is much more realistic . The dives , jumps , throws , and gameplay action are much more like those seen in the big leagues . The batting sequences are much more better suited to the players represented in the game . Each player 's own personality is built into their own swing , running style , and fielding style.The pitching features are PHENOMENAL ! The new `` INSIDER 'S EDGE '' featurette is incredible . Like real-life , the catcher will make the calls of what pitch he wants in which location based on the batter 's strengths and weaknesses . That makes this game more close to real-life than anything ever seen before . The pitching styles are much more accurate to the real-life counterparts too.What I really like about this game is how much the gameplay and difficulty is much closer to real-life . For example , in MVP Baseball 2005 , I would have the difficulty set to the highest , `` MVP '' and the statistic numbers were complete fantasy . At the All-star break , half of my players would have 100 + RBIS and my pitchers would be 13-2 with a 1.50 ERA . In this game it is a challenge , which I have been looking for . There is a setting in the game that makes the game even more challenging . I believe it is called `` Dynamic difficulty . '' So if you are pitching and start giving up hits after hits , the computer will start ralying , just like any team would in real life , because the computer gets an andrenaline boost in a sense.If you want a game as close to real-life as possible , this is the game you want . I am very pleased with this game and am a proud owner of 2K Sports ' `` Major League Baseball 2K6 . ''
 I would have given this game a higher rating , if not for some faults.First , the game is good . It 's realistic in its ' play and the commentary is so much better than MVP 2005 . Most of what made the MVP series great are partof this game , also . You have to find them , though since them menus are a little different.The play is more challenging , even on a rookie level , but you can win and tweak the system to win . But the challenge is worth the playing.The flaws ? Well , the graphics of the players are nowhere near what they were with MVP . The stadiums are well done . The crowds are much better than the one in MVP.The players however , leave something to be desired . It seems that they used Visual Concepts to do the art work . The company is great with stadiums , like NCAA Football 2k3 , the players look a little bit robot like . You would think after 4 years they would get better with designing people or get somepeople that could do better.Also , there 's no way to see who is coming up next in the line-up . You need info like that to play for pinch hitting purposes . Names under the batters would be nice.Last , they cut off the post game comments in the Game Cube version . I would have left off the pre game chatter and added some kind of post game recap.If you can overlook the flaws , the game is fun and a challenge . They do n't have a Major League Baseball 2007 , which is a shame . They probably discontinued because of Wii , yet Game Cube games can be played on the Wii , so why not make another for Game Cube folks ?
 My boys love this game . Not only are they learning the fundamentals of the game , but they are learning the different players on their favorite team . When we heard that Gamecube was not making a 2007 version we were a little disappointed . Once we received the game , all of that disappointed went away . My boys are enjoying it tremendously and their father is enjoying teaching them about the game .
 This is the best baseball game i 've ever played . It 's the last one for GameCube , which is sad , but it 's also the best . Good gameplay , presentation , graphics are good for the system , the dynasty mode it 's complete -LRB- you can even force trades ! -RRB- . Anyway , i 've played other baselball games , but this one is definitely the best !
 My son recently got a GameCube and he really enjoys playing this game !
 Just play it , you will agree with me ... I have all the HITMAN games ... They are the best games ever ...
 Got the item in like new condition have had hours of fun playing the game , and I did n't get to the best part yet the price I got it at on Amazon.ccriderjohn .
 This game works on windows 7 too . The picture is a small square in the middle or a full screen picture . The full screen is blurry , however the small screen is bigger than a nintendo DSi XL so who cares?I did n't realize how much reading skills kindergartners were supposed to have so my daughter is behind . This game is saving my life . HOP is good too . There are different skill levels and the material is solid . She loves this game and I had to pry her away from the computer . This game is so much better than any of the workbooks we have .
 Tarzan is one of the best games I 've ever played ! I first bought this game when I was 7 years old . I am 16 now , and a hardcore gamer , but I still love playing this game ! The graphics are top notch and the gameplay is fun and addictive . There are tons of cool moves to use as well as 3 difficulty levels to challenge your skill level with.Whether you 're a hardcore gamer or brand new to video games , this is a great game to get !
 Tarzan yells in triumph as you control the ultimate hero 's passage through his jungle home swing , climb , run , jump and surf this game is great !
 Tarzan , is a mix of both modern platformers and old school style side scrolling action . This is a succesfull mix that results in a lot of fun.For most of the game you play as Tarzan , as a adult and as a kid , Terk in the camp level , and the amusing Jane sequence . The graphics are very good , capturing the spirit of a jungle , with lots of creatures wondering around , light from treetops and lots more . Disney has always been good in delivering great music that is enjoyable all by itself and Tarzan is no diffrent , with bongos , drums and the themes from the movie.The 3 challenge levels give you a taste of difficulty and a different ending for each one . The levels are also very cool and neat to play through.Unfortunity Tarzan suffers from some serious problems . I pretty much gaurantee that you will get very annoyed by the jungle creatures that will try to kill you on your quest for manhood and survival , especially the stupid birds that bombard you with coconuts , and yet , you can never kill them ! What 's up with that ?! The monkeys are also very annoying Also , some of the moves can be difficult for young kids to pull off . The final two levels are really difficult to defeat , and defeating the evil Clayton is really difficult.Overall , Tarzan is a good game that no one should pass up , especially if they want sidescrolling action.The good
 I loved this game ! You start out as a young Tarzan and soon grow into an adult . On that path , you start fighting small monkeys and then move up to Sabor , the leopard , and then Clayton 's men . I had a lot of fun . It is easy at some points , but some thinking comes into some levels . And Clayton is n't too easy too beat . The hardest part of the last level , is simply running around the large vines , trying to get to the top of the tree , for the final battle .
 Tarzan is awesomome , it needs olny 1 block of memory , great graphics , awesome color , and a pot full of action . If you want a action game so bad buy this one . It is defentily worth your time .
 I orignally got this game for my 6 year old but after she had difficulty with a level I helped her complete it & got addicted . This is a great game & my whole family loves it
 This game is FANTASTIC !!!! Bought it for my four-year old son and he loves it . I love it ! It 's fun and challenging . My son loves throwing fruit at the baboons and other creatures and he loves swinging from the vines . FUN , FUN , FUN . Highly recommend for the whole family .
 This game is made for younger kids but I think it 's the best yet that I have seen so far .
 My whole family love 's this game ! The video clips and graphics are pure Disney Magic ! My 4 yr . old and 7yr . old love it , as well as my husband . I do n't play much , but it is definetly a game I do n't mind to watch when my family is playing . It is exciting and entertaining to watch , and I love the time my husband and children spend together while they are playing!A + + + + + + for this Diney Game !
 I love this product ! It was a blast from my past . I always enjoyed playing this game . I would recommend this product to any video game player ! Great condition .
 MY daughter had this game for the PC when she was maybe 5 or 6 . She loved it . The Playstation version is EXACTLY the same . In comparison to 2012 , the graphics are crude but this game follows along with the animated Disney movie in may ways , though it is not a storybook adventure . My daughter had as much playing it at 18 as she did when she was little on the PC and it took us all back to her childhood . For a couple dollars , it was worth the investment .
 My son had this game when he was young and I just loved to play it . This copy does try to act up on me a little but with patience , I can get it working . I love this game !
 We bought this game 'cause the original one it 's scratched.My wife loves this game , we played it with our daughter -LRB- now 17 ! -RRB- but not with the younger children , and as she did , they love it too.Great game , even in this era of 3D Tv 's and games , the important thing is always playability and characters
 I rented this game about 1-3 years ago at Blockbuster and personally I liked that one martian boss . I loved it ! The Ice Age , The Stone Age , I loved it all ! It may have bad graphics compared to the PS2 , but it 's still a good game . The graphics are as good as Blasto , and that 's not bad .
 If you love Bugs Bunny and Looney Tunes as I do , then rent this game if you must try it because it is a major disappointment . It has too many moves to master for young players . The graphics seem primitive and not in a good way . The angle of view can change easily enough but it does not help in gauging jumps or depth . Trying to tell where you are going can be difficult . Also , the is some tedious busywork to lengthen the game . Walking around picking up boxes and rocks to stack up to jump someplace higher is not that much fun , really .
 I recommend this game to anyone who likes a challenge , or has a lot of patience . At some parts it can get frustrating and hard , but you do find a way out of it , you just have to try . I am stuck on one part now where you have to match these color squares , and that is definitely hard . Can anyone help me with that ? Just asking ... but anyway , it is really fun to play , for adults and kids . I grew up watching bugs bunny and the other looney tunes characters . This would make a great gift : -RRB-
 This was one of my very favorite games when I was a child and I spent years looking for it again . The person I bought my copy from kept the disc , its case , and its booklet in mint condition . Not to mention he sold it for an unbelieveably cheap price ! The game is a classic . You find yourself in a time machine and go through many different time periods . You fight some of the other Looney Tunes characters and collect clocks and golden carrots so you can get back to your own time . There are a few puzzles you 'll have to figure out along the way . Children will enjoy this game more than adults would , although the last few levels are incredibly difficult -LRB- I was cursing up a storm at Marvin the Martian -RRB- . One of the best original Playstation games out there .
 The graphics in this game were somewhat bad , but the game itself is very amusing . Some levels are fun and some make you want to tear your hair out . I like the fact that Bugs Bunny literally lives on 6 hit points -LRB- from what I remember -RRB- and basically infinite lives . There were ton of levels in the game where it takes a lot of time and practice to get right and sometimes they become frustrating . It actually took me years to finally complete this game one time . As a kid and even for adults , this game is enjoyable .
 This game is ranked in my top 10 list . This game has all the characters that you see in the Bugs Bunny cartoons . It a great platform game .
 While it is a little embarassing for a 23-year old to be playing what 's obviously a children 's game , it is even more embarassing to try playing games like `` Oddworld '' and not be able to get past the first five minutes -LRB- even after consulting the instruction booklet -RRB- . But Bugs Bunny
 Bugs Bunny Lost in time was really cool ! If you 've played the Crash games or Pac Man World you 're going to love this ! The point of the game is to collect clocks to unlock different levels . The more clocks you find the more levels you unlock . Also the difficulty of the level varies on how many clocks you find . Like if you find about 150 you get really cool levels in different lands . There are different time periods in the game . The medieval era where you meet that weird halloween witch and the 1940 's where you meet these two dudes , I forget their names . The Pirate era where obviously Bugs meets Yosemite Sam , and also the future where you meet Marvin the Martian , oh and also the dinosaur era where Bugs meets Elmer Fudd.There are other time periods but I did n't get enough clocks . Also there is a wizard named Merlin Monroe who guides you and helps you throughout the game . He also tends to give you certain powers that help you during this fun-filled game . Coming from me I recommend this game very very highly !
 My husband & I loved this game ! It 's not too hard , but you have to be smart to get 100 % . The graphics are great and hours go by before you know it . You get to ski and ride a rocket skateboard -LRB- which is hard -RRB- , as well as defeat some of Bugs ' legendary enemies !
 I was a big fan of the Looney Tunes cartoons as a kid , so I love this game . There are all the old favorite characters ; Witch Hazel with her absurdly small feet who leaves a cloud of hair pins after her , Yosemite Sam in his various historical personae ; the medieval king , the pirate , etc. , Marvin the Martian and his dumpy-bodied flamingo-like troops . Lots of fun challenges and logic puzzles , but definitely not for younger kids - I still ca n't win the scooter race with Marvin the Martian .
 I like this game , but ... After a while it gets frustrating . It is fun seeing characters from the cartoon , but when you get to the 1930 's world , and the Martians world , you get fists of fury . I recommend renting the game before buying it . But do n't think of it as the worst game on the planet either . Hey , I liked it ! Do n't give it to 5-year-old gamers that are way too used to stuff like Spyro and Crash , because it gets frustratingly hard in some places . Happy game playing !
 I think that this game rules ! I would recomend this this game to anyone who is looking for a challenging game . This is a very puzzling game for older kids who think hard .
 i remember this game since i was 7 . Its a good thing i found it here . this game is fun for all ages . there is fun puzzles for people to solve and the last level was pretty hard , but over all i give this game 5 stars .
 This game if a must for gamers of all ages who enjoy animated characters . Fun puzzles , lots of action .
 This game is cool ! its like watching loony tunes on the tv except you are playing insted of watching!I would certainly recommend it ! The graphics are ok but that is understandable because it was in shops in 1999 so I ca n't belive its such a fun game theres so much to do as well !
 I rented this game about 1-3 years ago at Blockbuster and personally I liked that one martian boss . I loved it ! The Ice Age , The Stone Age , I loved it all ! It may have bad graphics compared to the PS2 , but it 's still a good game . The graphics are as good as Blasto , and that 's not bad .
 The entire Ultima series from 1 - 9 is excellent . Only versions 7 - 9 could be played on Windows machines though . The music , the storyline , the characters , it 's all excellent . Be sure to save your game often . Based on your created character as well as your own virtuous -LRB- or not -RRB- behavior , this game can be played for years ... if you 're not playing games 4 hours every day on your computer . Ultima IX Ascension -LRB- this game -RRB- along with the others in the series really rocks ... so much so that there are plenty of still current sites , years later , with remakes , specialty game patches , forks with different story lines , etc. , all just to keep the fun of Ultima alive . This is a single player game though , so if you 're into the `` group thing '' you 'll probably want to pass on this one .
 this product was well worth the sixty bucks i spent on it but the only thing that was wrong was that four of the eight games on the ultima collections disk did not work . Ultima IX works very well even on windows vista . The books are a nice touch so if you are a fun or just now discovering ultima by this now .
 This game was good on 64 , but it was somewhat disappointing.I was disappointed at the way your commanders mouths dont move when they talk to you , you 'd think they would have added that in . The 3-d animation is really good in some aspectes of the game , not so good in some others.The boxes with a black stick coming out is the best impression of a tank they can give you , frankly its insulting , and the controls are way to hard to master if you are in a heap of trouble.The N64 control is too small with not enough buttons for C&C . But it does have its advantages.If you dont have a computer , then get C&C , just to give a taste of C&C on PC.The thing that surprised me was the `` ghost '' cursor they give you.If you move the cursor over a hill , it looks like its climbing over a hill , I like that.I think that the game is a good challenge for people who beat C&C , its the same , but it will feel REALLY wierd the first couple of missions.But even with all that , I still like the game .
 I was impressed with the diferrent weapons and tanks available . The idea of two fictional sides such as GDI and Nod is wonderful . The best weapon is the Nuclear Strike for NOD . It 's the best wargame I 've ever heard of . In my opinion it has better graphics than the original version on the PC .
 If you do n't have a computer , this is the Command and Conquer game for you . While there are no new innovations to the classic CGI vs Nod stooryline and gameplay , the graphics and sound have been improved tremendously . The explosions and flames are particularly striking even without an expansion pack . The game has a great difficulty curve , earlier missions being easier than later ones . Conversion from mouse control to the N64 control is impressive . I found it easier to control than the actual keyboard/mouse combinations of the PC versions . Overall , Veteran C&C players wo n't find anything new here , but for those new to it , the game proves to be quite a find .
 I got this game and I thought it was going to be just an okay game . Did I ever find out how wrong I was ! The game is absolutely addictive ! You can play as the Global Defense Initiative -LRB- GDI -RRB- the good guys or the bad guys , who are simply called the NOD . There are 15 GDI missions and 13 NOD missions . There are also two exclusive N64 only missions for each side . The grapihics are okay , but not anything real fancy . If you want to run the game in High Resolution mode make sure you have an expansion pack ; this also makes the graphics better . Just remember to go to the opions menu and select High Resolution everytime you play because if you do n't the game will run on Medium Resolution . When you use and airstrick for the GDI or use a lot of flamthrowers , flamtankes , or a Nuclear Missile for the NOD , the game play will so slow down to a crawl until the fire stopsm but after the napalm is it out the game goes back to its normal speed . When a soldier dies he spills over and a little pile of blood comes out and then it disappears along with the body . If you run over enemy troops with tank or something , you get a squishy sound . When a soldier dies you may hear a scream . These are the only violent grapcis in the game . The music is great at times , but some of the tracks are boring . This is the best strategy game for the N64 ! A little hint to help is that the NOD are great at whiping out infantry while the GDI are better equipped to handle tanks and defensive positions . When you are capable to produce tanks and vehicles build vehicles instead of infratry because a NOD flame tank or a NOD flamethrower can wipe out a lot of infantry with no problem at all . If you play as the NOD then build turrets and light tanks to take out the GDI forces . You can use a group of light tanks to run over infantry . Also another hint is that if you play as NOD build some recon motorcycles in the later missions when GDI uses ORCAs , they are kind of like helicopters , to harrass you and if the recon units are in guard mode they will attack the flying pests . This is definitely a must have since new N64 games are no longer coming out . Some of the later missions can take up to three to four hours to complete . Have fun !
 Command and Conquer is the greatest strategy game I 've seen for N64 . This game allows you to plan and strategize as the action happens , unlike other slow , methodical , and totally boring strategy games.Another cool part is you can choose which side to fight on
 I hear the PC version is deeper , but whatever . To sit in my living room , in comfort , and play C&C in 3D is quite a pleasure ! The 3D is such a nice touch . Ex . Where is the enemy A -LRB- nti -RRB- A -LRB- ircraft -RRB- site ? I do n't see it . But , if you move around , there it is ! It was behind a tree . See ? It 's 3D , that 's part of the game . Anyway , if you like strategy games , what do you have on N64 ? This , and Starcraft , and what ? So , if you 're tired of Mario and Peach and want a game that makes you think , and yet has lots of action in it , here it is ! Highly recommmend this game .
 This game is cool . It 's the only N64 game I know of that allows you to command attacks and build things to help you in your conquest . The graphics are only OK if you do n't have an expansion pack .
 This game is fun and challenging.I like everything about this game , exept you dont do much.When enemies are right by your men , you dont shoot them , your men automaticlly shoot them.All you do is command your men.This game is cool because as you beat more levels , you get to buy better troops.You start out with minigunners and two trucks.When you get a big truck , you get to run over enemies.If your not aloud to rent games where you shoot the c ** p out of people you 'll be aloud to rent this game because you do n't shoot people , you just tellthem to shoot people .
 The main thing wrong with the game is that its the exact same as the pc version . It needs more red alert-tiberium sun stuff in it . You know , more techno and gadgits . People do n't want a computer game on nentindo . People want better games on nentindo than the previous versions .
 this game is a classsic every n64 owner should have this great game i like this command and conquer better than the new ones that came out on the xbox 360 this is a great game buy it while you can
 I remember playing this game as a kid . I like the freedom it gives you to play like you want to play . You can either build up a massive army and dessimate the enemy or challenge yourself and try to finish off the enemy with a smaller army . Either way , it 's up to you and it 's fun ! bottom line . I do have a question for any reader out there , '' How the hell do you beat the level that only gives you one cammando ? '' Still to this day that damn level haunts me :-RRB- !!!!!
 Great game but never got the manual -LRB- which was supposed to be included -RRB- . It would be nice if you got what you paid extra for .
 This is a Fantastic game ! It 's a live strategy/action game , which means unlike other strategy games that are slow and methodical and allow you a lot of time to plan your strategy and then you sit and watch a bunch of repetitive screen animations that you have no control over . Command & Conquer requires you to apply strategy continuously as the action happens in front of you . Command & Conquer also allows you to play either side , the good guys or the bad guys . There are 15 missions for the GDI side and 13 for the NOD side . Each mission has a specific goal that must be done to complete it , but any one mission can be beaten several different ways . The controls for the game are pretty easy to learn . The graphics for the game are great . There are up to three variations for each mission making a total of 50 different scenarios . This is not a game that you 're going to beat in one day . It is a very challenging game , but at the same time a lot of fun . I 've heard a lot of bad reviews about the playstation version , that is not the case here . I ca n't say enough good things about Command & Conquer for the Nintendo64 . I ca n't wait for a sequel .
 Command & Conquer for N64 is a lot like the PC version , the big difference being the load time . I found the play to be challenging but arcade like -- its easy to just pick up and go . My only complaint might be the speed that the game can run at when a lot of things are going on at once -LRB- explosions , troop movements , etc. -RRB- . Lotsa fun , lotsa good strategy .
 This game is totally awesome!I love it.The graphics and everything are very , very , very realistic.It makes you believe it could actually happen !
 I was very impressed that they could turn such a good computer game into a Nintendo 64 game and still keep the fun and graphics . You need patience to play , but it is still fun . I love games like this and it was great . I ca n't wait for Starcraft 64 .
 Command and Conquer is my favorite game . I enjoy the game play . I have played both the pc and n64 versions and prefer the nintendo . Graphics are crisp and the controller contains all the necessary buttons . This game does provide many challenges but that is what makes it so fun to play .
 While not as good as Red Alert , it is still a great game . C&C on any system is great .
 This game was just what the N64 needed . It was a great all around game for new comers and old gamers alike . I personaly think it is the very best besides Bond .
 OK , I 'll be quick . Great game . Cool levels . Lots of explosions . Tough game . You buy game . The end .
 This is an awesome game with good graphics.The play control is responsive and the challenge is great .
 this game is very cool.it is all startigy.builde a huge army or simply set up a ambush buy the game its awesome
 Any fan of Zoo Tycoon 2 should love this expansion . This expansion pack includes : * 20 new rare animals with many endangered * Vehicle & Sky Tram Tours * Elevated paths * New challenges * New objects with some themedThe new animals are really near & the 2 kinds of tours are an excellent addition . My only complaint is that there are n't more challenges . There are only 3 categories with 3 scenarios in each . The 3 scenarios in 1 of the categories is just taking certain pictures . How easy is that ? I want more challenges !!! The only other thing that I could nit-pick on would be that fact that the zookeepers still have trouble getting to some of the poop . Overall though I would recommend this game as long as you can get it at a good price .
 This is really a great expansion pack ! Well worth the money to get it ! The addition of the new animals is alot of fun ! Besides that the sky track and jeep tours are really interesting . The new facilities are great . A must have for all zoo tycoon fans !
 this is a great game and i love it ! i have played it for days and just cant stop . it 's cool to have jeep tour to take your guests through the exhibits with no fences . there are also now volcanoes and they erupt.there are new animals and themes . you can make bridges over the lions cage or water . dont forget the railing or the guests will fall into the lions cage.the game has great graphics and every animal has a different pattern . the guests now have sappy new clothes . if you 're like me and cant find the cd to your zoo tycoon 2 then buy this and you 'll get more than what you had . i love this game and i found time to write this review by wanting everybody to know about it . but i still have more to tell . there is a bounce house for all the young people . also do n't forget about the photo kiosk.now you finally can have your wolves fight against the legendary emporor penguin ! waddle little penguins ! waddle ! do n't forget about the sky tower , hedset kiosk , face painting kiosk and the discovery kiosk . no ! i almost forget about the breeding center , crystal caves , fog machine , snow machine , sequioa tunnel , rock pool , bat cave , and geyser . we also have sky trams and elevated paths . i love this game and it well worth the money . this is a must have game !!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter and I have lots of fun with this one . She loves to receive the endangered species special reward in the game for having a good amount of endangered animals . She has learned so much about animals and their habitats and what their likes and dislikes are just from playing this game . She is learning while playing and no complaints - go figure . I love to play too except I do n't get to if she is around , She takes over . We love the game very much .
 I had seen a ton of advertisements for this expansion pack before I got it , and they all did a great job of saying that the game was dull . It is , however , NOT!The rides -LRB- The trams , the Jeeps -RRB- were a great asset in adding to your guests ' happiness and park ratings . The new animals are fun and -LRB- Fennec Foxes and Gray Wolves especially -RRB- breed like rabbits . There is n't that much in the way of new buildings and scenary , but that hinderence is made up for by the new features . The only complaints I have is that there are only two Jeep models and the new kiosks are n't as well detailed as the ones in the original game . Also , you ca n't see too well when you 're riding in a Jeep and , even on high detail , the dashboard and stuff are really blurry . Otherwise , this is a must buy !
 This expansion is exellent ! I highly reccomend it . You now have more animals and objects and buildings . I must warn you though , the scenarios are VERY difficult , but that 's what makes this so fun ! Great for any budding Zoo Tycoon
 This is a great game ! Love to see the animals play and I have tons of fun setting up the zoo and doing the challenges . Only problem I have noticed is after playing for about 3 hours the games freezes and you have to reboot your pc . So , as long as you do n't play for that long and you save the game periodically you should be fine . :-RRB- Have fun and buy Zoo Tycoon !! The original Zoo Tycoon is a blast too ... but make sure you get the complete edition to enjoy the marine life too ! I ca n't wait til they add that to Zoo Tycoon 2 !! : -RRB-
 This is a terrific program for your future zoologist ! My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- is hooked on it and loves learning about the animals and creating appropriate habitats for them . I 've even taken a shot at creating zoos and 3 hours later , decided it was time to return to duty . It 's similar to owning your own little zoo that you create everything from scratch , from selecting the right habitats to chosing entertainment for guests to even cleaning up after animals . It 's a great program for all .
 My nephew loves the Zoo Tycoon Games . He loves the added animals in this game and also loves the Sky Ride you can make to go around your zoo . This arrived quickly and has been working well so far . Thanks
 still wish they 'd add more animals , but overall kids enjoy it , so do I !
 I got this for my 7 year old , but the whole family loves it . I like trying to make the ultimate zoo . My daughter is just trying to keep her animals alive , and my husband likes to `` experiment '' with putting a bunch of tigers together with penguins and other chaos . As far as I can tell it is more of an amusement and novelty than a game though . I dont mind .
 I love simulation games and this is one of my favorites . It fun to create you own zoo and them use the various camera angles to keep an eye on your animals and the people . The Zoo Tycoon Series is a great game for young and old .
 I Love it and Zoo Tycoon Complete Collection , but Zoo Tycoon 2 is much better , because you can make the exhibits much easier.I hope many people buy this game and I ca n't wait for the African Adventure !! I really Love The Game !!!!
 This game is so much fun ! I love it to death . It 's fun to build your own zoo and run it . You can even get to this mode where you can actually walk the paths of your zoo like a real guest ! I 'm sorry I 'm using too many exclamation points , but I love it to death ! So much fun . Your kids will spend forever at the computer , waiting to finish `` just one more scenario ! '' I recommend this for ages 11 up , because it can be a little hard for children under this age . It 's a lot more fun with the expansion pack because you get more stuff , like elevated paths and sky lift tours . Overall , SUPERFUN !!!!! Get this game for a friend and yourself , even if you are an adult !!!!
 This is a good game if you 're a kid I guess . It 's really easy . There are not all the endangered animals in the world I think . If you get it it 's not very hard . But you may not want it because of the level .
 When Zoo Tycoon came out I had to buy it and I loved it . Loved the scenarios and the animals . This is one of the best Zoo Tycoon games I 've played . I do n't own it yet but I 'm going to buy it in a few months . Overall
 I got this game for christmas . It was actually the only computer game I got for christmas . What I like to do is mix dif herbivores in the same exhibit -LRB- e.g. Savannah herbivores together -RRB- . You get higher ratings from the guests if you do it that way . Another game I recommend is The Hobbit . Except you fight the animals instead of taking care of them . All in all , this is a terrific game !
 The expansion pack adds some cool things like showing the family tree of the animal , . . so you do n't get mixed up whether to adopt out a baby animals mother who is still nursing , for example . They add new themes of park amenities . Riding in the jeep is fun . There is new clothing on some guests . Koala 's , Discovery bay -LRB- with streaming film about animals on it for guests to view -RRB- , etc.Zoo Tycoon 2 and expansion pack , even got me wanting to go to a real zoo desperately and sort of live the game in the flesh . You learn about biomes , different needs of various animals , learn about business and customer needs , terrain , construction , ... and develop a desire to do some good out there .
 I have all ZT2 expansion packs except for Extinct Animals -LRB- dinos just do n't do it for me -RRB- and I have to say that the Endangered Species expansion is the best . The scenarios are far better than the ones added with African Adventure and Marine Mania because they are more challenging and interesting . The new animals are a lot of fun and I think you get the most for your money , compared to the other expansions -LRB- again , I can not speak for Extinct Animals -RRB- . I love it !
 This expansion pack is a great addition to the original Zoo Tycoon 2 game . My kids love to play it , and so do I. I only wish it had more new campaign/scenario games .
 Plain and simple , read my review for Zoo Tycoon 2 and you 'll understand why I like these games . You get more animals and more fun . I 'm waiting to buy African Adventure & Marine Mania so I can rule the zoo world once again . Too much fun and very educational .
 My 8 year old daughter just loves Zoo Tycoon 2 and now it 's even funner . This adds so many more animals , different terrains and many other neat stuff . She really likes being able to set up the trails and ride in the jeeps . Also the overhead arial trams are great fun to set up and ride in . The view from the sky is great and gives you a different perspective of what your zoo looks like . Also , the elevated sidewalks/bridges are great for getting a good look at exhibits , especially the girrafes . The graphics are really very cool . She likes learning about animals and wants to some day become a zookeeper . She is getting a feel for each animals habitat and the different food and shelter they each need . Zoo Tycoon 2 with this endangered species expansion pack provides literally thousands of hours of fun . In fact , there is no end . She has received the Marine life expansion pack as a gift recently too and she loves teaching the animals to do tricks and put on shows . Great game . Keep them coming !!!
 I 've had this game for about a mouth but it took till the day it was shiped for me to fall in love with it . I had to wait a long time for it but it was worth it . This game has sooooooooo many cool and new animals like -LRB- do n't blame me if I spell it wrong -RRB- the Fennec Fox , Kola , Cresent Gibbin , -LRB- which is some kind of gorilla or monkey -RRB- and much much more . This game also includes things likke jeep tours and sky tram tour that you and guets can ride . I like the Jeep tour better than the sky tram tour Becuse the jeep tours are easyer to make but the sky tram tours give a waaaaay better view and ca ' t be stopped by any animals or zoo keepers . I should remind you to place a thing that will stop the guest from walking on the jeep trail when a jeep is come and the trail goes over a path . There Are Couple new tudisuals or how ever it spelled . The last thing I will thell you is the gust got some style no more plain Jane just style.Thats all I have to say I hope you found this reveiw helpful
 The 1st Zoo Tycoon was ok , but i didnt like the zoom issue.Zoo tycoon 2 is totally awesome !! it would be cool if there were more of the easter eggs like in the 1st 1 though . like the mermaid statue thing was pretty cool . any way it totally shouldnt be rated E10 + i mean heck my 4 year old sister plays it !! -LRB- w/me , of course -RRB- it 's not like the animals get totally violent like with blood or anything -- there 's just a cloud of dust and * poof * the animal turns into `` Carcass of Whatever it 's name is `` another problem is that my animals always get out somehow and its not like the fences can fall down or anything ... and poop !! dang , those animals can poop a lot especially the birdsmy personal favorite animal -LRB- on the expansion pack -RRB- is the fennec fox there so cute w / there big ears they kinda look like chiuauas -LRB- spelling ?!?!?!? -RRB- Conclusion
 As I said , AWSOME !!!! It adds slightly better graphics , like 30 new endangered animals and tone of stuff for them . There are truck and sky tram tours and tons more . Some of the animals are : Komado DragonFlordia cougerGrey wolfJavan rhinoMarkorSpanish LynxGalapogos Giant TortioseScimitar-Horned OryxKoalaFennec foxBlack Leopard
 I ca n't stop playing ! I 've been a Zoo Tycoon fan for a long time now , but just got this game a couple months ago and the Endangered Species expansion . The 3D graphics are neat and animations are varied -- it 's fun to just watch the animals and people . I love the challenge games -- they are really challenging ! There are a few bugs that get annoying such as games locking up during some challenges , etc , but nothing major . After I installed the expansion pack , I also noticed the graphics were a bit choppy and the speed was slightly lagged.Overall , though , I would suggest this game for the whole family . There is really good information there about each species and it can be very educational and fun !
 With my 5 grandchildren this expansion pack has something for all of us . It 's educational for the little ones and finally I can make a raised walkway , something I 've wanted since the original Zoo Tycoon . The conservation areas are a wonderful addition and make for some interesting playing , as do the Jeep ride and the Sky tram . The new buildings and objects add to the diversity of the Biomes to create a zoo within a zoo . This is a game for all ages and can actually help with computer skills and becoming comfortable with computers .
 My Grandson enjoys this very much . Very educational in the fact he does everything by himself and makes him design things
 I just got this game a few days ago and started to play it and man its really fun ! I dont care for the sky tram but the Jeep ride is great !! Along with the 20 species i got ta say its nothing but fun-filled hours of playing and discovering great things !! I have all three expansion packs now i got ta get the safari one in which i m gon na wait out on finacially yet i ll get it soon enough but honestly this is a great expansion pack for all ZT2 fans ; the dino , the marine and this one is the best yet !! Even the price is quite reasonable i highly recommned it for all fans of this great computer game !!
 This is one of my all time favorite games . Very fun . Kids enjoy playing also . Just wish there was more senerios . nice graphics
 Boaugh this for my 10 year old grandson and he really enjoys all aspects of the game . It also teaches as they play .
 This is a great expansion to the Zoo Tycoon 2 game . My son loves building the skywalks and jeep tours around the exhibits .
 I bought this game for my son and he loves it -LRB- he is an animal lover and a Zoo Tycoon fan -RRB- . Just like the base game Zoo Tycoon 2 , the features are easy to use . New trees , buildings , animals , bridges and Jeep tours are just the beginning . My son and I both love the endless play and possibilities . I would say that if you have Zoo Tycoon 2 , then you need all the expansion packs . But this expansion pack is the greatest in my opinion because of the elevated bridges.You ca n't go wrong with any of the Zoo Tycoon games . Kids and adults love them .
 i really liked it ... i was pumped cuz i built an entire zoo , and finished a lot of challenges !
 I like this game more than the first edition , because I am able to interact with the animals .
 I love this game . My husband says I 'm addicted to it.The expansion pack is a great addition to the game . I was hoping for more things like the first Zoo Tycoon game packs with the marine animals and such -LRB- I would love to swim with the sharks -RRB- , but it 's still good.The freezing up is definitely a problem . I have gotten into the habit of saving the game just about every time I add an animal , especially if it 's something I have had to wait a long time to build up money for . I have also had the problem with my whole computer shutting down . I hope it 's something they fix . Having to save all the time takes away from the fun of the game.I have also noticed a problem with it freezing up when I 'm walking around in zoo guest mode . I hit the space bar to have it do something like put food down or wash an animal and it takes a minute to get going again . No smooth flow there.A fun game to play , but save often .
 Graphics are better than ever and challenge a real thrill . I would recommend this to every game player .
 I spend a great amount of time resisting this violent video age we live in . I do n't believe it 's the best way to develop a brain ! My sons are still at the age that I have control ! However they are rapidly advancing in age and in independence . Thank goodness my 12 year LOVES Age of Empires 3 . I have to say that I 'm very impressed with the game myself . It 's really like a complex video chess game.PS My son says it 's way better than Empire 2 .
 the graphic were sweet , there 's no denying that they were better than before.but that seems to have been the main thing they worked on.the campaignes and stuff were short and pretty much no different than the other AOE games .
 I have played all of the Age of Empires series and this one is the best hands down .
 Jameson L Thottam
 I bought this game for my 16 year old sone for Christmas . He loves it ! He enjoys the challenge of building his empire and enjoys the challenge of protecting it .
 i have every single age of empires game and all age of mythologyand ever since i got them i have been addicted to them ever since and they are greatgames to get also if you like them try black and white 2 !!!!!
 I 'll try to keep this one breif . Age of Empires III is good - really , really good . Probably the best game of 2005 . Great gameplay , great graphics , great fun in general.Despite all of this greatness , it does n't QUITE measure up to the Age of Kings . I mean , I still play Age of Kings to this day , I do n't know if I 'll be doing that with Age of Empires III.Nonetheless , a great game all around , a must-have for all strategy fans . If you have a good enough computer , a real jewel .
 Look -- I thought Ensemble screwed up Age of Mythology . I could n't get my armies big like I wanted , and the graphics were too nice at the expense of gameplay . They pretty much got it right with AOE III.Still the graphics are a little too good , and I can not even crank them to full power with my Geforce 5200 and Athlon 2600 + processor . It seems to be a heavy burdon with some of the maps due to textures . Ok , maybe I should buy a new graphics card or processor -- but I am not made of money and can not do that with every round of games . I prefer good gameplay and do n't care so much about the pretty picture - hey I still think that Galaga and Defender rock.Still overall , this game delivers and is worth the money . I have n't gone online yet to play , I am too scared that I will get addicted to that like I did with AOE II . But it is a good use of an hour or so to take on a team of 3 computer enemies and waste them all .
 If your into strategy games then this game is for you . It has a great campaign game with a great story and you can also play online with god knows who . Plus , if you buy this game with the Asian Dynasties expansion pack the game gets even better . I do n't own the Asian Dynasties expansion pack but I downloaded the trail software and it was great . I plan to purchase it .
 Age of Empires III deals with the European powers colonizing and fighting over the New World -LRB- North America , South America , and the Caribbean -RRB- . Like past AoE games , this newest installment is relatively historically accurate . You can play as eight different nations , each with its own strengths and weaknesses . Personally , I think this is a wonderful game . Being an avid AoE fan , I looked forward to buying it the moment it was announced . But before I bought it , I wondered if it would be worth while , whether all the trailers were as good as the actual game . Of course , the trailers are always better than the real thing . Nevertheless , this game is a Huge step up from AoE II . The biggest steps are graphics and physics . The terrain -LRB- numerous real world maps to chose from -RRB- , each individual soldier , and each building is sculpted very well , so much so that I am amazed at the massive difference between AoE II and II . In addition , the physics of the game are spectacular . When a cannon shoots a building , a large chunk falls off , and even makes a splash in the water . I could go on and on about the improvements , but I wo n't in the interest of space . If you are thinking of getting this game , enjoy the trailers , are both an AoE and RTS fan , I say go right ahead - you will not regret it .
 I have played and enjoyed several real time strategy games , so I was interested to see what this one would be like . Without question , this is the best RTS game that I have ever seen or played , and is definitly near the top of the greatest games of all time . The graphics are ahead of their time -LRB- just make sure yours system can handle them -RRB- . In addition , the gameplay is extremely good . The designers have put a lot of thought into the relative strengths and weaknesses of this game . In other words , the gameplay is balanced , with out overpowering strategies that are impossible to combat . The online multiplayer gave me some trouble at first , but I was able to resolve that issue fairly easily . In the world of strategy games , Age of Empires III has definitely made a place for itself next to Civilization and the other greats .
 When I first played this game a few months ago , I immediately wrote it off as a complete and total failure . Compared to its illustrious predecessor , AOE3 is extremely limited in scope . Where 's the awe and wonder in seeing your cavemen being transformed into pikeman when transitioning from the Stone Age to the Bronze Age ? I was hoping for a sequel closer in majesty and scope to Rise of Nations or Empire Earth 2 . The developers certainly have the expertise and the ambition to do that.Instead , Ensemble Studios , sensing that Stainless Steel and others had already trodden that path , decided to explore a more contained and eventful era - the exploration of the new world . The result is a game lacking in the scope and grandeur of AOE2 , but surprisingly fun to play - providing you can get over or dismiss the lack of realism.The most important issue to overlook is the more self-contained and utilitarian building choices in AOE3 . For instance , Instead of 3 separate buildings for refinding your gold , metal and wood , you have a single market building in which you can research resource gathering refinements in all 3 areas . Or having your villagers gather resources without having to travel to a resource gathering point . This makes it easier to coordinate gameplay , but is n't as realistic . In fact , there are quite a few areas where the developers have sacrificed any sense of reality for gameplay convenience.Another minor nitpick I have with AOE3 is the way the `` City Cards '' concept was presented . Instead of having a limited view of the City Harbor , I wish they had implemented a majestic view of the entire city instead.In conclusion , it 's obvious that Ensemble Studios have turned AOE3 into a much faster paced game , in order to compete with Dawn of War or Warcraft 3 . Instead , the result is a game lacking in that sense of reality that made AOE2 such an in-depth and lengthy experience to play . I would n't call AOE3 a classic , but it has enough merits that it can stand on its own .
 Odered for the Grandson for Christmas . He liked the historical elements of the game and enjoyed the adventure part of it , too .
 Great graphic smooth flow go game and the storyline is well doneI also enjoyed the music and scenes of the new world
 I love playing this game on my PC when I am at home . Its so fun to do and I have had a blast with it .
 This is a fun game and it was shipped quick . It is an RTS game so its time consuming , but most people will like this game .
 I bought this for my husband . He has played it a bit and so has my son . They both seem to enjoy the game , although it only worked on our older XP computer and not on the Windows 7 . I saw online some people found work around , but that just seemed to be to much hassle for a game . All in all though , it worked great on the XP , they enjoyed playing , so I am pleased with the purchase .
 great graphics great story great everything , even somewhat close to reality and that is hard to do with a game .
 Age of Empires III is a good game , and this was a good price for it . It was actually for someone else , so I 'm not too sure about this version . I have n't heard any complaints though .
 I have played this game many times , and I have not even played any of the expansion packs , the original itself is pretty good on its own though I would like to try the complete collection one day . The gameplay is overall smooth and easy to understand , and there are various different ways to play the game , with scenarios or a free for all , you can even build your own map ! I also liked the graphics for this game . This is such an awesome game .
 To begin a review of a game like this , I would like to begin by expressing my most heartfelt gratitude to the outstanding team at Ensemble Studios for first causing me to fall head over heels for computer gaming . It was their debut product , Age of Empires , that kept me sitting at a computer just long enough to realize that I could make something of my hobby . Now , seven years later , I fondly recall my computing beginnings while staring out my office window , as I continue to build the expansive resume required to proudly hold a position at such a company as theirs , an aspiration I 've never quite given up on.Every time I conducted a major overhaul of my then-obsolete computer , there has been an Age game there to put the new equipment to the test . From Rise of Rome to Age of Mythology , Ensemble knows how to create a game whose maximum settings are the computing industry 's maximums at the time.With Age of Empires III , I beamed with a probably idiotic grin as I installed it on my latest piece of machinery , which includes 3GB of DDR2 and two nVidia GeForce 6800 cards in SLI-linked configuration . I figured I would give it a run for its money , and let me say , this game did it.The graphic overhaul tops the list of my favorite elements of this game . The water is actually...water-esque -LRB- which is worthy of mention , as this game and Asheron 's Call II are the only two games I 've ever seen pull it off , and ACII , well , let 's just say it 's on vacation . Forever . -RRB- , buildings crumble to pieces , and the Havoc physics engine just makes my day.Other favorites : - The musical score
 My family have been AOE fans since they first came out -LRB- that 's right -RRB- we love history even though we live in the forest and have many distractions we still love AOE they are historically accurate and the 're are manythings to do you 'd be amazed so have fun and be a fan !
 Age of Empires 3 is nothing short of superb . Just make sure your pc meets all the software requirements . All in all still lots of people play the game online so if you like online games pick this one up
 I was looking for an RTS game similar to the Civilization series , but something that did n't require as much micromanaging . I found Age of Empires III and thought I would give it a try . Although , I would n't rate the game excellent , I have enjoyed playing this game . The controls were simple to learn and get used to , and it had great graphics . The story is n't all that bad either ... although not great.If you like games like Total War , Sim City , Civilization , etc. , and are looking for a game that is fairly simple to play and you can jump right into -LRB- it has a decent tutorial -RRB- then you 'll more than likely enjoy Age of Empires III.System specs game played using
 Upon discovering that some of my favorite old RTS games did not transfer over to my new gaming desktop with Windows Vista -LRB- such as Empire Earth -RRB- , I decided to try Age of Empires III , which was indeed compatible with my Vista operating system.This game greatly reminds me of a refurbished image of the previous installment Age of Empires II . The graphics are updated , and when turned up on a good computer , are quite pleasant to look at , especially the water effects . At higher settings , one can actually see missed cannonballs bounce across the ground and chunks of buildings fall off . The music reminds me a lot of Age of Empires II , but has also been updated to sound less `` midi-like . `` The most notable new feature in this game is the Home City , which can be named and created . As the user plays more and more games , he will earn experience , which can be used to unlock new `` cards '' containing bonuses to be used in the game . Gaining levels can also allow the user to upgrade the visual appearance of his Home City , although this will have no effect in the actual game.The castle from Age of Empires II has been replaced by a large fortress , which can be purchased with one of the Home City bonuses . The explorer is a neat feature as well , serving as a strong , unique unit that is good for exploring and scouting the territory -LRB- the explorer is akin to heroes from Battle for Middle-Earth II -RRB- . Additionally , Native Americans can be recruited , which are quick to build and can be upgraded , sometimes providing that essential edge needed to stave off your opponent while you mass your army in the background.Overall , Age of Empires III was a refreshing update to Age of Empires II that is both fun and easy to play . However , the only downside I can see to this game is its lack of innovation . Although the Home City is a new and creative feature to the game , not much else has changed . But if Age of Empires II worked well for many people , why fix it ? The Empire Earth series failed to stay true to its base in its third installment Empire Earth III , whereas Age of Empires III remains true to its beginnings . The updated graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is seamless , quick , and fun . I recommend this game for any fan of RTS games .
 This game is great if your a fan of strategy games . A little slow at times , but it picks up . So far ive had a great experience with the campaign mode . Also , The multiplayer experience is different , but better , than any other strategy game i 've played . Take it from a normal guy , if you like fun stragtegy games like warcraft III and starcraft , you 'll love Age of empires III
 My 11 years old son has been playing Age of Empires III for the past couple of months . What follows is his review of the game . My only edits were fixing a couple of misspellings and adding a comma or 2 . He 's been playing on a Sony VAIO laptop with Vista . ____________________________________ Age of Empire is about conquering certain parts of what is known today as the United States . You can select a home town and use their unique abilities and fight for the land.The game has a very good story mode . It gives you instant action in some levels and in others it is a slow advancing game . It has a very good mix of the two along with the little movies in some levels.The game 's graphics are very good if you have good graphics hardware . If not you will have to do with low graphics and deal with it if you do n't like lag . It is not much of a loss if you just want to play the game . If you get into a ship battle not even low graphics can save you and a lag attack is unavoidable.Multi player is a great addition to the game and It is a great way to level up your home city if you know which people to verse . If you just go and fight anyone it is very easy to get frustrated and loose many times against the same person.The game play is very good if you like a game where you can explore . In the beginning of each match you have an adventurer and he can explore all the land on the map you 're on and encounter many surprises . Battle mode can be a little unrealistic because you see a person surviving when a cannon hits him or he gets shot three times.All in all Age of Empire is a very good game and is easy to adapt to . It is also easy to make friends on multi player and also great enemies . -- A _____ was here
 As a kid I was more into the shoot-em up type of games but my kid is just a notch above me intellectually . And he really loves the game . While it is true that it can slow your computer dramatically , my advice is to buy memory . We pumped the system to 1.5 GB and the game seems to buffer the data quite well diminishing the disk access delays . Now we run full graphics with good performance.And I should add we scratched the CD and Microsoft had a very good customer service.I 'd call AoE III a fun & safe choice .
 Anyone who has followed the Age of Empires trilogy from AOE 1 will know that the overall game play has really evolved since that first game . If you 'd like to place yourself back in the time of exploration of the new world and fight amazing battles with brilliant graphics then this is the game for you . Ensemble Studios has really outdone themselves with this game ; everything from the trees to the water to the units looks real . However , this game just does n't look good it plays good . The game interface is really easy to master so getting into the game takes no time at all . For anyone who has never played the AOE trilogy before then I 'll summarize what you do . There is a campaign which takes you through the Black families lives from the old world Europe to the New World . There is also a random map option which is very fun ; you can play up to seven different computer opponents at a time -LRB- or as little as on for the beginner -RRB- also there are of course difficulty settings for the computers so no one should have a problem wining a random map game . The other great way to play this game is the multiplayer link which will take you to Ensemble Studios Online . Here you can play with up to eight human players in a game . ESO is defiantly my favorite way to play.There are many ways to play this game so if you have n't bought this yet buy it now ! You will receive hours of RTS -LRB- Real Time Strategy -RRB- enjoyment . -LSB- ... -RSB- P.S. Michele Watson is not the writer of this review the writer is a gamer who knows what he 's talking about .
 I have always liked campaigns on strategy games , and the ones I have played on this game have a great story , it will keep you going , even if you are sick of playing , simply because you need to know what is heppaning next.It is not hard to get into the playmode , but if you never have tried a Age of Empires game I will reconmand that you try the torturial games first , just to see the new things and the extension of this new game.Really a fun game , great work with the graphic , and the 3D , I really like the water fights , they look so real , like when the canons hit , parts of the other ship get blown off , and make the game feel much more realistic .
 I am an old veteran of the AOE series , having played both previous titles extensively in single and multiplayer . The thing that distinguishes this series from other RTS franchises -LRB- say , C&C ; and Warcraft -RRB- are more or less as follows
 I liked this game , even thou it is n't great . The selection of units for each faction is average , but is bolstered by mercenaries and native auxiliaries . The games focuses mainly on musket armed infantry , cavalry and artillery . This is historically accurate . Although certain factions and the common pool units , do have effective non-gunpowder units.Resource collection seems overly complex . This is why I never liked the original AOE games . Wood cutters will stop harvesting after a stand of trees is cut down . Even if there are more very close . Hunters and fishing boats need to be managed in the same way . I personally do n't enjoy policing my resource collectors . It does allow for the strategy of crippling a user 's economy by killing collectors.This game has made resourcing a little more user friendly . You can create farms and plantations which harvest money and food . Also there is a garrison button on the town hall , which orders all your resourcers into nearby friendly buildings . These make resource collecting a little less involved than in previous AOE games.There are no advanced tactical features , other than the paper-rock-scissors damage system . Maps have a fair amount of natural features , including water . They tend to only act as funnels , like in most rts games . Allowing alternate attacks , only by water . There are a few open maps . It 's actually about half and half . The open maps use outpost and resource locations to drive confrontations .
 This is a great new Age of Empires ! The graphics are the bomb ! The new addition of a Home City really puts a sweet twist on it ! I give this great game a wonderful 5 stars.NOTE
 I am a big fan of the Age series and seek to help future buyers get a clear view of what they will or will not buy . I will try -LRB- as best as I can -RRB- to provide informed and unbiased information about Age of Empires III . I will start with vary general overview information about the game and move into more specific information.General InformationAge of Empires III is an RTS -LRB- Real Time Strategy Game -RRB- featuring the colonial era of the Americas . You get to choose from eight different civilizations to conquer the new world . This style of game involves building villagers to gather various resources -LRB- food , wood , gold -RRB- and using those resources to build military units -LRB- musketeers , cannons , cavalry , ships , and various others -RRB- to wipe out your opponent . You are limitted to the colonial era of play . You can not get to the World Wars or Space age like in Empire Earth or Rise of Nations . During the game you can advance to five epics , each unlocking new units and technologies but all within the colonial era . Combat is colorful and moderately easy to master.Game Specific InformationThe game play of Age of Empires III is similar to the game play of Age of Empires II in the way that it feels . The gameplay is a little slower paced then Age of Mythology where a good game 1 on 1 online lasted fifteen to twenty five minutes . Rushing is still a viable option , but so is booming and turtling . Some new things incorporated since previous Age of Empires games are the Home City system , a new resource -LRB- Experience -RRB- , tough counter units -LRB- rock paper scissors effect -RRB- , ability to ally with Indians , and tons of eye candy.Home CitiesThe Home City system is interesting and will help diversify your style of play from other players . In Age of Empires III you gain ` expierence ' for doing just about everything . Once a certain level of experience is achieved in a game you get to send a shipment from your home city . Shipments could be free resources , free units , unique technologies , or team bonusses . Your home city gains levels after you get a lot of experience and for each level you get to choose a new shipment to add to your ` deck ' of up to twenty choosable shipments for in game . You can build as many ` decks ' of shipments as you like for different situations -LRB- water maps , team maps , rushing/booming strategies etc. -RRB- This really diversifies the different civilizations too , as each civ will have it 's own home city with different shipments available.The Experience ResourceThe Experience resource is a large part of Age of Empires III . On each map there are trade routes where a player can place trade centers . Every time the merchant goes past your trade center you get a bunch of expeirence that goes towards your next shipment and home city level . You also get experience from building stuff , destroying the other guys stuff , and for just being in the game . So he who controls the map gets more experience and more shipments ... Unit CountersThe Rock , Paper , Scissors effect is crazy in Age of Empires III . Some units , like the skirmisher , will have a base attack of 12 with a x3 multiplyer against heavy infantry . This means that skirmishers do wimpy damage verses most things but lots of damage toward heavy infantry . So you really have to choose what units you will build carefully . If you build all one unit your whole army could be wiped out by a significantly smaller force of counter units . This makes it a little bit like chess and gambling at the same time . The general way it works is like this : heavy infantry > cavalry + buildingslight infantry > heavy infantrycavalry > light infantry + artillery + villagersartillery > buildings + infantryThere are lots of exceptions but that 's generally how it works.Native TribesAllying with Native tribes adds anothe element to the game . These tribes offer unique units and techs that are quite helpful if utilized properly . Once again , this adds to the chess feel about the game.GraphicsAs for graphics , I suppose that is up to pure opinion . I was thoroughly impressed though and will state MY opinion that no such graphics have ever been seen in an RTS before . Impressive building demolishions , beautiful water relections , detailed landscape right down to turtles on logs , and infantry sent flying by a cannon ball are all to be expected.System RequirementsAs for the requirements to run the game ... surprisingly small ! I play the game on a K7 Athalon -LRB- equivalent of a 900mhz PIII -RRB- with a 64 meg video card and 256 ram and it works fine . I am well below the minimum required stats to run the game ! -LRB- do not buy the game if you do n't have the 64 meg video card though , it will not run at all -RRB- The offical minimal requirements are : Windows XP256 ram1 .4 Ghz processor2 Giga bytes of space64 meg video cardSimplificationsThe game was simplified in several ways in comparision to other Age of Empires games . You no longer have to build resource centers . Combat is both simplified and more complex featuring less units but with more defined roles . The tech tree is also slighly more simplified . This makes it easier for novices to get good at the game by eliminating some of the micro-management . Some view this is as good , some as bad.Online PlayThis is where I think the game really shines . Playing Age of Empires III online presents a never ending array of challenges and scenarios as you play against real people at various skill levels with all sorts of strategies . ESO -LRB- Ensemble Studios Online -RRB- hosts all the online games and has both a quick search matchmaker and a custom game select option . There are , on average , 3000 people online at any given time . Playing online is also scary , because a lot of people are really good at the game and you will be well advised to check out the extensive strategy forums for the game if you intend to do well . -LRB- heavengames.com has extensive Age of Empires III forums -RRB- During online play you can choose 1vs1 , 2vs2 , 3vs3 , 4vs4 , or any amount of teams with the custom game option . Online lag wo n't be the result of a server but possibly the result of your opponent ... or you . Sometimes the quick search option does n't work until ESO resets their servers , but that should be fixed in a patch soon.StrategyAs already stated , you can not just simply build a pile of one unit and expect to wipe your opponent off the map because the game features tough counter units . Which unit to build is only the tip of the strategy iceberg though ! You also have to consider rushing -LRB- will my opponent sacrifice his economy for a large push at the start to wipe me out ? -RRB- , raiding , booming -LRB- building tons of villagers for an insane economy before building an army -RRB- , or turtling -LRB- massing defenses and building up inside -RRB- , all of which are viable . The different civs work in such a way that some are much better at a certain strategy than others . Add into the equation the home city shipments and it gets really interesting . Will you have special economy shipments -LRB- faster mills , better plantations , cheaper fishing ships -RRB- or bulk up on military shimpents ? If you really get into the strategy aspect you will find it goes quite deep.SummeryI would classify this game as a higher level RTS . The combinations of technologies , units , civilizations , maps , home cities , and online play spells ` much fun ' in my mind . Despite my approval of this game I will note that it does n't have any ground breaking ` new ' inovations that makes it vary different from any other good RTS . It is much of the same old stuff but in a different form . If you have n't played the Age of Empires series before , or any RTS for that matter , this game will have a bit of a learning curve . As far as RTS 's go , I think this is a good one . There 's enough new gimicks -LRB- home cities , trade centers , Native tribes , etc -RRB- to make it feel different , but at it 's core it 's a ` gather resource , build an army , smuck the other guy ' game . I like it though . Age of Empires is simple enough for the novice player and has enough elements to appease an expert player . I give it 8/10 .
 When I sat down with Age of Empires 3 I was hoping for a little more - something new and refreshingly different -LRB- ala the Lord of the Rings RTS for example -RRB- . There is a new feature , the Home City . The rest of Age of Empires 3 is the same as the previous games at heart , with some new makeup and some new units . Do n't get me wrong , this new Age of Empires installment is fun and just as addictive as its predecessors , but also feels tired at the same time . If you still enjoy the previous Age of Empires games , you will likely enjoy this one equally.It has been some time since I played the previous Age of Empires 2 but I remembered a simple , relatively clean interface . In Age of Empires 3 I was a little taken aback by the clutter of information , and juggling Home City shipments -LRB- and Deck Building -RRB- with what was happening on screen requires a lot of micro-management . This new installment has some great civilizations and in this regard , the units are new and refreshing . In an Age of exploration and the shift from archeic weapons to gunpowder , you have a variety of new units , and a few units that are unique to each civilization to help set them apart . In addition each civilization has its own unique advantages -LRB- and disadvantages -RRB- that set it apart from the rest . This is primarily done via a new feature
 I agree with the other reviews citing this as being something of a letdown at first glance.Edit for graphical update : I originally found the graphics on this game to be lackluster . My system could n't run it in remotely full detail and still be playable , so my game did n't look anything like the screenshots . So I did what any good gamer would do
 This third installment into the Age of Empires series is still refined and solid . It has maintained many of the game 's staple ideals but has managed to streamline it all into an easier to play ideal . The only weak point is in its obvious similarity to the past AOE games . Little fundamental material has been altered but the new campaigns and amazing graphics make it well worth buying.The game play is the first thing to be altered . The basic use of the mouse and hotkeys to command men is sill in use . The buildings and such that can be created are also similar but now a plantation can be used to create gold and a factory can slowly bring in any resource . This makes the player less sufficient on natural resources . When resources or items are running low there is a new alternative . Each player has a Home City that can ship the player items that they might need . As the player progresses his Home City becomes able to send more and more items . This progression helps make the random games seem more significant . Other minor differences include using villagers to collect wood and gold without mines or camps . These annoying structures have been eliminated from the game . Stone is also no longer in use.The graphics are absolutely amazing and redone with astoundingly smooth textures . The scenery appears to be painted in with vivid hues . It is awe inspiring . The second advantage to the new graphics system involves physics . The physics are real time and actually cause men and objects to fall and roll when acted upon . It 's totally awesome to shoot a cannon at a building , miss and take out a nearby tree . The naval elements of the game have also been smoothed over . Ships are highly detailed and battles appear more fluent . The visuals are perhaps the games strongest point.The only true complaint I have about the new edition is simple . It feels a lot like the old version . Some wonderful elements have been added but the basic idea is still the same . The lack of variation was a little disappointing to me.Some extras are also included in the game . There is a new map editor which allows a person to construct a map and enemy to their wishes . The online play is outstanding and never seems to get old.This balance of strategy and action never seem to get old . If you 're a hardened fan I doubt you 'll be able to resist and if you 're a newcomer to the series this is a great place to start .
 My review is about single player skirmish mode - playing only against the A.I. I am quite late in joining the Age of Empires games . I 've never played AOE 1 or 2 . I have played Battle for Middle Earth 1 and 2 . BFME 1 was TOO slow in gathering resources and limited in placement of buildings the visuals and sounds of both were terrific . BFME 2 was a big leap in the right direction except it did n't have Rohan 's unique buildings and no make-your-own Hobbit Heroes . I also wish the maps had more variety to them ! I have given up playing BFME 1 and now only play BFME 2 . I also had played both Star War Battlefront games -LRB- FPS -RRB- but as they play sooo fast I have given up on them as well . I like a game where you can build up your city into something beautiful to look at -LRB- yet not taking forever to do so -RRB- before the fighting action begins . Microsoft calls this technique Turtling . So I guess I 'm a Turtler ! This game allows for Rushing -LRB- quickly attacking soon in the game -RRB- and Booming -LRB- Economic build up -RRB- techniques as well.I have an AMD Athlon 64 processor 3200 + with 1GHz of Ram and a 7600 Tforce Nvidia Card.I just bought AOE 3 after reading many reviews . It is everything I thought it would be and more ! The sounds and visuals are great . The towns build up nicely as well as the armies . I like the enemy coming on taunting you when the AI notices that are n't keeping up in one area or another in military , commercial or progression in age . The maps are numerous and have a great variety . The boats and ships look great and actually fish with nets - the whales and fish are seen too ! The larger ships can open with a broadside or one even has a large destructive cannon which blows apart enemy building that are near the water.The language -LRB- most of it is in it 's own native tongue -RRB- is non-offensive even for the younger ones . You have 8 different nationalities to play from each with its own strengths and weaknesses . Add this to the 12 or so maps and you really do have an almost endless variety of play in each game . The natives and mercenaries -LRB- as allies -RRB- also add a unique touch . The trading posts along the roadside also bring in income . You can select pay ment from travelers either in food , coins , lumber or even add wealth to your home city . If my villagers are lacking in one of these resources I collect this type of resource at the trading post . The battles are fun as well as fighting the wild animals and outlaws scattered over the map . The market is useful in buying and selling either food , coin or lumber so that you can acquire more of whatever resources you might be lacking . This game also allows you to play on sandbox , easy , hard and difficult levels which is really important for me as the game will be either laid back or fierce or somewhere in between . It also has a handicap level for each side as in BFME 2 . You also receive shipments of various goods and men from your home city throughout the game . After each victory you can unlock more types of shipments . An icon in the upper screen allows you to note any idle villager so that you can assign him to some work.I have tried to use the make-your-own-scenario map maker -LRB- real neat to add whatever initial resources you want on the map and give it it 's physical look -RRB- , but so far I have only been able to get my side to act normal in the game . The A.I. enemy team will react to my explorer or other members of my side and shoot at them , but otherwise they just stand around their townhouse and not gather in anything or build up anything . There is nothing in the manual about the scenario map making , so for now its by trial and error.This is a great quality game which will give people like me hours upon hours of great fun . I do n't see myself getting bored with this game for a long time . The variety of teams , maps , and settings make this game really re-playable !
 My son loves this game ! It was a gift for him after he had exhausted the other Age of Empire games . It is awesome to find a game that also teaches our children something about history in a game environment ! I would recommend this game to other parents of teens or tweens !
 Everyone else has discussed this game in some fairly high detail , so I will hit on a few things.Overall , I really do like the game -LRB- as does my 11-year old -RRB- . The additional choices - including what to take from the Home City when available make it even more interesting . It does allow good play between the Vista & XP computers -LRB- even when it said the graphics card on the XP was too old -RRB- , and I think team play is more interesting than solo.Now - the complaints . Note I do like the game . But , as with all games , there is always room for improvement .1 -RRB- I wish the options for formations still existed . It does take something away from the play .2 -RRB- It would be very nice if the `` Army/Group '' would reform into the same formation after a battle has been concluded . How frustrating it is to go to a particular group and find them scattered because of a couple of settlers .3 -RRB- If one is in battle , I think the others should go to assist .4 -RRB- Major complaint - why are you limited on the amount of Outposts/Forts you can build ?!? If you have the resources , you should be able to build whatever you want in any quantity you want !!!!
 I think Microsoft has consistently maintained a high quality series.I think it is the best AI game on the market today ... I am very pleased .
 This is one of the best game of al time . I have always been a huge fan of real time strategy game , and Age of Empire series have always been consistant in its delivery of strategy , graphic , and gaming . Age of Empires III raises the bar to another level , and this is a must have for any gamer , both for Macintosh and for PC . The add on 's - Warchiefs and Asian Dynasty are both terrific . I love this so much I have both Mac and PC versions .
 Getting sick of your everyday scifi shooter or fantasy rpg , well then try out Age of Empires 3 the most fun and addicting rts out there . This game is well balanced , has good graphics for rts , and has persistent home cities to keep you playing . Whether a fan of the series or a newcomer to rts games you wont be disappointed by Age of Empires 3 .
 I have had this game for a few months now and have grown to really love it . There are certain features that I love and others that I could do without . In this game they got rid of the need for lumber mills , gold mining mills and restocking your farm with wood . All awesome upgrades because you have enough to worry about without keeping an eye on all your villagers and buildings . Another great feature is the Home Town , which can periodically send your civilization resources and upgrades . Not only do you get the already addicting game play but you now have goals for leveling up and earning cards that can later help your civilization during battles . My complaints are as this , you dont have as much flexibility when setting up a match . It is either a free for all or you can have two teams . Also the map choices are limited . And I agree the zoom is a well missed feature . The graphics are awesome , main game is challenging , and it will most definately provide hours of fun even for first timers . Give this game a try !
 put it this way , my husband had a sore back because he played the game for four hours nonstop one day ! -LRB- and this is out of character !! -RRB- my tween daughter also enjoys it . it has been worth every penny ... and the novelty of playing has n't worn off for months .
 I was a fan of the old school Age Of Empires games so when this came out I knew I was going to purchase it . If you like the early new world time period then you will enjoy this game . The graphics are entertaining enough without being so overwhelming that you do n't know what 's really going on . Sure there are other RTS 's out there that may have some better features but in my opinion this is a nice well rounded game.P.S . It gets even better with the expansion packs that have already come out . If you can afford it buy a box set that includes the two expansions .
 I bought this game for my husband who loves strategical games . He loves it and plays it all the time . The graphics are spectacular .
 I 'm an old Age player who really appreciates the size of people in Ages 1 & 2 . Because it makes the game more realistic for me . But when subsequent heavy 3-D grafics came out -LRB- like Age of Mythology -RRB- , everybody got tiny . One ca n't tell what the unit is unless you zoom in but then you loose much of the battle field.Does Age of Empires 111 AND itd new expansion carry on the tradition of larger images for its population ??
 I have enjoyed age of empires for awhile and have most of the titles of the game . So far I think this version of Age of Empires is the best of the ones out there as far as the story line campaigns . I like the updated features for the game compared to other as well .
 I have been a fan of Age of Empires since it first came out . This is another fun upgrade . They have really expanded the graphics and options that you have on this one . Make sure you have plenty of memory and a decent memory card in your PC or you will have problems running this baby since it is pretty graphic intensive.I found this a little hard to follow at first if you do n't read a little of the book . Otherwise it basically is the same as far as going through the different stages etc. . I love the new layout and graphics . Looks like another winner to me !
 It is entertaining on many different levels . It is different everytime we play a different scene . The large number of maps lend multiple environments for your single player games . The one downside is that this game is a computer resource hog unless you have a gamer computer .
 I really like this game , however it has trouble running on my computer . I have a 2.4 Ghz pentium 4 , 512 mb of ram and a 64 mb graphic card . Every time there is a naval fight or a big cannon fight , the game really slows down . Other than that `` little '' problem , the game is a blast . I had to stop playing in the middle of ACT III because it would literally take me six hours to beat it at the rate it moves -LRB- the snow level -RRB- .
 I bought this in order that I could play Age of Empires &#34; The War Chiefs &#34; and it does the trick . Good price too .
 If you 're a fan of AOE , this is a must have ! Fun to play solo or against a friend on the internet , AOE III does not disappoint !
 A good strategy game with nice graphics and three different nations . Love the upgrades with the weapons and house . Very addictive !
 My sons had previously owned this game , but it got scratched beyond repair . They had lost it for a few years before discovering this , by that time we could n't find it in any of our local stores . My friends suggested to look on Amazon , and there it was for an extremly reasonable amount of money . I have watched them play it , the graphics and quests are outstanding !!!
 If you are a strategy fan , as I am , AoE 3 will not disappoint . The game 's easy-to-use interface and variety of new units and concepts makes it entertaining for hours on end , even for seasoned AoE fans . The `` home city '' idea really lets players explore the strengths and weaknesses of each civilization -LRB- plus resource/unit shipments are great -RRB- , and some of the new resource exploitation features - i.e. , being able to create plantations to permanently produce coin - are greatly appreciated for those of us who have run of out precious resources many times before mid-battle in older AoE versions . Being able to create many new military units in multiple batches - i.e. , 2 or 5 at a time - is a plus , but the cumbersome limitations on the number of some units are irritating at times . Trade routes and the markets are all greatly improved over similar games I 've played . The campaign mode is fairly interesting though disappointingly short , with a curious twist at the end that leaves you wondering.The graphics are unquestionably the biggest improvement in this game , most especially the weapon effects and the water quality . But all in all , the game is hardly revolutionary or super-original for those already well-accustomed to the AoE series , and thus the 4 stars instead of 5 . It is a great way to get introduced to the series if you 're a novice and it will provide entertainment if you 've followed the series for years , but if you fall into the latter group , do not expect to have your socks blown off .
 At the time that I am writing this , the average customer rating for this game is 3 stars . What in the world?I 'm not a gaming geek . However , when I was younger I enjoyed two computer game series the best . And that was Heroes of Might and Magic and Age of Empires.In order for me to understand the game right now , I went back to the Age of Empires I days . I installed it back in my PC . The Hittites were my favorite , by the way . Played it for a while and it took me back . Took me back to the graphics and the gameplay that I had to deal with . It was still revolutionary back in its heyday . I then continued to play Age 2 . Still enjoyable.And onto this game , what a blast . I love love this game . I 've been playing it for over four months now . And it 's still exciting to play.I could go on and unleash the floodgates of how great this game is , but I 'll just discuss the shortcomings of the game .1 . Civilization inequality
 This game is absolutely amazing . I do n't understand how people ca n't get great graphic settings . I have my graphic settings maxed out on an Athlon 64 3200 + , 1 gig dual channel DDR RAM , and 256mb Radeon X800xl and it does not lag unless there is a huuuuuuuuge and i mean huuuuge battle going on between maybe 400 units . The gameplay is great , the graphics are great , mostly everything about the game is fantastic . ESO , the online servers , are still sorting out the bugs , but i highly recommend this game . HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
 Set during the Era of Colonialism , you will play as one of eight European empires seeking to establish a foothold in the New World . Be prepared to face fearsome enemies from overseas , befriend or besiege Native camps , secure trading routes , contruct powerful fortresses , and enter the world of AGE OF EMPIRES 3 ! I 've been playing the Age of Empires -LRB- AOE -RRB- series since the first edition came out . AOE 3 easily provides the best graphics out of any AOE game -LRB- or any Real-Time-Strategy game that I 've ever seen -RRB- . Gameplay is very similar to the previous versions , so you 'll truly have no trouble mastering the interface as long as you 've played AOE -LRB- 1 or 2 -RRB- , Age of Mythology , or any similar game . If you 've never played an RTS before , do n't worry , the gameplay is very simple . Just spend five to ten minutes looking over the game manual , and/or use the `` Learn to Play '' mode.I had NO TROUBLE AT ALL installing and running AOE 3 on my PC . It has n't crashed yet . Then again , my computer is only about a year old , so be sure to look over the system requirements a couple of times.The most interesting part of gameplay is when you increase the level from Easy to Moderate , your allies as well as your opponents increase in skill level , meaning that if you have the same number of allies as enemies , you 'll have the same odds of winning on both levels . In the past , this has prompted me to play games without any allies at all.The most dissapointing part of AOE 3 is the limit on the playable empires . In previous games , there 's been well over fifteen playable empires . In AOE 3 , there are only 8 , and they 're all European . I guess the designers were forced to do this to make the Imperialistic Era more realistic , but I always found it cool to play as the Chinese or the Aztecs.New features to master include the concept of `` Home Cities '' , forging alliances with Native Americans , controlling trade routes , and finding treasure . All of these addd to an overal new experience using a very old -LRB- but successful -RRB- backdrop.Have fun !
 Last week Amazon was selling Age III for $ 37.99 . Today the price have been inflated to $ 49.99 . Best Buy Stores has it on sale for $ 39.99 .
 This game is a great thinking game . I use this game at my school and home during breaks and just for fun . I hope you enjoy it as much as i did .
 AOE 2 was the first computer game that I owned and I consider itself a true classic , so AOE 3 was a must even though I was n't sure what to expect from it . It has truly created a wonderful game , unique enough to be its own game but similar enough to stir memories of AOE 2 . The most impressive part is the graphics . You do n't just see cannon balls running into a building and then the building is gone , you see it falling apart piece by piece with each hit . The most unique new feature is the home city . Basically , the more you play , the more benefits you get in the game.Generally speaking , when I play a RTS game I 'm go for an unstoppable economic juggernaut that allows me to make the best units possible and throw them into a fight . For those of you that know AOE , a mixture of paladins and trebuchets is nearly unstoppable . That being said , it got a little more difficult in AOE 3 because their rock-paper-scissors setup is improved . You ca n't just mass any given kind of unit and expect it to win . Even though this made me change the way I play , I think it 's an improvement.There 's also a tweak in the `` market '' setup . The concept of trade routes has been redone so you ca n't just have a million caravans running back and forth . Instead , there are set routes -LRB- ultimately trains -RRB- that you fight for control . Even though this limits it in some aspects , you can choose which resource you want to gain instead of just gold . Another way to gain resources instead of collecting everything you can make factories , which are similar to the House of Plenty in Age of Mythology.Finally , as a side note that is neither good nor bad , this game is more balanced toward the offense . Armies are a lot more powerful than defenses .
 Age of Empires 3 is the sequel to the award winning Age of Empires 2 . Number 2 was set in the middle ages and number 3 is set in colonial times . Both are extremely fun to play , however the publishers left out a couple things that are in the second game.First of , when your villagers are gathering supplies , they do n't need a lumber camp or mining camp to collect it . They just keep chopping or keep mining until the source is gone then they go to find another . it 's like they have a black hole in their bag . This is good as well as bad . It is good because it makes it easier to get supplies . It is bad because it makes it less realistic . Secondly , when the men stand on the tracks of the caravans on the trade routes , the trains or buggies run right over them but do n't hurt them a bit . Deffinatly unrealistic , but hey it 's still a fun game.Other than that I thought it was top notch . There are a lot of different things in this version and instead of explaining them all to you I 'll let you find out for yourself . Go download the demo for Age of Empires 3 from Microsoft 's internet page -LRB- it 's free -RRB- . That 's what I did first off . It gave me a great feel for what the game feels like . I can almost promise you that you will love it right from the start if you like RTS games.It has single player campaigns and random maps , it has multiplayer and it has a map builder where you can build your own maps . Everything from the previous ones and more !! Hurry out and buy it after you 've tried the demo , just to be sure . I give it 5 stars and I hear rumors that they 're making a fourth one . Ca n't wait !!!
 I 'll admit my patience for computer games is not great , but my son absolutely loves this game . My settlements barely get off the ground before some enemy force is killing all my colonists . My son even has monster trucks driving over his opponent 's buildings.I bought this game hoping it would be relaxing , but mostly it is just another frustrating computer game that I do n't think I 'll ever have the time to fully master . But still I 'm glad I bought it . The `` violence '' is little more than computer graphics acting out what kids read in history books , so I think this is much less violent than video games and other `` M '' or `` T '' rated computer games . The graphics are good and the scenarios are realistic -LRB- no matter how unlikely they may be -RRB- so I think this is a good game.Who knows , maybe someday I 'll get good at it . But computer solitaire is more my speed .
 HI , Age of empires , or AOE3 as i will say , is brilliant . On it you can do numerous things . It has excellent graphics and a wicked campaign.The campaign is in three acts , the 1st is about a man called Morgan Black . You play as him . Hes a knight of saint john , who fights the turks at the start with the help of his boss Alain . Alain sends him to the new world to stop the turks getting the fountain of youth -LRB- spouts water to make you live for ever -RRB- . But Moragn gets ambushed by lizzie the pirate . He then goes on to defeat the turks . After that though he finds out alain works for the circle -LRB- evil guys -RRB- and has to destroy the fountain.Scenario or single player.You custom a game and can make teams and chose what country you are . You also can customise or make your on map , adding nature buildings and units where ever you like . Iwill soon write about the next part of thew campaign .
 If you enjoyed previous editions of the Age of Empires seriers this is another great one . The concept is the same however there are many new features that make this game even better . No longer is every civilization very similar with the exception of a unit or two or three upgrades , now each civilization has many uniquies units and abilities . As well with the edition of hte HOME CITY adds many new stratagies and lots of fun . Hav n't played much singleplayer but the online is great . AOE finally got a decent online server no more of the Zone . Server is easy to use to find games , or use the quick match to find players of similar level . NOTE Home city levels do not carry over from single player to mulitplayer so dont try to build a really high level and then go play wiht it online . You DO NOT gain exp online playing only computers . if you want to get exp play with or against other humans .
 I got this game because I bought a new computer , but I was hesitant because I bought a tablet with an Intel 950 chip . After reading some reviews about the chip and researching Intel 's support page , I figured getting 2 gigs of system memory would solve any problems.Unfortunately not . The default settings after install do n't work , and you must go into the game to dumb down the graphics . If you try to up the graphics above the fail threshold you ca n't get back into the game as the main menu has 3d acceleration requirements and it crashes . I had to uninstall and reinstall 4 times to get a good setting.Once I dumb down the settings the game plays great the story lines are fun and the new features are nice . I can only imaging how much more fun I could have if I had a dedicated video card ! The only problem I still have is water battles . When a ship battles a ship the system completely slows down . What I do is move to another part of the screen and let them battle it out . -LRB- This problem does not exist when land units fight boats / boats fight land units-Only when boats fight boats -RRB- . I wish someone would have better support for this , but the game 's support says to update the driver , and the Intel site tells me to contact the game maker ! I sure hope I can run Vista on this new machine ...
 AOE 111 is amazing , I got it for christmas in 2005 , and now I have played the campains 3 times . The campains are really cool , and the game is awesome . The home city is sweet because you can get shipments of almost anything once you get to higher home city levels.I recomend AOE 111 and all AOE to everyone , a lot of strategy and fun !!!!
 I could n't believe how much they have improved the game from the Age of Empires 2 . Reading how to play the game seemed very confusing until you played it . The game is very easy to play . The scenarios are fun to play . Looking forward to playing online against others . Excited to buy the War Chief Expansion Pack when it comes out .
 I have greatly enjoyed Age of Empires III , Sequel to the award-winning Age of Empires II.First of all , I have liked the fact that the game is the next game in The Age of Empires Series , starting off were Age of Empires II left off.Going more to the topic of gameplay , I have found very cool the new Home City feature , which allows ypu to have a city of your own which reflects yor progress in the game.Your Home City will start at level 1 and , with the matches you play and the games you win , goes up levels , allowing you to upgrade it by adding it more buldings and passing units . You can customize your own Home City ; tis is what I find cool.Also , I like the fact that you can ship resources or soldiers from your Home City to your Town Center by the use of a deck of cards which you can customize in the way you think is most effective . You can choose a new card fore your deck every time youlevel up.Also , I enjoyed the improved graphics and the better gameplay offered . Also , the new aimations and special effects are awesome , since buildings will always be destroyed in a different way and units will go flying when shot by cannons . Also , if a unit is near a cliff and is shot by a cannon , it auctually falls from the cliff . Another new thing I have noted are the improved computer rivals . Now , they will not use cheats and they will talk to you more often . Also , when they talk to you , instead of recieving typed words they will auctually talk to you and you will hear their voice and see their face.I highly recomend you this game , it is so good and exciting ... If you have enjoyed earlier Age of Empires Games , than this is the game for you . And if you are new with Real Time Strategy Games , then you can get a good start in the world of gaming by playing this game .
 This game was fairly easy to play after a few levels I could hang 10 on it . It was nice gameplay set up and sweet graphics . The home city was a little confusing at first but I got over it . Definetely 4 stars !
 I 've been waiting for Age of Empires III ever single I finally finished exhausting all of the fun from Age of Empires II . I really think it was well worth the wait.First , it is VERY much like Age of Empires II . That is a HUGE bonus for me . I love the Age of Empires series and if they 'd changed the whole gameplay a great deal , it would have lost a lot of what I adore about this series . I can literally play each of these games for months and months before I begin to get bored . That is the brilliance of a well designed real time strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- game.Next , the graphics are of course MUCH improved over previous versions . That of course means you need a much faster machine than you had before ! Hopefully most people out there upgrade their computers regularly , to run ANY packages that come out each year - the newest release of PhotoShop , the newest games that come out . If you have a slow , old machine and ca n't run the newest games , well you really only have yourself to blame . I NEVER want game makers to make bad games just so they can run on ancient machines . It 's their duty to make the best games possible . It 's my job to get the machine that are current , to run them.OK , so on to gameplay . You get a collection of fun cultures , each one nicely costumed and with appropriate vocals and sounds . I love the detail in the homes , the people , the environments . You can `` skirmish '' to your heart 's content , learning about the strengths and weaknesses and looks of each group . But do n't go thinking you can memorize what works in each situation . The game does nicely to add complexity to that cookie-cutter approach.Instead , you have a great deal of customization ability , even on the fly . You can really build your style of culture to match your personal point of view , within cultural limits of course . This means when you face others in combat , you can never assume `` Oh they 're an X which means I just have to do Y '' . You have to watch , react , and implement a new plan.I really enjoyed the graphics a great deal here , from the cantering horses to the forests and smoke and flames . They did a great job of really making you feel that there is a little world being run inside your computer monitor.The sounds are equally good , with the voices and sounds , the background noises and alerts . I admit the trumpet calls get a little repetitive , but what can you do.I suppose to some the downside is the fact that you need a modern machine . Again , I do n't consider that a downside . It 's an awesome game with a lot going on . It 's not meant to run on a little 386 . It 's hard for old system owners to accept , but the world moves on . If you 're going to play modern games , you have to move along with it . Believe me , it 's only going to get worse as more games come out . It 's time to grab that piggy bank and upgrade.I did find it really amusing that the scenario begins with the Aztecs . We just spent Black and White II fighting those All-Powerful Aztecs . What is it with the Aztecs in modern games ?? I guess these things come in waves : -RRB- Highly recommended !
 The soundtrack alone is magnificently captivating , having subtle hints that remind one of some of the music from Star Wars , Lord of the Rings , and The Godfather packed with aural authority and the feel-good nature of a Narada Christmas album . I bought the collector 's edition , which comes with the soundtrack on CD , and I have been listening to it in my car during my commute . Track 21 is worthy of awards for sure .
 This is one of the best games put out in a long time , `` keep up the good work '' , Let 's see if you can out do yourself the next time around.All the gamers will get a kick out of it , If you plan on buying the game do IT do n't thing about it just do it you 'll love it ... Thanks .
 This product is a real beauty ; the graphics were good , and the speeches were excellent with the different accents and stuff . Recommended for people who loves war and a total war tycoon If I were you save your cash and get it right away !!!!!!!!!
 If you run Windows 2000 , be careful before you buy this game . Windows 2000 is not officially supported , although the game can be run . Web searches give any number of reasons from the developers
 Let me start off by saying this
 Awesome graphics and cool to play . Only thing is some of the old options are missed in this version !
 Much in common here with AOE2 , which can make things dull -- but the home city and native alliances add enough of a twist to provide a fresh challenge for those who were tired of the same old strategies in AOE2 . Not sure I 'm happy to have spent 50 bucks on the game -- with hindsight , I would have waited a year to get it at discount.Graphics are state of the art -- but there 's a price to pay with frame rates .
 The gameplay stayed the same , but i ws dissapointed with the resource management , they took away stone . also the campaign missions are uch shorter , but overall a great game , bit confusing at first but a must have for a aoe collector
 Bought this game becase I have always like the age of empires saga , great graphics , war cheifs expansion is good with it , it gives you more options for building army fast
 If you likes estrategy game , this is a must have . Great resolution , nice balance between story line and objectives . Good choice !
 Good game but there 's one segment of a campaign that does n't play properly . It really does n't take too much away from the game tho .
 This is a great product , the person i bought from gave me just what i wanted , at a good price , and in a relatively timely manor .
 The fact is I 'm not a fan of RTS games -LRB- Neither am I a fan of Micro $ oft -RRB- , because I 'm simply bad at them and hardly do I like the way how RTS games are played . I bought AoE3 just due to those amazingly beautiful screenshots.After I tried the tutorial part , I realized I had been completely addicted to this great game . From the graphics to the game scores , they are nearly flawless . The story line in the singleplayer is brilliant . The objects and the effects in the game are extremely detailed . Some brand new RTS features are introduced , such as home city shipments , customizable city , unlockable shipment cards , and new weapon/soldier classes , etc. . The difficulty level of Easy mode does allow some RTS noobs like me to enjoy the gameplay alot more . When I watch dozens of soldiers fighting against the enemies , it really gives me a realistic view of the battlefield set back in the 18th or 19th century.My computer spec is not great for gaming -LRB- P4 2.6 , 1G RAM , 6600GT 128MB -RRB- , but the game runs pretty smoothly on this machine with all the highest settings in 1024x768 -LRB- except for AA which is off -RRB- . I get a bit of lag , when the population reaches the maximum of 200 and over half of my soldiers are fighting on the screen . But I think the lag is really slight enough to be ignored as long as one is not too picky about it . After all it 's not an FPS game in which lag -LRB- either low fps or network lag -RRB- kills.Lastly , the graphics are not as good as the screenshots posted on the official website - It 's true -LRB- maybe they look better when AA is on ? -RRB- . But those are some sort of commercials . I did n't actually expect that the real in-game graphics would equal to those in the screenshots . -LRB- Not to mention that the actual graphics are still pretty impressive . -RRB- However , on the other hand , honestly I do n't recall any game that can be considered to be `` qualified '' in this regard . Half-Life Source ? Far Cry ? Battlefield 2 ? You name it .
 I do n't pretend to be a Gamer , but I love these new developments in the system . A word of Warning , you need a High End Graphic card , and if you look at the Back of the AOE 3 pack , it will tell you what you need just in case you need to upgrade that as well.Whatever the case , if you like AOE 2 , then this will be a blast , its fun for many levels of gamers , lots of detail , lots of sound , very cool interactions.Some Parents may not like all of the detail in the graphics , but thats a parental decision , however , I find the amazing package as basically great fun , and each game you play builds on a larger `` Game '' , and you can progress your home City.Very Cool in a Major way.May 22nd
 Fun Game . Just got it and I find it a lot more fun than C&C ; Zero Hour or Frozen Throne . The Physics graphics are a great compliment to the game . I love watching infantry getting bowled over by Artillery . The improvements made since AOE 2 are great . It 's got it 's moments of being really frustrating and fun at the same time.I ` ts kinda frustrating that you have to start with a whole new home city for the difference between playing a Supremacy Game and a Deathmatch Game.As for as the Death match AI difficulty ? It is fast . You start a deathmatch game and within a few minutes the AI has built a massive city and tons and tons of troops , you have got to be quick to survive.The Home City with it 's deck of cards is interesting because a few cards can literally change the outcome of a battle . If you can resource faster through the use of the right cards at the right time it can really give you an edge against your opponent . Deciding what cards to add to your deck before the battle even starts can be as important as any other aspect of the game.The AI taunts are pretty funny especially when you win lol . In my opinion anyone who 's an RTS fan or a fan of games like Rise of Nations , Frozen Throne , Starcraft or even Command and Conquer will enjoy this game .
 The game has very good graphics . A couple new features are alright . Makes things a little bit more involved and gives you a reason to keep playing the game to earn things . I beat the game pretty quickly . The music is different . There 's much more variety with that which is nice . Because the old game , the music got old very fast ! The game playing style is basically the same with the commands and things . One thing that I dont like about the game , is that it gets kinda boring and old after awhile . It seems like you could only play it for so long , then you get sick of it and put it away for months . Overall I reccommend the game if you are a fan of the previous versions . Kinda pricey though since it just came out . I dont think its anything to get your hopes up for .
 Age of Empires III was largely slagged in the press for being `` more of the same '' and outclassed by the likes of such titles as Rise of Nations and Civ IV . Ironically enough , it also seems that some publications criticized Age of Empires III for straying too far from what Age II was . All that I can say is that they could n't be further from the truth . Not only is Age III the best game -- console or PC -- that I played in the year 2005 , it is one of the best games of all time , even surpassing its illustrious predecessors . It is fresh , it is polished , and it 's one of the best damn games I 've ever played -LRB- and believe me , I 've played a lot of them -RRB- . I 've been a fan of the RTS genre for awhile -- mainly the AoE series . From its inception to now , I 've always purchased an Age of Empires game as soon as it 's released . Ensemble Studios staffs some of the hardest working , brightest people in the industry , and it shows in their work . I 've tried other RTS games , such as Starcraft , Civ II , and Rise of Nations , but none could hold my attention like the ESO team can.The single player game in Age of Empires III will be familiar to anyone who played Age of Mythology -LRB- another classic , in its own right -RRB- . You progress through a series of missions/civilizations , are told a fantastically unrealistic -LRB- and very entertaining -RRB- story , and learn about the game 's nuances and intracies . Basically , the single player campaign serves one purpose
 For the most part this game is good . Based on few , but serious cons , I recommend it for purchase , but not until it reaches a less than $ 30 price point . If Microsoft fixes the pause & speed cons with a patch , then it is worth the full $ 50 price tag . Here is my review : Pros : * Great game play -LRB- like all AoE products -RRB- * Very addictive - you will spend hours and hours on it * Excellent single player story based scenarios * Beautiful graphics * Well designed interface * Nice tech tree span * Home city is a cool conceptMajor Cons :1 . No command giving in `` pause '' mode - this one really bugs me . I get the whole , `` it is an RTS , meaning Real Time Strategy '' game , argument -LRB- i.e. you ca n't pause `` real time '' to give orders -RRB- , and I agree the game should operate this way in any multi-player game . But when I am playing alone , should n't I have the ability to play the way I want to play ? Not the way some geeky programmer has determined is the way I should play -LRB- in his sad control freek world -RRB- ? 2 . No ability to change the game speed mid-game - you set it at the beginning but then can not modify it during game play ... why ?? Again , I get the RTS game argument and agree it should play that way in multi-player , but when I am playing alone , should n't I be able to modify how I want to play ? The end result is you are completely rushed during certain parts of the game and have to ignore battles -LRB- and your troops get demolished -RRB- or ignore your infrastructure development -LRB- and fall behind -RRB- . . note
 Age of Empires III builds upon the previous installments in the series with more civilizations and options , and the War Chiefs Expansion adds even more diversity to the game . I will not specifically describe the features of the game as these can easily be found elsewhere , but my satisfaction with this product was very high.I live at college and several other people on my floor own this game . Since I purchased it , I have been able to participate in numerous `` tournaments '' via the online or LAN modes in the game . This is very enjoyable and takes things far beyond the single player experience.I have not had any problems with this game , except that with the graphics turned up all the way , large battles can cause lag on standard computers . Computers with graphics accelerators and enhanced processors should not have any problem running this game . However , by turning the graphics down , I can still enjoy the detail of this game to some extent without facing massive lag.I would recommend this game to any fan of the AoE series , anybody who likes colonial history/wars , and those fond of strategy games . The countless scenarios that this game provides , especially when playing against live opponents , makes the replay value extremely high .
 I recently purchased this game , and while my computer is n't fast enough for me to put the graphics on high detail , I still enjoy the game tremendously . I have not even begun to scrape the surface of all that this game holds . I 've played as two different civilizations , but there is a total of 8 . With each civilization , I 've gotten a different experience , unique , and with different challenges . The maps are still beautiful , even though I do n't have the graphics on full . I 'm running the game on a Celeron D processor , 700 + MB-RAm , Nvidia 5500 256 MB PCI video card , and 2.80 GHZ . Sometimes it gets a little choppy , but most times it runs just fine . If you have a better system , you should have no problems running the game.Overall , this game is fantastic . I 've been a huge fan of Age of Empires ever since the original one came out , and as each successor has come out , I have never been dissapointed.If you are familiar with the first two games -LRB- AOE 1 & 2 -RRB- , you 'll find that you can dive right into the action of this one . You can play a random map , a scenario , create your own scenario , and play multiplayer . On a random map , you start out with a town center , some villagers -LRB- or settlers , as they are called in this game -RRB- , and an explorer . The explorer can be used to explore the map , and where in AOE 1 or 2 , where you once would have found ruins or relics , you can find treasures . But be warned , these treasures are often guarded . The treasures can help you build your colony.One main difference between this game and its predessesors is that you have a home port from which you can get units or supplies . During game play you will earn experience points , which , when you have enough , can be used to purchase supplies , etc. from the home port . Depending on what civilization you are playing as , you will find that the `` deck '' of `` cards '' varies at the home port . An example of a British card would be 2 settlers , which can be sent one time . An example of a German card would be 8 Ulhans , a mounted , armed unit . The more you play , the more points you get , and you can earn new cards to put into your deck.I could ramble on and on about the features of the game , but the best way to learn is to do often times , and I strongly suggest that if you like this kind of real time strategy game , you should purchase it . I sincerely doubt that you 'll be dissapointed , but do n't take my word for it . Find out for yourself !
 Age of Empires , a critically acclaimed computer game series that a lot of us have heard of . After nearly a 4 year layoff from the last installment , Microsoft finally releases Age of Empires 3 . The game is set from the discovery period -LRB- Christopher Columbus time -RRB- to the westward expansion . Choose between 7 civilizations including the French , English , and Russians as they each struggle to control the new world . The game includes a story based campaign mode and a skirmish mode . In both these modes you must manage a home city . The game has its ups and downs , and here they are.Graphics
 This game is AWSOME ! We have had it for a little while and it is a fantastic game ! I play alot of the skirmish matches -LRB- offline -RRB- but the campain is the only thing i didnt really like about the game . It was too short and too easy . But the rest of the game is awsome ! Some people reviews were talking about how realistic the game was . Some said it wasnt . Who buys a video game because of how realistic it is ? Its a video game people ! Its not real life ! Ya its cool to see someone get blown up and fly through the air but thats not why you buy video games is it ? I buy them cause i enjoy playing them and because they are unrealistic . Where else can you control a couple hundred people and take over a entire area ? this game is very fun to play and i have spent some time playing this game and it is a great game . it runs smooth and it does work with windows 7 but the computer has to downgrade to make the game compatable to play .
 The picture for this product is misleading . I ordered this in hopes of getting the expansion with it . It says Gold Edition and I did NOT get the expansion with it . Just the base game . I was n't too happy about that ... At all.The game is fun however . Hours of fun to be had .
 This game is a lot more fun than the 1st 2 . I like the graphics a lot better , they have realism with the building crumbling instead of just dissapearing . I enjoyed the campaign thoroughly . This is a real-time-strategy-favorite-of-mine . I would suggest it.ScoreGraphics 8.7 Gameplay 8.7 Story 8.8 Overall 8.7
 Great game just not too many online , just 1000 to 2000 a day.I should have brought it earlier.But it is definitely a must buy . Graphics and gameplay are both spectacular .
 I love this game so much . it has excellent graphics and a large online play feature . Campaign mode is exciting and fun
 this game is really fun it has been a experience we dont play this much but we play the expansion for this which is way fun it is the Asian or have ever u spell it but we love the game and we recommend getting this and the expansion with it
 If you are someone who just thinks . Well if it blows up its a great game ! then dont get it . if you have enought patience to build giant armies and watch them storm through villages . get this game .
 I 've played alot of games , but almost nothing compares to this one . It has very good graphics and gameplay . I think it 's great ! Anyone who has played a previous AOE game has to get this one , but make sure your computer meets the hareware requirements . **** KI4QCX Review -LRB- teenage son of KS4RT -RRB-
 An overall great game , graphics and gameplay are good . AOE3 is in my opinion the greatest game ever made for PC .
 i was only like 10 when i watched my brother play aoe2 and i thought it was the koolest game ever ... now that hes like 20 and im now 15 i bought the game when it came out without hesitating ... and ive never regretted i love this game ... ive had it for like at least two years now and its still number 1 or 2 on my favorite games . of course i set it down but only in small times like a week or 2 but i love this game , its really challenging and it never gets old ... a lot of ppl say aoe2 is better but with aoe3 theyve installed a new physics engine and if u want stuff to be simple aoe 2 is ur game ... ever civilation the same thing except for minor differences . but in aoe 3 ever civilization you play has a different economy , military , and most importantly strategyRTS games are my favorite games and this is the best RTS ive ever played
 This game is great to show the economics , military strategy , resources and etc of civilization , plus its a LOT of fun . My son and I like to play chess , and this is very similar with lots of interaction and online LAN excitement ... . its really addictive , ... you can win !! its great
 I am not a gamer in general but Age of Empires is an exception to the rule ! I have played all previous versions . This addition is way better in graphic . However it needs a very advanced computer to be able to play without problems . You will need a good video card . Following scenario in AOE III I noticed virtual play area is relatively smaller than previous versions . I think if you liked other versions of AOE you will enjoy this one as well .
 Noticable progress in PC gaming . To fully enjoy it , you need 128 MB -LRB- 64 MB suggested as minimal req -RRB- of video memory ; otherwise , game might get slow or even frozen for a few minutes .
 AOE3 is a basically fighting . The economy is simpler than Age Of Mythology . But the battles are exciting . The cannons are able to knock enemies flying , break holes in buildings , and knock down trees . Some units , such as pikemen and crossbowmen , look a bit out of place . New for AOE3 are experince points
 Age of Empires III is a good game . Do n't hate it because you have a bad PC . Do n't make a review like `` Oh , it wo n't work , therefore it deserves 1 star ! '' If your computer ca n't handle it , go review your computer.Age of Empires III takes place around the Revolutionary War . It has 8 civilizations trying to conquer the New World . There are many new concepts in this game , such as Home Cities and Native Americans . There are mercenaries here which are like normal units on steroids.People here are saying the combat is too simplified . Not true . You need to memorize all sorts of units , not just cavalry owns artillary , etc ; . You need to find out what kind it is so then you can own the opponant.Its a good game . Very strategic .
 Make sure you have a proper video card or this product will not work well , especially difficult will be naval battles which can freeze even the most powerful PC 's with lower end video cards.While it is very similar to AOE 2 it 's just different enough to be worth adding to your collection . I give it higher playability rating then many of the others in this genre . I hope there are more to come like these.Tom AndersonAnderson Analytics , LLC
 Age of ____ Game fans always will enjoy the new installments into the series , but I was slightly disappointed with some areas in this instalment . The games lack of historical `` feel '' kept me away from the campaign , and the cinematics were spoiled by a bad storyline and ugly circles around speakers . There was not enough thrill in the cinematics . The editor was a nice feature that had enhanced and added triggers from Age of Mythology , but bugs held the editor back from it 's full potent.Where there were most flaws was in Random Map Skrimishs . Civilization levels was a good thing and a bad thing , for you normally focus on one civ . until you master it , and it 's hard to balance two civs at one time . You start a RM out with a explorer -LRB- A powerful unit that never dies and has a large Line of Sight -LRB- LOS -RRB- -RRB- Settlers -LRB- Main economic units -RRB- Gather reasorces fast and build fast , but cost 2ce as much as they did in Aom . They require no drop sites , which was a important stratagetic aspect in the other games . Markets are buildable in Age 1 and are cheap and cost very low reasorces , but provides lots of economic improvements and can buy reasources . Houses in the game cost as much wood to construct as a Market , and Manor Houses cost even more . It 's unbalanced , and a lot of the time the conclusion is you just spam settlers to gather what you need . Sometimes there are weird things like upgraded your walls from a church rather from the wall itself . AOE3 is a great game and can give you hours of good gameplay , but lacks somethings .
 If you are not going to play On ESO or multiplayer you might not want to bother with this game . The single player mode is good for practice and sharpening your skills and reflexes for the multiplayer part of the game . The campaign or story mode for AOEIII is lacking in my opinion . It is not as in depth in history as the previous Age of Empires series . The Story mode is also rather short and even at the highest level of playing -LRB- Expert -RRB- it is still not much of a challenge and plus its not that interesting.Now for the multiplayer part of the game . You can make or join clans or groups of players to fight aganist other clans . You gain levels for each city that you have and how many games you win . There are also Chat rooms and Ladders to see which players have the best ranks . You may also download replays off of websites and learn from them . I really enjoy this game partly because it is set in another era of history and the most unique of the series and also the whole real time strategy games so far . If you buy this game you can catch me on multiplayer my name is
 I was pleased on the price . It was a lot lower than other places . I got it quickly , i did n't have to wait 2 or 3 weeks like i 've had to in the past.Over all I was very happy with the deal .
 This is a real good game . The first 5 or 6 campaigns keep you thinking and mastering your skills . Then it gets real hard . I have been stuck on one campaign for weeks and ca n't seem to win . Even bought the book `` Age of Empires III Great Strategies and Secrets and still ca n't win .
 This game is truly amazing ! I 'm usually not into strategy games but this game just hooked me.The graphics are awesome ! I have a low memory computer so it does freeze from time to time but overall runs smoothly . I can still use the high quality graphics though without a problem.The multiplayer is great . When online you sort of `` share '' video cards so the game runs extra smooth.You can control a number of diferent civlizations for control of the land . Engage in battles , create trading posts to bring in money and build up your home city to be unstoppable.I 've never played the first two so I do n't know how it compares.This game is definitly one of the best out there for PC .
 This is a great game but not for the novice . I strongly recommend buying the book age of empires Official Strategies and secrets . It helps you understand the game . Amazon shipped the product quickly . Love Amazon.com
 I have n't been able to play the game yet , but i know and want to make sure you do not make the same mistake as i have done.I purchased this game second hand -LRB- used -RRB- , but just found out that if the person that first bought have registered to play online , i wo n't be able to register myself.The best of this game is to play online . It also means that if any of your family members want to play this game , they will have to use your same username .1 per key.Check Essemble Studios forum for further info.I suppose it will take me longer to get a working copy of this game . Heck , i have been waiting over 4 years for this game !! For that i 'm giving 4 stars !! : -LRB-
 The game play and graphics make up for any other problems . This is a must buy for the real time strategy player .
 This game has great graphics and sound effects . Once you start playing it you ca n't stop .
 I 've noticed that a number of the lower scored reviews here tend to come from people who have had performance issues due to AOE III 's high graphic demands.I run a older P4 2.4 Ghz/1GB RAM/Raedon 9800XT with an old and crappy hard drive and have not had any performance problems , save for the occasional stutter during naval battles - and I have all the graphics options maxed.That being said , I think this game is absolutely amazing . The graphics have many really cool details and the music is quite nice . I also appreciate the relative attention to historical and geographical accuracy.The featured scenario lost my interest in about 45 seconds , but I 've been quite absorbed playing skirmishes these past weeks . Because one can slowly build up and modify one 's chosen country/home city , the individual games do n't feel so random.My only recurring gripe while playing is that you ca n't zoom out further - it feels restrictive at times.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who digs RTS games -LRB- and has a computer that can handle it -RRB- .
 I have a few friends at school that play this game with me and I play on line with other people from all over the US . It 's a good time to get together with my dad also .
 I would play it but my computer is a Dell Dimension 2400 and does not have 1 GB of hard drive or 1 GB of memory on it yet . The hard drive I can not find 1 GB of . My son has been playing the Age of Empires trial games on the computer . He loves them . Christine ascencio
 This is the most beautiful strategy game in the world.I really like it . but of course you need a strong computer to play this game
 the british are the most fun in the game and can kick the spanishes ass 10 out of 10 times
 This newest verision of age of empires is great !!!!!!! Do n't get me wrong though it may take long to load ! But overrall this game is 5 stars .
 The game is so sweet and cool !!!! I love this game and you will too !!
 I buyed the game for my husband . When he received it , he hurry to install and play ... He really love this game . Its a very goog choise
 This is one of the best games ive ever played not the best one of the best . I love the improvments from the last game . In Age 3 there are more gun units . also there are much much much better graphics . the only downer is that when i save you have to pause before you save then when i try to load my game it is paused and i cant seem to get it unpaused . That is why it only got 4 stars . Thanks for reading !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I like this game alot ! I am not an experienced `` gamer '' , but I think I do pretty good playing - very easy to play .
 Overall and excellent game with a good campaign mode and lost of replayability with the conflict mode . Loved the graphics and the units and had a great time with this game . Wish there were more like it and more time to play
 You come looking for an awesome new game after Age of Empires 2 was so great . You buy this game . You notice that this game isnt as good . If you want a great game , Age of Empires 2 is better .
 Well I am really satisfied with the game because this age of empires game now involves the player to use more stagety than an any other AOE games before . I have been a huge fan of the AOE sage ever since the first AOE game came out . AOE3 is a very fun and challenging game for everyone . The only complaint I have about this game is the lag . If you dont run on cable/dsl internet then i recommend u not getting this game because you will lag and probably cause others to lag online . But I run on cable so the game runs smoothly for me . The garphics are beautiful and surpases any other RTS game out there . I am enjoying the game to the fullest , I just ordered the AOE3 stagety guide on here too.There are many new things here that make this game so much more challenging and fun . Like the addition of levels . The more games u play the higher ur lever will be . Although this doent determine your skill as a player . There is also this thing called `` cards '' and your `` deck '' . The cards are like research improvments . The only difference is that you get more of these cards/improvments as u increase your level . The type of cards that u want is up to u.Overall the game is very satisfying and involves much more stragety.I recommend u buying the game if u like a good RTS game that u will never get boared of . And you should n't really pay attention to all these negative reviews becuase the majority of the negative reviews come from people who own trashy computers or dont really know how to adjust there game settings . The only thing is wrong with the game are the water maps . I experience a lot of lag when im fighting in the water . The comp will actually frezze . So I hope that ESO makes a patch to fix this soon . This game is the shizzles , about 4 thousand people play day and night online and it will only increase . The game has sold more than all the other AOE games did all togther in 2 weeks . Its crazy ... The price may be a little high but u wont regret it . PEACE >
 This is probably the most beautiful strategy game on the market . Definitely the best one from the AOE series . I you love strategy games , this would would be the perfect choice .
 What can I say ? Age of Empires is one of the must successful franchises , in every delivery you can see how the game 's technology has advanced since the first Age of Empires . In this last delivery , the graphics are actually beautiful , we can appreciate the dedication put into the developing of this game by their creators.If you like Age Of Empires , then you wo n't be dissapointed ...
 Last month I downloaded this game demo , expecting big changes something new , but what I got was pretty much the same . Grueling battles . The new units are fun and the artillery really changes the offence and defence . But the newest feature is the home city , where you may order supplies or reinforcements based on the number of shipments you earn -LRB- i.e experience points -RRB- . The reason of my title is because I have played Age of Empires 2 Age of Kings , for tens of hours . But if you have not overindulged in the counterparts and enjoy Real Time Strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- this is one of the best .
 I was n't a big fan of the old AOE series , but I decided to take this one seriously . One of the things you will notice in this game is that blowing up stuff seems more fun than it use to be back in the old days . The game is divided into three parts , and they all link up into a great storyline . Graphic is like nothing you will find in previous strategy games . All the smoke effects are in there from cannon recoiling , a battalion of musketeers loading off their rifle to buildings blowing off , even fogging up in jungle maps . Destroying building just does n't get any better than this . These medieval buildings actually look and sound like they were flaking off as you attack them . The maps , especially the jungle maps looks extremely vivid and alive , everything just look so natural . Animals are roaming all over the map in groups , some lethal , and others are delicious . The water looks so shiny it like a mirror , and the sun shining off the surface looks incredible , I have n't found this effect in any other strategy game . I was disappointed that the ships in this game did n't make waves as they move . They pretty much flake off as you attack them just like the buildings . By the way , some of the advance ships are humongous , they even outsize most of the buildings ; seeing 3 of them means that you are screwed . There is also this card system , which makes your job easier , but they must be unlocked . To make your job easier , these cards let your home city import supplies right to the battlefield . I had fun with this game , and you will too .
 Cool graphics and gameplay . I 've mostly played the Empire Earth series of war RTS games , but with the disappointment of EE2 , I thought that this game was a better alternative.After downloading the new updates from within the game , I 've had no issues with any part of the game . Graphics are really defined and crystal clear.I 'm playing on a Athlon 3400 + -LRB- FSB 1600 BUS -RRB- system , with 1GB of SDRAM and an AGP video card by nVidia -LRB- 6800 GT -RRB- 256DDR video RAM and 500MHZ GPU video processor speed with a 17 inch LCD high resolution monitor at 75hz and 3.5 ms. Resolution set at 1024x 768 . No freezes and no lockups .
 It is a great strategy game . What I enjoy the most is playing as the French.The battle fields are beautifully detailed and quite realistic .
 Age of Empires , a critically acclaimed computer game series that a lot of us have heard of . After nearly a 4 year layoff from the last installment , Microsoft finally releases Age of Empires 3 . The game is set from the discovery period -LRB- Christopher Columbus time -RRB- to the westward expansion . Choose between 7 civilizations including the French , English , and Russians as they each struggle to control the new world . The game includes a story based campaign mode and a skirmish mode . In both these modes you must manage a home city . The game has its ups and downs , and here they are.Graphics
 I was a little antsy about picking up this title . A lot of the reviews are extremely mixed and offered up a wide variety of pros and cons for this game . I became a hard boiled fan of AOE1 way back when it first came out and you 'd often find me facing off with friends via LAN while my Phonecian war elephants ran amok through their ranks . AOE2 was even better , allowing better tactics for your infantry and cavalry as well as great seige equipment and castles . So what new suprises lurk in AOE3?Well , the most obvious one that comes to mind is of course your home city . Bear in mind that this game takes place during the Imperial years , when the different nations of Europe began looking for new countries to colonize overseas . Your home city is more or less like your `` sponsor '' , providing you with regular upgrades to your army , navy , and settlers . Constructing buildings , finding special landmarks , and killing enemies acrue experience points , and after accumulating so many you 'll hit pre-determined points where you can cash them in for free shipments from your home city . Some of these can take the form of military units or raw materials , and sometimes buildings . After getting a whole lot of experience points your city goes up in level and you can buy items called `` cards '' . Said `` cards '' can be built into a deck -LRB- kind of like a weird Magic : The Gathering thing -RRB- of free military units and upgrades which you can customize to the environment you wish to fight in . For instance , as the Dutch my military tends to be strong on skirmishers and naval units , so by buying the right cards I can hire a group of skirmishers to go over to my colony for free . Likewise I can send a large fort to help protect my frontiers . By saving up for the really good cards I can hire privateers to raid enemy shipping.Indiginous native tribes -LRB- nicely done , each tribe is map specific . Fighting in old Carolina you 'll ally with Cherokee ; in the Yukon it 'll be the Nootka tribe , etc. . You 'll learn to love/hate the Iriqouis Mantlet unit -RRB- can be allied with to give you even more unit flexibility and upgrades . Even more there are `` trade routes '' and if you set up trading posts along these routes you regularly gain free exp everytime the trade cart comes by . If you reach the proper levels you can upgrade the simple travois trade system to a stagecoach , and ultimately to a locomotive system , getting you exp even faster . Needless to say the trade routes are highly sought after in any game and add a nice touch to the overall experience.Military units are often nation-specific and that too is a great touch to this game . I love sending large groups of Veteran Ruytens -LRB- Dutch cavalry armed with pistols -RRB- on raids against enemy settlers . The Russians have a specialized artillery called the War Wagon , basically a cannon encapsulated in a coach that gets pulled around the battlefield -LRB- and wreaks serious havoc , let me tell you -RRB- . The Ottomans have cool rocket artillery that they can lay down surprisingly ferocious assaults with . These units are again nation-specific and make me want to try out a number of these different empires to see firsthand what the strengths and weaknesses are.On the domestic side Settlers , your basic jack-of-all-trades unit , can do the standard resource gathering . Mines , trees , and herds of animals to hunt are sprinkled liberally over most mapsets . If you run out of resources on a particular map there are still options to continue this resource building via the construction of Mills -LRB- food -RRB- or Plantations -LRB- gold -RRB- . Should you choose to buy the Factory card -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- you can freely harvest any resource in the game at the touch of a button.Online play is offered via Ensemble 's own gaming net , kind of like Battlenet but with a few less frills . Network lag is an issue with most games I 've played in . It 's a lot of fun going head to head with human players and many games will turn almost into bedlam with lots of mass attacks , feints , and artillery displays that will leave most gasping for air.There are some drawbacks to the game though . While you can arrange your armies into formations once the fighting starts they seldom hold it and often scatter in different directions . For instance , while my skirmishers and artillery tend to hold the line reasonably well I can expect my Halberdiers -LRB- guys wielding massive , hard-hitting polearms -RRB- and often my cavalry to just run amok and get picked off singly . This is sadly compounded by the limited view you have of the map . When your army starts to spread out too thin you 'll spend far too much time trying to redirect them back into formation , and all too often having them do so gets them shot in the back as they amble back into ranks at half speed . Were there the option to zoom out just a * little * bit this would alleviate many combat issues . In addition to this problem there 's also an issue I have with artillery . You can order them to attack a certain enemy position or building but oftentimes after the first salvo they 'll fire independently at random targets . While sometimes this is n't bad , like when they 're being charged by a squadron of Hussars they 'll sometimes fire at these incoming threats . Other times they continue bombarding a small building oblivious to the line of Pikemen coming over the rise with cannon-killing fervor in their eyes.Still this is a fantastic game . It took a little getting used to to be sure , but I have found myself pleasantly addicted to this great game and I 'm already looking for more . : -RRB-
 I , as a veteran AOE player , I recognize this game as the best RTS game ever and as my favorite PC game . The game is set during the Colonial Age , following the Middle Ages which were present in AOE 2 , and you are the commander of a colony seeking glory for your country in the New World -LRB- America -RRB- . I have sited many improvements from earlier AOE games which eventually make it another successful AOE Title . Some of its main improvements are :3 D World
 To play this game in it 's full splendor you need an nVidia 6800 or 7800 video card . It is the card they designed the game for and I have a 6800 and it makes the graphics smooth as glass . For slower machines get the 7800 because the Video Card takes a bunch of work off the processor and RAM . This game has less capability than AOE 2 but it is still fun .
 I 've been playing the Age of Empires series since it was released in 1997 . Read my review of AOE2 Gold Edition for my thoughts on that game . To summarize , I am so pleased with AOE2 that AOE3 has an almost impossible level of satisfaction to beat . . This review will cover single player skirmishes -LRB- I have n't yet had a chance to do campaigns -RRB- and I will compare the game with some competing titles at the end . I will update this review in a couple months after I have more experience with the game . -LRB- I own the AOE3 collectors edition ; I highly recommend this if you are a fan - it has a poster , a really nice art book , DVD , music CD , and a dumbed-down strategy guide . -RRB- My computer hardware is as follows
 NOTE
 This is an excellent game . It has a few areas that are n't so great . Visual and sound are great.Pros : - No strategy , bah , maybe if your playing the lower difficulty levels , but on higher difficulty it takes a lot of strategy to win.-Games have a long playing time on higher difficulties if your good.Cons-No more huge maps from previous AOE games.-Campaign story seems like it belongs in the AOE 2 Conquerer 's Expansion game . I expected somethin more like the American Revolution or The French and Indian War .
 okay the game does not need a good computer to run , i have like 512mb of ram 2.5 ghz and 64mb grpahincs , runs fine.and its not complicated , the game comes with a very helpful tutorial and home citys are easy to use , basically when you kill enough people you get enough points for the next shipment which you just click on what shipment you want , and when you grow a level you get to choose new shipments.each civ is also alot more unique than in age 1 or 2 . instead of one unique unit you get two or three , special abilitys , unique shipments and stronger units . like the british may have the best musketeers aswell as uniqie units . then for even more units you get natives , diffrent natives for the diffrent maps . like the plains may have cherokee . to get natives you just build a trading post on a native settlement , and voila.and then the battles are fun to watch , the formations can be set , you just have to go to the options and its somwhere there . but the battles are neat cannons are actually good against people . and when ships fight in naval battles -LRB- i used to hate these -RRB- they shoot cannons at each other and when they hit parts fall of like sails . and ships are actually expensive for once , and even have names!people will also fight in melee on this , like when enemys get to close instead of shooting them they hit them or stab them.this game is also not one of those RTS 's were you build fifty tanks and win such as red alert or generals , but fifty people can ealsily be killed by cannons , unless they do a melee charge which is one of the formations .
 First , I just want to say that the game does have formations . To turn formations on , do the following : Click -LSB- MENU -RSB- -LSB- OPTIONS -RSB- -LSB- UI OPTIONS -RSB- -LSB- Show advanced Formations -RSB- . Now formations are on.I am running this game on an AMD 1.67 -LRB- ~ 1900 GHz -RRB- with 512 MB RAM and a 128 MB G-Force 5200 video card . Since my CPU is just above the minimum specs , and since I like to run games at a resolutions of 1280x1024 , I needed to adjust the following : click -LSB- MENU -RSB- -LSB- OPTIONS -RSB- -LSB- Graphics -RSB- change 32 BIT color to 16 BIT , and set the following : Shader Quality to LOWShadow Quality to OFFAnti-alias quality to OFFWater Reflections to OFFand basically have everything else Low or off . Just keep switching back and forth between the game and option menu until you have the desired FRAME rate and video quality.Next -LSB- MENU -RSB- -LSB- OPTIONS -RSB- -LSB- GAME Options -RSB- set -LSB- Camera Z00M -RSB- equal to `` Very far away '' . Well hopefully you get the picture . Take a little time and tweek away . With the above settings , my frame rate is fast , and the graphics look good enough.I do have an occassional problem with my machine getting a little too hot , which result my machine just shutting down . However , I find that if I frequently save the game -LRB- say every 10 minutes -RRB- , the machine gets enough of a break that it does not crash -LRB- usually -RRB- . I enjoy this game due to the fact that I can play a game on level medium with one ally , against two opponents and finish the game in under an hour . The soundtrack is fabulous .
 I played both AOE II and the Expansion extensively and thoroughly enjoyed both . This is truly enjoyable addition to the genre and will keep you playing for a while as you practice to get better and trying new skill levels . When I first started I could only win on `` Sandbox '' and slowly worked my way up . I can now win handily on `` Expert '' , so you will develop a sense of appreciation in this game when you can win on every level.The graphics are beautiful , but on max detail things can get a little choppy in big battles - especially sea battles . I have a new Intel Dual Core 3.0 Ghz machine with 2GB RAM and the latest 7800GTX nVidia card , and it runs pretty well for the most part . No other game I have looks better on the 24 '' widescreen . Did I mention I am still paying off my computer?I have played a couple of LAN games with one other person and it gets VERY choppy.Great game overall but it requires a ton of processing power and memory to enjoy the graphics to the fullest .
 ok people ! dont listen to all the people giving this game a junky review . For a game like this beauty it is almost a crime to give this game a bad review !! I would like to say that the game has b-e-a-uuutiful graphics and the game play is fun and addictive . However , do n't get to stuck on the story mode because it aint great ! if u want to get the best out of this game you have to play online or the instant action mode ! BUY THIS GAME !!
 I had a problem with the game right off the bat ; I could not get the game to run like the trial game . After email and phone contact with Microsoft folks ; I finally got the game to run . About 4 days worth of time ; I found that the DEP feature I was using was locking out the game on my Windows 7 Pro x64 machine . The game ran fine on my Windows XP machine , so it was a puzzle ; the fact that an obscure security feature was stopping the game did n't come to light right off . The old saying
 I lay this game everyday and i have to tear myself away every evening . it is extremely captivating and scintilating !
 I had been a big fan of the Age of Empires 2 when I was in H.S. but had not played it in a long time . I saw the Age of Empires 3 and decided to try it out . Obviously there are a good deal of similarities between # 's 2 & 3 but overall , 3 is a better game due to the updates and just in general the storylines for your role players . Excellent game overall !
 I am in my forties and I like this game . A good game to play to get your mind off the daily grind .
 For a long time Age of Empires 2 was my favorite game , and I still get urges to play it once in a while . When I first played AoE 3 , I did n't think it was that great , but after going through the campaigns and playing it a bit , I almost like it better than Age of Emipires 2 . The game play is a bit more fast pace , and most games can be finished in 30 minutes to an hour , which is one thing I like better than AoE 2 . There are fewer civilizations , but they are all have more differences . Another difference is that in the single player , you earn stats for each civilzation and have to play them a few times before you get more advantages . The multiplayer also is n't quite as good as Age of Emires 2 . Overall though , I love this game . I do n't know why it has such a poor rating on Amazon . It is an amazing rts game and a must have for Age of Empires fans .
 I enjoy this game very much . The campain mode had a short but good story line . Game interface is extremely easy to use . The expansion pack did n't bring as much extra content as i would have liked . I also do n't care for only having 5 epocs to go thru especially since the first epoc is extremely limited as far as researching and units you can build go . For example you can only build a barracks once you hit the second age . Which makes it etremely hard if you dont have any resources yet . Overall all I would say the game was alot of fun and the A.I. gets pretty rough when you up the difficultly lvl .
 I bought this game three and a half years ago and I still get the overwhelming desire to bust it out and play it for hours at a time . If you 're looking for a game with infinite re-playability , AOE -LRB- any version really -RRB- is definitely worth consideration .
 Fun game for one or on the local network . On line sucks . When i try to get a same level game on line i can tell the compation is not at my level . They are way above my level even though the system selected them as being at my biginner level .
 Excellent graphics right down to the exploding structures , falling leaves and bored soldiers . You do not have to spend as much time micromanaging your economy as in previous versions . The emphasis here is on combat and exploration.I found the maps claustrophobic compared to the gigantic maps in Age of Empires II . It takes some getting used to , but once you do Age of Empires III is very bit as intense as the earlier versions.If you are new to Age of Empires , you will probably find it tough going at first . There is no learning campaign as in previous versions . The tutorial is very limited in scope . However , there is a `` sandbox '' setting and a handicapping system that lets you experiment in relative safety until you know your way around . The early campaign scenerios are fairly easy to get through . Expect some frustration at first until you learn how to co-ordinate your efforts.If you enjoy a challenging strategy game with a little history lesson thrown in , you will enjoy this game . Age of Empires III does a good job recreating the feel of the time period.If you have Windows Vista , expect some installation problems . Download and install patches manually rather than relying on the in-game updater .
 As others have stated , this game does little more than put make-up and new clothes on the games ' old features . I find the new system of the `` home city '' rather annoying , but as a fan I 've decided to put up with it and call it part of the experience.I find the game 's most refreshing characteristics are the escape from the same old civilizations , and the ability to incorporate pirates and other mercenaries in your development and tactics.Keep it up , Microsoft . Maybe even add some more expansions ... such as one to include different central - and south-african civilizations , even middle-eastern -LRB- were any of those available in AoE 2 ? I thought I remembered the Egyptians ... -RRB-
 First I found this game is definitely more demanding than half life 2 and doom 3 . I can run half life 2 1920x1200 4x AA , and doom 3 1200x1600 . However , I barely able to handle 1680x1050 with high AA . The game crashed , returned black screen on me initially because i set a high graphic setting that my computer can not support . It 's a bit frustrating in the beginning that i could not play it . Later I deleted my game user profile and started over and I lowered my resolution from 1920 to max out 1680 and the game ran fine since then . The game play is still pretty much the same like aoe2 . i tried multiple player and it was pretty fun too . The home city makes things a bit more complicated . The mix with native Americans was pretty fun too . Overall , the game is easier to control than aoe2 , things are more automated . The graphics are really nice but make sure you have a really high end graphics card to enjoy it . The second best thing is physics . Things really break apart by pieces and things burn and thrown to dust . It looks really cool . BTW , I have dell 8400 , 3.0 gig , 1gb memory , 7800gt , 24inch dell monitor .
 This game has the atmosphere of AOE series for the most parts . . it really is niceThe main theme really takes you to the time when you first played AOE ... if you have lolWhen I first downloaded the demo and ran this game I just could n't help but to listen to the main theme over 20 times or so because it was just so touching ... and the gameplay was n't too shabby eitherBut something is lacking in the game and I do n't feel like payin 50 bucks for this game ya know ? I wonder why ... I really enjoyed AOE , it is still probably one of my favorite games of all time , and AOE2 was definitely one of the better games I 've played ... AOM was a nice addition to my Ensemble Studios collection and I thought it had the best presentation compared to the other Ensemble products . . good graphics , nice intro . . blah blahBut strangely I do n't have the urge to buy this game like I did when I played the demo of AOMMaybe it 's because the game betrayed the series and moved on to the battle for the newly found continent of America . . Maybe it 's because the gameplay is n't as satisfying as the other games . . Sadly , I 'm deciding to skip this game . I do n't care how good the game physic is or how amazing the graphics is . What I care about is a game that I can play and feel like I did n't waste my time ... since that is the case with me these days with most games.Maybe the RTS genre is really dying like many people say . . a new inspiration is needed for the game makers to make this genre great again . . With Westwood gone and Ensemble not as striking as they used to be -LRB- of course , it 's my opinion -RRB- , I 'm going to give my one last hope for Blizzard to see if they can make Starcraft2 or Warcraft4 great ... Yah , and if you 're reading this review peeps at Ensemble , yall should know that people still play Starcraft when the game does n't have the realistic physic or 3D graphics ... A 7 year old game with 2D graphics with only 256 colors supported still is the best RTS game to date .
 I truly thought Age of Empires 1 and 2 were awesome , but then came along AOE3 !! The graphics are like never before , you can zoom in and out ! Another great thing is that instead of shooting buildings they throw burning items at them , and also instead of just dissapearing when you destroyed a building as like in the previous games , the buildings actually lose pieces and then come crashing down ! I would no doubt reccomend this to any Age of Empires fan . Long live AOE !!
 This has , for me , been one of the most addictive PC games I 've played . I did enjoy the included `` Fountain of Youth '' campaign mainly for it 's length and depth . You travel most of the Americas before you 're done . But , the best feature is the single player skirmishes that take on the look and feel of a miniature campaign complete with AI team members and enemies alike who banter and dis ' each other . This game is good for many hours of replay . I highly recommend it .
 I think the game is great , with all the races with special units of their own , hidden treasures with guardians , I like muskets alot . Also , the trading post thing is cool . I 'm just a bit ADD so it 's kind of drawn out . I managed to beat the campaign and it was great how the acts are set up . The graphics are beautiful for an RTS too . But , there are places it could improve . The campaign story gets kind of repetative through the acts , and the few ages are fun but also get repetative . If you liked the other AoE games , you will love this one ! Well worth the money I shelled out for it !
 I 've read a lot of reviews complaining about bugs and crashes . I have n't seen any of them , so if you 're concerned about a buggy version , do n't worry.The game itself is similar to most RTS games , but instead of , say , upgrading all rifles , you upgrade individual units to a higher rank . For instance , musketeers can eventually be upgraded to redcoats , with higher damage , armor , etc. . . As with Age of Empires 2 , not each race has access to every unit type , and each have unique units -LRB- some more than others -RRB- . The most unique addition to the game is the concept of `` Home Cities.If you 've played Command and Conquer Generals , it 's a very similar concept to the Generals Promotions . First , you create a City -LRB- Profile -RRB- based on your nationality . As you play skirmishes , you gain experience and use this experience to `` buy '' additional `` cards '' to add to your `` deck . '' Basically , before you start a game , you create a deck of cards . These cards are like the General Powers from CnC : Generals . As you gain experience from exploring and combat , you can `` play '' your cards , which is like sending a shipment from your home city . For example , early on you can ship crates of food , wood , or silver to your town center . Later on you can ship a Fort Wagon , which allows you to build a fort -LRB- like a castle in AoE 2 -RRB- . After you finish the skirmish , the experience you gain can be used to buy better cards to use in future skirmishes.Another great addition is the concept of sustainability . Even after all the resources on the map are expanded , you can keep harvesting . Plantations and farms give continuous money and food for your colony , trade routes on the map allow shipments of resources periodically , and shipments from your city can always be sent in using your cards.And of course , as all the other reviews have stated , the game is absolutely gorgeous . Water looks awesome , trees look awesome , buildings look awesome , etc. . . One of the things I was most impressed by was cannon fire . Cannonballs take chunks out of buildings exactly where they hit . They plow down a line of infantry in a single shot with the bodies flying through the air realistically . It all just looks amazing.I have just started the campaign , so I ca n't comment too much on it . So far , it 's pretty good.All in all , this is a great game . I get a lot of enjoyment out of improving my city in order to use better cards . The city system really gives you a reason to keep playing over and over .
 Afterlife is one of few attempts at strategy from Lucasarts . When Afterlife came out it did n't quite recieve the success it deserved . The original idea and wonderfully zany asthetics hold up well even today , and the music is heavenly . I used to play the demo over and over again just to listen to the wonderfully gloomy music.Overall the game has an eerie and very unique atmosphere to it . And although the game is filled with humour , it 's also quite bittersweet in many ways , since it 's ultimately about heavy things like death and sin . I also like that the game is quite free of religious interference . There is no particular religion at play here , but instead Lucasarts has created its own universe , with its own religions and its own mythology.Although the gameplay might contain way too much micromanagment to be entirely satisfactory , this is a game everyone should give a try . It 's definitely one of the most artistic games I 've ever played , even if the actual gameplay is a bit flawed .
 There are so many scenarios you can come up with , I do n't see how you can get bored . When you first start out , stick with the mortal plodding mode , until you understand what you 're doing . After about a week it will become second nature to you , or sooner than that if you pick new things up quickly .
 Like some of the other reviewers the game I received said '' Macintosh Version '' on it . The first thing I did though was put the CD in the disk drive to see what would happend -LRB- on my 64bit VISTA system -RRB- . It ran with no problem . I ca n't install the game to the hard drive but this game can be played from the CD.I had spent two hours the night before getting Theme Hospital to work smoothly and it was a pleasent surprise when the 16 year old Macintosh version of Afterlife ran perfectly on my Windows Vista system.The game was delivered on time . It was in perfect condition . It works better than I expected it too.LucasArts was a class act back in the mid 90 's and the quality of those old games stands the test of time .
 This game has SO much to read and so much to do . The micromanagement can get a little tedious at times , but all in all , this is worth countless hours of enjoyment . The detailed descriptions of all the rewards and punishments kept me laughing for ages . This game was way ahead of its time and way too much fun . Still very much worth playing !
 Age of Empires 2 is my favorite PC game ever -LRB- see my review -RRB- but I 've been anxiously awaiting the release of AOE3 since I read about it a couple months back.Here 's my first take of the game . I 'll post an update in a month or two.The Collectors edition is very nice ; I personally think it 's well worth the $ 20 extra if you 're a AOE fan . A pocket strategy guide is included and provides pretty good information and is enough information for anyone who has played AOE2 . -LRB- Saves $ 20 on the regular strategy guide -RRB- . Read above for the other stuff included - but let me say that I think it 's a heck of a deal.My hardware - I play it on a P4 2.5 Ghz , 512 MB ram , ATI Radeon 9200 256MB . The game loads and plays fine . This game requires a massive video card to have smooth-scrolling during gameplay , and mine barely cuts it . If you can live with a little chop , it should play on almost any recent card . My laptop with Intel Integrated Graphics even plays it just the same without any problems -LRB- even though the card is not specifically supported by the game -RRB- . About the game - The neatest feature is called `` home city '' . It gives each civ some certain advantages and creates a more challenging gameplay since not only do you have to collect resources for your colony , you also must send resources back home to mommy and daddy . Sending certain things gets you certain things in return ; this is handled through the `` cards '' . I 'm not a big fan of the ` card ' method because it reeks of Civ and other kiddie RTS games , yet the idea is good.I 've not yet tried any of the campaigns so I will not comment on them , but playing single player has been fun . The map is much smaller than AOE2 , and I have yet to figure out how to change the size without adding more players -LRB- if it 's possible to do so -RRB- . The interface is 3-D and is very similar to Empire Earth and Age of Mythology . The buildings look very sharp and villagers need to mine silver , food , and wood . -LRB- I have n't yet seen stone -RRB- . There are lots of different military units ; this gives a different dimension to gameplay although some -LRB- archers , calvary -RRB- are very familiar to AOE2 . Work on gathering resources , building armies and buildings , trade , and barter with Native Americans -LRB- a new , interesting feature -RRB- . Managing a home city also provides a different dimension that presents it 's own challenges.Comparing AOE31 . Empire Earth II - I find EE2 overloads me with information . Just playing the game is almost too much work . It looks like AOE3 is quite a bit less complex although creating a huge village , fighting strong players , and managing a home city might prove to be a little more `` challenge '' than a casual gamer would like to take on .2 . Rise of Nations - I consider RON to be the real update to AOE2 . It has a very similar look and feel to AOE2 . I find RON to be too much about upgrading civs but if you set up the game to have only 4 civs the gameplay is almost exactly like AOE2 with better units and graphics.AOE3 is very similar to Age of Mythology in game play . I was not impressed with that game so after playing AOE3 a while I 'll have a better feel for how long it holds my interest.Complaints - My main complaint about AOE3 is the graphics size . I love huge screens and small resolutions -LRB- 1280x1024 or larger -RRB- but the game characters seem way too large , like the game is being played in 800x600 . I hope that ES fixes this in a update or future version . I much prefer the size of the Rise of Nations characters , even if it involves a little less detail.All in all , my early judgement of the game is that of a winner . I only give 4 stars though because of the resolution size . I 'm also leery of the ` cards ' system for shipping back things to the home city . If I wanted to play a ` turn-based ' game I would have looked elsewhere . Hence , I 'll reserve final judgement until I get to play with the game more.I would say that anyone looking for a true updated AOE2 should look at Rise of Nations in addition to this game . I 'm probably not alone in saying I would be more than happy to buy another update to AOE2 with more CIVS and a RON graphics look and feel.Good luck and happy gaming .
 As a fan of this kind of games and an owner of previous titles and similar games like Command and Conquer and Empire Earth series , I can say this game is great , the visuals are amazing , and in some aspects this game is more realistic , for example : An unit which uses a gun , in any preious game this unit will fire his gun even when the enemy is close in this one it will just take out a sword and use a diferent attack , also you can command your units not to use the gun and use its melee attack instead.The visual are great , when a cannon ball hit a building or when you hit infantry and you see them flying around.The game play is similar to this kind of games but you have to activate options to enable use of formations or diferent tactics.I also the like the option where your home city sends you supplies , men , boat , artillery etc. I have it running in my laptop and i have not have any single problem so far , and i am not using any patch i am using the game as it came from the box so i do n't share this kind of comments where people say the game does n't works , because it does : -RRB- Get the game if you like this kind of games and if you have a computer which has the requeriments you wo n't be dissapointed
 no offence meant , but most of the other people have no idea what hardware it takes to run any sort of newly released PC games . AOE3 actually runs quite well on moderate machines compared to other games like Battle for Middle Earth II or FEAR , u cant just expect to pop it into some dell computer and expect it to look as amazing as the screenshots . Im playing it on my 5 year old desktop with 1.7 ghz pentium 4 -LRB- horrible processor -RRB- , 383mb ram and gforce2 64mb card after hacking the game to run on windows 2000 , and it still plays fine , just with very low settings . btw , the game itself is designed to be fun , not educational , but it still is more historically correct than most games out there . The game itself however , does not blast me away like its forerunners . -LRB- AOE1 was the only reason i stared playing computer games -RRB- the home city feature is basically a more in depth menu of special powers gained with exp while playing , and the RTS elements resembles Age of mythology quite a bit . nevertheless , it is still very entertaining game , and the mutiplayer just gets better and better . The collectors edition is one of the best game packageing i have ever seen , the DVD is informative and fun , the soundtrack is additive , and the artbook and player 's guide are just great reads . highly recommend getting the collectors edition even if u are just into RTS games .
 This review is for the collector 's edition , so some of the content will not apply to other editions . Before getting to the game , I will focus on the extras that come with the collector 's box set , as the game buying decision can be separated from the box.The Collector 's Box ------------------- Inside the collectors edition , you get the following * Age of Empires III game -LRB- in the standard box -RRB- * Manual and Quick reference -LRB- in the standard box also -RRB- * Age of Empires III demo disk for a friend * Art of Empires book * Player 's Guide * Soundtrack of the Age of Empires III music * Making of Age of Empires III DVD ROMThe best part of the package is the coffee table book -LRB- Art of Empires -RRB- . While primarily focused on Age of Empires III , it tracks through the entire series , showing concept art to finished models . It is a hefty , hardcover book that may , in and of itself , convince many to plunk down a bit more cash . If you are an avid gamer , or merely enjoy computer art , I would say `` go for it . `` The player 's guide is marginal . While it does focus on three types of strategies you can employ , and how to employ them for each civilization , it does not give any huge insights . Perhaps this is good , as a step-by-step winner 's guide takes the fun out of playing , but it falls short . I do , however , like that the guide covers the history of the period for each country , giving insight to why certain civilizations have certain advantages . I would not buy the collector 's edition for the player 's guide alone.The soundtrack is a nice touch . Game music has greatly improved over the years and Ensemble spent quite a bit of money on the soundtrack of this game . Once again , I would not say this is a sufficient reason to buy the collector 's edition.Making of Empires III DVD ? This is an interesting touch to the game package , as it is always neat to understand how things came to be . I might consider this a reason to buy the collector 's edition , but it alone would not sway me . Add the Art of Empires book and you have me sold.Yes , it is a nice package . Your biggest question at this point in time is whether a coffee table book , player 's guide that is more of a history book , making of DVD and soundtrack are worth the extra cash.The game : --------- My favorite new addition is the home city , as it forces you to focus on expansion of a civilization from a more balanced perspective . You no longer simply pay attention to expanding an empire and colonizing , you are forced to consider the country financing your exploits . When you play your home city , you have the option of a variety of expansions , each with its own unique pluses to game play . This brings strategy to a whole new level.I also appreciate the improved physics and graphics in the game . When cannonballs fly , they bounce and break things apart . While this does little for the strategy , it is nice to see the consequences of your actions in a real way.Also nice to this game is the ability to ally with indigenous native populations . Play the French at least once to see how your natural ability to form alliances comes in handy . Native civilizations do not force you to expand your villages as quickly to gain a bit of defense and commerce . Very nice.You should play through the single person campaign . While the story is a bit hoky at times , it is nice to run through generations of a single family in a variety of situations . The cinematics are very nice , as well .
 I have been a fan of this series from the beginning and it has only gotten better with time and later versions . The latest version takes place in a time period with great significance and has always drawn me in . The graphics are great , as long as your computer is equipped to handle them . I started playing on an older computer which locked up during ship battles and such . However , with a newer comp I enjoy full game play . Maybe there were some bugs in the software initially , but I have never had a problem outside of processor speed . Great game , 5 stars .
 I have played all the AOE games and love them . This one actually has a bit of a story to entertain you as you go from mission to mission in the campaign .
 PROS
 This game is good exeept that if you dont have lotsof ram -LRB- memory thingy -RRB- on your computer than its SOOOslow . Other than that , it tastes like BEEF !!!!!!!! it tastes like mums a good very dinners . It sometimes tastes likechicken . age of empires 2 is also good but get
 I have been a huge fan of aoe since it first came out . It was infact my first game.First off I would like to say some of the other raters have no idea what there talking about . Of course u need a gaming computer to play a pc game . And there will always be fantasy in games , its not education.At first i thought this game was pretty bad , but if u stick in for a few more hours of play it gets better . This is also the only game set in this time period . The graphics are good and game play is pretty good to . I liked the idea of shipments of goods and troops . The naval battles are also pretty good , and the size realisim has increased . I would say the game is well worth the money .
 If you run Windows 2000 , be careful before you buy this game . Windows 2000 is not officially supported , although the game can be run . Web searches give any number of reasons from the developers
 This is not a bad game . The graphics are beautiful , and there certainly is fun to be had here . However , I was surprised how ordinary this game really is . I expected this to be drastically better than previous installments of this series or even other strategy games , and it 's not.I just played Age of Mythology within the last 6 months . When I played that game , I though `` gee , this is pretty good considering how old this is ... '' . Well , not much has changed in Age of Empires 3 . At least not as much as I would have expected . Sure , the graphics are awesome , but you will need a pretty decent computer to run this game . Also , while the game is beautiful , it is almost as if they just put higher polygon models into the old game . You build a settlement and send out workers , and it is practically identical to AofM . The animations are very similar . Even the buildings look similar . Just with a lot more polish.The physics in the game create some nice effects . Stuff is blowing up all over the place . This adds a lot to the experience . I expected the physics to have a bit more impact on gameplay though . As things are , entire sections of wall can come crushing down on an army , and they do n't even notice.As far as the main gameplay goes
 I am a fan of age game . I 've played aoe1 , aoe2 conqueror , aoe2 age of king . I give high rating for aoe3 because I love age game too much -LRB- aoe2 -RRB- .1 -RRB- AOE III focus too much in graphic but gameplay.A . Detailed graphic causes game to lag . I have Radeon 128M , 3.0 Mhz CPU , 512RAM , and it is still laggy.b . Detailed graphic is unneccessary during game since most advanced players would zoom out max to see more map and unit -LRB- without zooming out , I can only see a town center on the whole screen -RRB- . As a result , detailed graphic or not does not make any diffence since you just disable it by zooming out so far and do n't see any detail . Even if zooming so far , It is not far enough in my opinion.C . Music sound is extremly good . Besides that a few sounds are poor . Taunt is bad . Flare is not good . I ca n't even hear when my friend signals .2 -RRB- Unit control is terrible . There is no patrol , no formation . It is going backward since it is worse than aoe2 . Hotkey has flaw . Finding idled unit hotkey gives me fighting unit and units in queue . It is worse than age of king .3 -RRB- Home city is very neat feature although it causes so much confusion for newbie . I do n't think the handbook explains well enough on how to use cards and decks of the home city.By the way , Amazon please rewrite your program for writing rewview . When I click proceed and edit my realname . It pops up 50 new windows -LRB- frequently ask question -RRB- . Definitely It is a programer 's mistake for not testing it thoroughly . When i click backward and edit my message . It says I forgot to rate and the drop down menu for rating is not there.This is very unprofesssional page .
 I spend hours playing this game . I like Age of Empires 1 a little better .
 I bought these cables for my PS2 since I wanted to do some gameplay videos and composite was too grainy for recording . I highly reccomend these to anyone who wants a nice quality cable with clear visuals . I 've had the cables for about three months now and they have n't broke , gone out on me , or anything bad .8 / 10 just because I ca n't gauge the picture quality with my 480p games , but they really are a step up from composite cables .
 This is an incredibly good Diablo style hack and slash dungeon crawl . It 's mouse driven , if you like the `` WASD '' console style interface it 's probably not for you but if you like Diablo , LOD , Sacred or Dungeon Siege you 'll love this . It runs smoothly on my PCI FX-6200 card . Gorgeous original graphics , original maps and areas and nicely done quests . The skill system is a little unusual with a nature vs technology theme . The navigation system is a little quirky , takes some getting used to but once you get the hang of it it works well . The nicest feature of this game is that you can just jump in and play , the game configures itself with no hassles . The maps are huge and gorgeous . Highly recommended .
 Yeah , I had many of the same problems as other people here ... sometimes it took a while to recognize the disk , and it was a little unstable ... but not rediculously so . And of course there were the long loading times which were a pain.But otherwise it was a relatively fun game . Sort of resembles a mix of sacred , fate , and revenant . The respawning creatures were a pain - but unlike sacred , they only respawned when you loaded the map . The walkthrough online did n't mention it - but it looks like all the companians have a subquest - tanya for example will ask to see her father 's grave once you get near Iz -LRB- something ? -RRB- tomb near the latter half of the game , The elf mage will eventually confront her former mistress -LRB- the event happened as I was crossing between the cemetary level and the mountains -RRB- , and portiz will ask to see his family once you reach silverfall . You 'll never have to worry about gold in this game probably . And monsters rarely drop enchanted necklaces , rings , and backpacks , and guns ... so you want to hoard these items once you get them . I think the game slightly favors the technological side than the nature side and I suspect that the tech/nature specific companions are the most powerful companions that you can have -LRB- gort certain was a powerful melee companion -RRB- . And if you get weird graphic artifacts , then set the graphics settings to medium . At low settings the game was sort of unplayable as triangles and squares kept on popping up with all spell and dynamic effects .
 I downloaded the demo some time ago and was hooked . Similar to Dungeon Siege except with PhysX graphics . I was disturbed to find that publisher Monte Cristo had closed it 's doors , but resorted to my old friend Amazon and was able to get a new game from one of their sources . The full game is of course , much better and I am still playing . thankfully the game is not blocked by Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- from being installed and played . There is of course no support from the defunct publisher , although you will find some fan sites on the Web if you are into that sort of thing . Great game , I rate it 5/5 .
 The game was really fun and enjoyable to play , plus you get an array of characters you can add to your party . The down side of the game is that it 's a bit glitchy on my video card -LRB- ati 3200HD with vista 64X -RRB- . I experienced maybe 2 crashes to desktop from it when enemies were using an insane amount of spells . Aside from that the game has 3 difficulty levels but you do n't really get new spells or anything grand on higher levels , everything just has more hp -LRB- except you -RRB- . So the first play through is great second , ehh third , why ? so for the overall rating i 'm giving it 4 stars
 Good fun , but the save game feature is poorly implemented , forcing you to start again in the nearest town with all the same bad guys to fight all over again to get to the target of your current quest . I 'd much prefer the traditional true save and death is really death model . Too much effort to appeal to the game system crowd these days , I guess . The performance of this game for loading is also abysmal , likely another side effect of writing it for game systems instead of a real computer . Still , not a bad effort .
 I played this game for weeks and never got tired of it . I will re-play it after I finish Titan Quest and expansion , and then Oblivion expansion , and then ... well , I WILL play it again . I had no problems that I can remember running it or playing in on XP . Would highly recommend this game .
 The game is very good the video drivers needs work . To release a game when so many people has problems its confusing and anoying but there is no standar for that sort of thing yet .
 I have only played the demo , and i have to say , wow , they sure did somthing right . Fast gamesply , not as fast as Diablo 2 , but with the graphics that sort of speed would push alot of systems pretty hard . The quest system is fun and not too mundane like some games quests . The map system is handy , you can zoom to settlment locations.This game is definitely on my to buy list .
 the goal is simply to line 3 + animals/creatures in a row & making them disappearall within a time limit.overall this game is very simple but is hell on your fingers after a while!and for $ 1 with the manual . . cant beat that !
 THIS IS A HIGH QUALITY GAME RECOMENDED FOR EVERYONE ! I HOPE THEY MAKE A SEQUEL !!!!
 El producto es muy bueno cambia de diferentes colores manualmente o automaticamente , la superficie es solida de buena calidad , fuese mejor si le colocaran un puerto usb para conectar otros equipos adicionales . Como otros mouse pad tienen .
 Vigilante is a game that is for the Turbo Grafx16 -LRB- which came out in 1987 -RRB- . It is a side-scrolling beat 'em up type of game -LRB- like
 Okay , I can almost hear all of you asking me
 This game is better than the first , I 've been in the beta for just under a week now and love the game a lot . It 's really easy to get into and the graphics look amazing even on balanced settings.I look forward to this game should be great . Do n't listen to the WoW fanboys this game is going to be just as good as the last . Do n't get me wrong WoW is a good game too , I was in the stress test for that . Sadly I wo n't be picking it up because I already have a subscription to SWG and I just could n't get into WoW until the very end of the stress test
 Call me nostalgic , but I bought this collector 's edition years after I started playing EQ2 . It has a wonderful art book , an extremely outdated but fun to have manual , a collector 's coin , a baby dragon in-game item and more . It was worth every penny . I 'm a nerd.If you 've never played EQ2 you 're better off buying the most current -LRB- full -RRB- release of the game , as you 'll be getting all of the current zone content at one price . As of 1/5/12 that full game release is Destiny of Velious . -LRB- The most recent release is an optional features pack . -RRB- EQ2 is one of those games I leave periodically looking for something new , but return to because it has more to do than any other game . There 's tons of questing and dungeons to be done , a robust crafting system , extensive and extra cool housing , etc. . If you ca n't find something to do in EQ2 to keep you entertained for hours , you 'll be at a loss no matter what game you buy.I love that the devs are also mindful of doing lateral development , which means that there 's always something new to do no matter what level your main or alt is . I 'm sick and tired of MMO devs pushing everyone to end game only to repeat the same content over and over . That does n't happen with EQ2 , especially since they release new content with decent regularity with free game updates . In addition to free content releases , EQ2 has a mentoring system . The beauty of that -LRB- which is lacking in other MMOs -RRB- is that it does n't matter when you or your friends start playing , because you can always group together.Never tried an game like this before ? No worries . On most servers you 'll find a -LRB- mostly -RRB- mature community that is willing to help you learn the ins and outs in a friendly manner .
 EQ2 is a fun game for all ages , but prepare to get hooked on it ! There is always something to do , the graphics are great and you really can meet some fascinating people in the game from all over the world . Great friendships -LRB- and even some romances -RRB- have come from this game.If you are pretty much house-bound -LRB- as I am -RRB- it is a wonderful way to stay entertained , keep your mind active and yet be able to socialize . I 've been playing it for 6 + years now and the interaction with others is wonderful . The Collectors Editions are great to have for the `` extra '' goodies to say nothing that having the discs available is great.Good game for all . I highly recommend it !
 I LOVE THIS GAME.I dont know what all the fuss is about . . EQ always stirs up so many different feelings with people ! Let 's face it , it is a complicated game & not for those whose only purpose is to `` WIN '' , and surely , if you do n't have extra time , you wo n't get to enjoy the game to its fullest . I played the original EQ from 1999-2003 until I got burned out . . had many high level characters . . got tired of the politics of that world . Now that I am playing EQ II , I find that some of the changes to the character classes are annoying -LRB- for example , you ca n't cast SOW on someone not in your group . . so no more selling SOW on the streetcorner for extra $ :P -RRB- , but some are a relief -LRB- you do n't have to have a Wiz or Druid teleport you around , as you can teleport yourself to your home city , and if you are buffing people , you dont have to recast every time someone adds or leaves your group . . as these spells work like bard affects !! yay -RRB- . There are many more classes and occupations to choose from , and it is so much easier the way selling is set up ... you do n't have to stand in NFP or ... -LRB- cant remember the name of the city in Luclin where everyone sold things -RRB- ... in a laggy zone , trying to read the WTS , WTB ... blah , blah ... Just go to your Inn room -LRB- everyone gets one to begin with -RRB- , make a few adjustments , and your items appear for sale in the local shop.Selling , crafting , cooking , etc. . . all much more efficient . You dont have to go gathering food ingredients in some obscure zone if you want to cook . THAT was so annoying in EQ I . Since the world is still fresh , you dont have big high level guilds overpowering the world , yet anyway . Even the zones which came directly from EQ I are different now ! And , HOW COOL IS THIS ? You can have a companion PET -LRB- like a kitty cat or a pig -RRB- ! hehe ... or if you are really into it , you can save money and buy a house of your own and fully furnish it . The graphics are incredible & there are so many cool details in the environment , spell affects , armor , etc. . but make sure you have a highish level system , or forget it ... heck , your system probably wont even run it at all.The only disappointing things for me are
 First i 'd like to say that EQ2 looks killer . the graphics are incredible yet dont require a $ 500 video card . There are at least 20 races which you can be and a total of at least 30 classes probably more . ... the character customazation is the best there is . you can change things from ear rings to any shade of eye color you can imagine . by every appearence it looks like SOE has learned from past mistakes with star wars galexies . every gameing company -LRB- except blizzard entertainment -RRB- has screwed up some game at some point . just like you can judge a book by its cover you cant judge a game by its devloper . ; o -RRB-
 First , the game is beautiful and loads of fun to play but SOE has let alot of their loyal eq customers down by limiting you to 4 Characters per Account ! We -LRB- the beta testers -RRB- for weeks gave feedback and constructive reason for allowing more than 4 per account . They ignored us . So , if you are one of the people who likes to try all the class/race combos but hates deleting a character that you might like to come back to ; it seems SOE for whatever reasom doesnt care . For me EQ 's replayability and the number of characters I could have and play were what kept me hanging around for 5 years .
 You have to understandf that SoE has come a LONG way from the begining . EQ 2 looks amazing and after all the beta reveiw I have to take the players word for it , Qoute `` If you liked EQ you will love EQ 2 , if you hated EQ you will still love EQ 2 '' This game is going to be a huge hit and will lead to other competition between other games . Besides I am sure that we have all wasted away 50 bucks before why not try it and if it doesnt work out then O Well .
 I 've been playing MMORPGs -LRB- beta and released games -RRB- for over 5 years now , and I keep coming back to Sony Online Entertainment games . Both EverQuest and it seems now EverQuest II have staying power with me . I am finding the graphics and complexity of the world in EQ2 amazing , sometimes breathtaking . I will definitely find it hard deciding how to divide my game time between the two.The Collector 's Edition adds things that chiefly make you have a nicer `` home '' in game . The art book is nice to look at , but not full-sized like most collectable art books tend to be . The other items found inside the box also tend to be things you 'll look at once or twice and then put away in a drawer . If you can do without owning a baby dragon , which just is something cute inside your house , you can get by with a standard edition -LRB- DVD or CD-ROM -RRB- .
 Okay im a 13 year old and have played the first Eq for 4 years.I was a beta tester for EQ 2 . It has stunning graphics and its cool how the NPC 's talk now . It is the only Online Game i know of where walking to NPC 's is interesting.It has a better system of fighting than the first EQ as it looks like the people are really fighting.I am disturbed by reviews that say that there will be no PVP , please reread the EQ2 or EQ2 Realms website it clearly states that there will be PVP will be possable in a diffrent way . -LSB- ... -RSB- For those who say there are only 2 cities there are only 2 starting cities and there are other ones.This game is one of the best ! My personal favorite It is the best . This is on my top 10 list of games to buy . Give it a try ! You will like it .
 To those out there who are afraid this game will only only have 2 cities , I think that has been a misunderstanding . Although the main EQ2 page mentions only 2 STARTING cities that are at war , they seem to quite clear that they want the rest of the world to be somewhat of a mystery ... in it you see a halfling city looking extremely like the Shire in the LOTR , wooden lifts into a city that looks alot like an updated version of Felwithe in EQ1 , and a few other locations that seemed like they were new cities.In all honesty , I think we 're going to be in for a bit of a suprise in terms of what is hiding in this game . Whether SOE keeping things a secret other than Qeynos and Freeport will be helpful or harmful - Im not sure - but my personal belief is that we are going to see quite a bit from the original game .
 I love playing mmorpg games . For awhile I played the first everquest . Eventhough the graphics were n't great the game was well done . However , everquest II has taken care of that problem very well . The new graphics and characters along with new quests and enemies has made for a great new game . I recommend this game to all those who love RPGs .
 Been in Beta from Day one . This game is amazing . I dont see how anyone could not like it . It does require a decent system but not overboard . 5 stars and if I could give it more I would . Buy the game you will love it . Also ... EVERQUEST 2 5 stars + + + + + +
 Game rocks and is fun to play I am sort of hooked at playing it now ...
 All it is is WoW fanboys signing this and boosting down the reviews ... really i played WoW have a 60hunter on archimonde alliance ... 1 lvling on that game = a joke can get 60 in about 2weeks if not less NOTHING to do once you hit 60 new honor sytm is a gdamn joke ... all you do is join a raid group and zerg eachother and just stand far back enough not to be hit ... no skills req 'd high level instances are crappy all the same things over and over gameworld feels big but infact its so small . . because theres only a few places you would even liek to go ... no point in grouping because xp is split between party members . . meaning if u solo a mbo for 100 xp u have a person in ur party ur getting 50xp so its all solo play unless you have a group quest that needs to be done ... chances are you 'll be bored with WoW before you even reach level 55 ... all the quests are the same EVERYONE from level 1 to 60 same stuff ... all they do is change the color of a monster boosts its lvl / / hp / / atk pwr and call it something else ... you repeat the same things from lvl1 to lvl60 ... so pls do not rate EQII lower because WoW has the most players leaving per month then any other mmorpg in history ... now for a GOOD game why dont you try EQII ppl are a lil upset because this game asks you to put in some effort and not expect everything handed to you liek WOW is ? lol ... really enough stop crying and play a real game thx
 One of the first real adventure games also happened to be one of the funniest and most memorable . . All I can say is that if you havent had the privilage of experiencing this game when it came out , you probally will not be able to now unless your threshold for graphics is extremely high . . I hope and pray that adventure games will undergo another renaisance and offer up such unique , genuinely involving experiences as this one did
 This game is a diamond . Fun , challenging , exciting , and enjoyable to :-RRB- This is a DOS game from the pre Windows 95 era , but with hi resolution and 256 color support I believe it still holds it 's ground today .
 Do n't you love this nostalgic adventure game?Who could hate the ambitions of goofy moron Guybrush to get off Wannaweep Island , to getElaine to love you , to find fabled Tower Island , and to end Thai Shrimp and Sesame Noodles.Not to mention see your father , a mutant , anouthouse cleaner , and many more ...
 I could not be more excited about this game . The hints are perfect and taught me the various methods of solving the puzzles . You can enter your own puzzle -LRB- if you are stuck doing one in the paper -RRB- and it can give you hints . Level of difficulty options from 1 - 10 allow for both beginners and advanced . Excellent game .
 A must have for any Sudoku enthusiast ! Many difficulty levels so it 's good for beginners or experts . And - the game itself is very easy to use . In fact , it 's the only one I use now .
 I would use the cliche ' `` you get what you pay for '' -LRB- commenting , of course , on the quality of the plethora of free sudoku-ware out there -RRB- but given the low price of this game -LRB- and the apparently free updates !?!?!? -RRB- it might give the wrong impression.Inspired execution of the game that addicts and newbies alike will appreciate . Be warned , the highest difficulty levels are TOUGH!It was also the ` magic bullet ' that finally got my kids into the game .
 This is an excellent program with rich features and a range of options that is quite impressive . I would rate this program very highly - one of the best that I 've seen . My only critical comment is that a truly experienced Sudoku puzzle solver will find that most of the 9 x 9 puzzles are less challenging than one might hope . But the freedom to enter your own puzzles is very useful .
 I bought this for my father 's 2003-4 vintage PC that 's had no XP updates . Sapphire Sudoku 's customer support quickly called me back and talked me through downloading the Windows XP patches that the computer required to run Sapphire Sudoku . They even offered to talk me through the definitive XP update ! My dad is now happily Sudoku-ing with a very user-friendly product , and I am happily planning my next purchase from this vendor .
 The game gets 4 stars . The new DDR Ultramix3 is better -LRB- it has songs that most people recognize -RRB- . The game does have lots of fun songs to dance to - and it is even more fun with two pads for one person -LRB- VERY difficult ! -RRB- or two people dancing against each other -LRB- WAY fun ! -RRB- . If you have friends or a partner , get two mats . It makes a great time waster and a fun workout.The dance mat gets 4 stars . You 're probably getting this set for the dance mat . A few positive points
 The Mad Catz Team controller is an interesting one , it is exciting to be playing your new copy of madden or the games you like with a logo of your favorite team in front of you , But it comes at a price.The Analog sticks are a bit oversensitive on some games but most games can be adjusted to compensate for that , The controller is a perfect size and the select and start buttons are placed on the top instead of on the face which makes them much harder to hit my accident .
 I received it in perfect condition in it 's orginal case and it works great ! I received it in a timely manner ! I recommend Amazon for all gaming gear !
 I 'm sure most people will compare this game to Rallisport Challenge 1 and 2 , so I 'll go ahead and jump on that bandwagon . The way I see it , RSC has more of an arcade feel to it , while Colin2005 has more of a simulation feel to it . RSC might be morefun for the casual video game player because it is easier to master . But for my money I want the real-deal simulation . Anyonewho has watched rally racing on TV will agree that this game is as close to reality as it gets . Need proof ? If you chose the in car camera view , you can hear your turbo spool up , the blow-off valve , and rocks/gravel pinging off of the undercarriage . If you chose the outside camera view -LRB- depending on which car you pick -RRB- you can see inside the car . What you 'll see is
 I 've been a follower of the colin mcrae rally series since CMR 2 and they all have been great , but this one beats them all . The graphics are top notch and the physics are really good . You 'll find yourself moving your arms and legs with the car in front of your TV , breathing hard in order to catch the ghost car in front of you or trying to beat the leader by seconds in the championship mode . Yes it is true that going downhill it is hard to see where you 're going and you have to pay a lot of attention to you co-driver , but that 's what rally is all about . the detail in terrain and in the cars are great !! . trust me , you wo n't be sorry to buy this game if you really like rally sims . Good Luck !!
 If you 're looking for an excitting real-like Rally game , this is yours . Since enviromental noises , even individual damage in tires and parts of your car , up to different behiavor deppending the tipe of car you 're driving.It 's like Forza Motorsport , but rally version -LRB- even better than Microsoft version -RRB- . I 'll strongly recommend it .
 Very fun , but not quite like rallisport challenge 2 , also , for all you cheaters , this one almost requires you to pay to cheat : S -LRB- BUT I NEVER WOULD ! -RRB-
 I love this game . Graphics are great , physics fantastic etc.There are a few improvements that I want to suggest , but do n't change whats good with the game now - I would hate to see this become an arcade racer ! 1 -RRB- The controller customization gives you just about every option you could imagine except one - you ca n't use the right thumbstick to change gears - please put this option in .2 -RRB- ability to save favourite runs for replaying later -LRB- watching a run can be almost as fun a driving it - especially a few of the big offs -RRB- 3 -RRB- choice of camera angle for replay -LRB- inside , outside , helicpoter , as well as the tv style that the game currently uses for replay -RRB- 4 -RRB- movie controls on the replay so you can watch a certain section over again -LRB- perhaps from a different camera angle -RRB- 5 -RRB- a few more options in car setup -LRB- perhaps more precise tire compound control -RRB- 6 -RRB- a couple of very long courses up to 10-12 minutes -LRB- most are under 4 minutes -RRB- 7 -RRB- improved graphics -LRB- alhough this is well below my gameplay/replay wants -RRB-
 If you 're a fan of cutting edge graphics , action-packed game play , and seeing modern day gaming technology used to it 's fullest , do not buy this game . The graphics of this game make it obvious it 's from the early 90s . However , I am a firm believer that the concept behind a game is what makes a game fun , and pretty graphics just add to that base.Simlife is a god game , allowing you to create and manage your own microcosm . Almost everything is controllable , from the physical attributes of the world itself -LRB- like temperature , humidity , and elevation -RRB- , to the genetic attributes of the lifeforms . The number of variables at work is overwhelming to say the least , but you do n't have to worry about them if you do n't want to . You can choose to play as a micromanaging god , adapting and adjusting each individual . Or you can play more as a spectator , populating the world and then watching to see which species survive , which ones go extinct , and which ones adapt and evolve on their own.It 's an old game , and by today 's standards most people would probably not be impressed . I however have n't found any other game like it . Although it 's impossible to make a completely accurate computer representation of all of life 's interactions with itself , this game is the closest that I 've found .
 1 -RRB- SimLife runs fine under WinXP if you run it in `` Windows 95 Compatibility Mode '' ; 2 -RRB- If this sim intrigues you , you really hould dig up a copy of the Official Strategy Guide from Prima ; it explains the underlying science in a clear and entertaining way .
 Hiya , I 'm StoryMaker . Today , I decided to play SimLife because I remembered playing it when I was quite young and , from what I remembered , it was interesting and you got to make new animal species and stuff . My sister , Chocolate Dog , said that it was n't very good , but I gave it a try . I also noticed that the disc subtitled it as `` the genetics playground '' . Turns out , that 's exactly what it was for both me and Chocolate Dog . In other words , you 've got lots of animal and plant species that can be modified , frequently eat one another , and are constantly mutating , often spontaneously deciding to mutate so they can fly or swim or eat nectar or make fruit ... and the list goes on and on!You can choose Tutorial Mode , Experimental Mode , or one of several scenarios . I kind of like Experimental Mode a lot , though I admit I do n't remember what happened the last time I played a sceanario . Tutorial Mode will constantly make window thingies pop up , sometimes giving you help and sometimes annoying you . When you do a sceanario , you have to accomplish such-and-such . You can do anything you want in Experimental Mode - anything from trying to kill off everything to trying to make a certain plant flourish to just fiddling around.I find it pleasing that you can alter animals and plants , often beyond recognition , creating entirely new creatures . I 've always liked designing imaginary animals , so this was always a great feature for me . You can design the looks of the icon that will represent it -LRB- unfortunately , you have a small pallette of colors -RRB- and can choose if they eat fruit , seeds , general plants , nectar , meat , or microscopic organisms . You can also choose their intellegence , if they have few or many children , where they live , and their regular mode of transport -LRB- flying , walking , etc. -RRB- . This is talking about animals . Somehow , the way you design plants is less memorable . One fun thing to do is model a plant or animal after a cartoon , video game character , or a character from virtually any other type of media . You can fiddle with animals , constantly modifying them . They will often evolve . -LRB- Do n't worry if you do n't believe in macro-evolution . This is only a game , and after all , some minor evolution DOES exist . -RRB- It is pretty funny how sometimes , say , a humpback whale evolves to fly or lichen evolves to make fruit . You can also use rocks to make corrals for animals and you can put magic grocery carts all around . The possibilities are practically endless in this addictive genetic playground ! Always remember to regularly save your game - those illegal operations always sneak up on you . : PWith all the possibilities , this is a fun , addicting game . A few things before I conclude
 I 've had the game for quite some time , and due to limitations brought about from the computer 's capabilities , have never been able to do quite what I 've wanted
 When `` Spore '' came out , it was called original and unique . What people did n't know is that it 's just a regurgitation of this great game ! It 's fun to turn loose crazily built organisms and watch them battle it out for world supremacy , or even just making them ! The fact that you can get it new here for so little is something that more people ought to be taking advantage of . Worth buying , for sure !
 I bought this faceplate for my husband and he absolutely loved it ! He rushed right over to put it on his 360 and it hasnt been taken off since . The graphics are wonderful and it looks very sharp.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ALL GIANTS FANS !! A MUST HAVE ! ~ Jamie Biondolillo ~
 What 's best about this game is the accurate , positive control , especially with a wheel and pedals . And if you 're not afraid to edit a text file , you can make the computer drivers as tough or as easy as you like . The graphics are no longer cutting edge , but they are enough - it 's the racing that matters , anyway . The 640x480 resolution is also not cutting edge , but it allows for a clear view of the track and the other racers . On a high resolution desktop , the view area is not full screen , but the workaround is simple
 I bought this for my 8 year olds birthday . He loves the game and the case is a great buy . It is heavy duty and comes with the charger for the car . We love it .
 This travel case is very durable . I would recommend it for keeping your DS Lite safe .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and he loves it !!! For the price I paid it was more than worth it . The case is very functional and holds all his accessories . I highly recommend this to anyone with a Nintendo DS .
 Played this game years ago and I still think about it , wish there was a sequel or something , perhaps a brand new version with today 's technology . Funny and challenging enough , just plain good fun .
 Normality is a great adventure game . The storyline , characters , plot , puzzles , etc. as well as graphics and sound are all pretty well done for a game made back in the 1995-1996 era . I would love to see a sequel or even prequel too it.As a PC gamer that has played Myst and almost a dozen other adventure games , this one was pretty good . The puzzles are n't that hard to solve , at least for me , and exploring various locations such as Kent 's apartment and even the sewers at one point in the game were really cool as well.All in all , a fun game that was innovative for the time and had a lasting impact on me as a PC gamer .
 Played part of this game back in 1996 when it first came out . Being married and having kids at the time , they wanted to play with the disc to , but not in the computer . :-LRB- They thought it made a good flying saucer until it crash landed.Corey Feldman gives voice to the main character , Kent Knutson . I recall the puzzles I did play challenging , but not hair pulling frustration . The 3D graphics are good for 1996 standards . The game is compatible with the latest version of Dosbox , so I do n't expect much trouble getting this to work . If you 're not familiar with Dosbox , do a Google search for it , then start making a list of Dos and Windows 3.1 games , there are some really good classic adventure gaming out there . I be happy to provide a list if you message me .
 Galaxy Angel S is extremely short . Two episodes short . But these two episodes are great . In the first episode the beautiful , cute , and extremely lucky Milfeulle believes she 's a ghost and must haunt her fellow angels . Hillarious episode . In the second episode the Lt. Colonel returns to his former berserker self . The dreaded ` White Wolf of the Ultra Supernova . ' Very interesting episode to watch . If you like the other Galaxy Angel Series then you probably already have this title . If you do n't have this series yet , let me just say if you like anime and comedy then buy this title as well as the others . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I am a Nintendo 64 fan , but I recently borrowed a friend 's Playstation . A day or two turned into a month , and that into two . I was really surprised by the high quality of the graphics , the great sound , and the HUGE !!! number of games available . Many games are in full 3D , and there are many titles in each genre . Nintendo 64 games cost between 40 and 65 dollars each , but I found some comparable 3D Playstation games for under $ 20 , and even some on auctions for about $ 5 . For those few that turn out to be a disappointment , I would far rather pay $ 5 than $ 50 . This Christmas I am buying myself a Playstation and a bunch of games !
 The PlayStation is a great system . It 's only problem is that it is the oldest system out on the market , but that 's okay . It has the largest library of games out there for all ages . N64 is geared mostly towards children while Dreamcast has a good starter selection but will take a while to get better . So if you want a large library with a good selection of games and do n't mind buying the PSX2 next year , then go ahead and get a PlayStation . Everything will be compatible with the next system , and the original will still be quite a servicable system for a long time .
 This entertainment system is one of the best one 's out there . The games are all very life like animated in a wonderful 3d graphics engine . The controls are very good in most of its games and all around the unit is worth the money . Games on the Playstation are all very fun and alot take a very long timne to complete allowing continuous replayability . If there is one video game system I am glad I bought its the Playstation .
 What can I say ? PlayStation is outdated but it has so many great games . The great games nullify the fact that system is old and the graphics suck . I have a Dreamcast , too , but I recently bought 3 PlayStation games -LRB- instead of DC games -RRB- because of its selection of games . Dreamcast 's library has yet to impress me .
 Here 's a simple breakdown of why Playstation is and will always be -LRB- until PS2 at least -RRB- : GAMES
 I have always been a Nintendo fan , and even though my best friend owns a Playstation , he could never get my to play it . One time he finally got me to try Final Fantasy VIII , and I loved it . The graphics are beautiful , the fighting is intense , and the games are just plain inexpensive . I loved the Final Fantasy series on the Game Boy , and was mad when Sony bought the rights to it , but they have done wonders with it . The playstation does n't make Final Fantasies better , it makes them truly interactive . The only qualm I have about the Playstation is that it can have some long load times .
 Playstation is a great system . And a great deal . There has been a lot of compition between Playstation and N ' 64 . But Playstation beats it bye a long shot . The games are cheaper and better . The fact that the games are CD 's makes the movie clips run much smoother such as in N '64 evrything is made up of blocks . I ca n't wait for Playstaion 2 to come out ! The thing I love about that is that it will take old Playstaion games . So when you get this new system your games do n't start with zero . IT 'S GOING TO BE AWSOME !
 I love playstation ! It 's way better than Nintendo 64 . Not that I have anything against 64 , It 's just that playstation has way more games than 64 and the graphics just absolutely dominate it . Overall , I think playstaton is a excellent deal . I have had this system for a couple of years now . Highly recommended .
 This system is one for the books . Amazing graphics plus with the addition of the analog controller it feels like you are there . I gave four stars because some sports games get mixed up with their graphics and they do n't make the games seem lifelike which is something they can do very easily with todays technology and our brainpower . Playstation is a true keeper
 I predict that Playstation will be like the Gameboy Console . First of all , a Playstation is availible for less then a hundred dollars and very affordable . Secondly the new PSX will be backwards compatible allowing a extremely large library of games , just like the Game Boy Color . Also hopefully like this next generation of game boy games , many may be backwards compatible . What about N64 , well , N64 uses cartriges which are more expensive to manufacture therefore more expensive to play . Futhermore playstation has sold more units then any other home gaming consoling and is the oldest still in use on the market . Sony will continue to manufacture to meet the the demand , as nintendo continues to today .
 hey everyone i may just be a kid but i think this is the greatest system till of coarse the new ps2 but this one is just as good as it . so if i were in your possion i would get this system no matter what . Hope you enjoy yours .
 The PSX is awsome ! it may reaquire some adjustments for some but its worth it ! When I first got one I was so excited because it had a demo disc and taped to it was a star wars game and the graphics were amazing -LRB- I got the consle for christmas so youl prob have to miss out on the free game -RRB- ! For a hardcore gamer this is the consle if you dont want to spend the money in buying a PS2 -LRB- ... , tax is one hundred something and 4 or 7 cents -RRB- . to end this if you want the best for a low price buy this!P.S . the controler rocks ! it might feel a little heavy at first but soon youl get used to it and you wont be able to stop playing any of your games that support dual shock because the rumble feel is awsome !
 I got my playstation about a year ago , I got N64 but it only cool games is golden eye etc. and there mostly about fighting or adventure , but I mostly like sports and like extreme sports.N64 is more like Madden 2000 or Tony Hawk , and Tony Hawk 2 is not even on N64 , but unlike playstation they Mat Hoffman 's Pro Bmx and Dave Mirra Free style Bmx , NFL Gameday 2001 and NCAA Gamebreaker.I was about to be fooled about buying PSone the smallest console I ' t is better to buy the real thing because PSone does not have any fans inside the station so you could only play for like 2 hours then it shuts off by itself or it over heats.So suggest you get the real thing playstation it has fans so you could play alot longer that is why you need a playstaion
 The Playstation is a great console for anyone . With hundreds upon hundreds of games , this system is becoming very popular . I used to have a N64 , which I grew to dislike because of their expensive games . The PS can play music cd 's and has many accessories , including one which allows more than two people to play.A great gift for people of all ages !
 Well I got N64 back in 1998 because for some reason it just appealed to me . Plus I had heard and thought that it was the most up to date system , which on paper it may be but not for what i was looking for . About 2 months ago I saw how cheap it was to buy a PSX , and thought why not it would be cool to have two systems in the house . -LRB- mostly because my old sega gennisis broke -RRB- So I bought it and two games , -LRB- Driver and Ace Combat 3 -RRB- and I pretty much fell in love . One of the main reasons i liked it so much was because they offer strategy games like Civilization 2 , and Warcraft 2 , games that i like , something that N64 didnt 's start until this year when they brought out Starcraft 64 which is really good too . But when you read about them you will see that PSX brought these games out back in 1995 and so forth and it makes you feel so blind and stupid how could i have gotten N64 over PSX . PSX also has better controllers if you ask me mainly because you do n't have to plug in a rumble pack or anything it already has it in them and the controllers just feel better . The wide selection of games is seriously unbelivable , and no other system i think has ever gotten so much praise since the NES . One thing that I thought after I bought it was krap , i just bought this system and they are going to come out with a new system PS2 and i am going to be stuck in the old dust again , but with amazons great prices hopefully they will keep the market open with PSX games so late bloomers like me can still purchase fantastic games before I move on up to that deluxe entertainment system in the sky ... PSX - 1 . BEST GAMES on the market . 2 . SYSTEM looks snazzy and makes you want to use it as you would put a VCR out in the open . 3 . NEVER will there be such a good chance for a customer as they have here on AMAZON.com
 I do n't need to bore you with a long list of reasons to own a PSX . Here 's a short one : The graphics are great , the sound is fantastic , and the huge and substantive library of games is unbeatable . Howevever , the main reason to buy a Playstation now is the price . With fantastic games like `` Metal Gear Solid '' and `` Final Fantasy VII '' available for only 20 dollars , and the unit being available new for less than a hundred , and used for around seventy , PSX is the perfect system for the first time video gamer or the dorm-bound video game junkie .
 The playstation is great and i enjoy mine , but the N64 is obviously superoir graphics , though the sound , in my opinion , is better on a playstation . The nintendo games cartridges are more effective , because you do not have to wait for loading and when you lend out a games you do n't worry about scratches.The games selection for playstation is better than 64 but both have there brown spotsI feel both systems are necesary to a complete game collection .
 The Playstation is by far the best console that i have ever played , sure the N64 is good and some of my friends say it 's the best but none of it 's game are nearly as lastable or as overall good compared to playstation -LRB- except some gun games such as Golden eye -RRB- i do n't have a playstation yet though i am getting one very soon . You might not think i have a strong view point on the matter as i do n't own one but i have certainly played them alot at friends houses and stuff , for instance i was at my friends house once and i was sleeping over and we played tony hawke 's pro skateboarding for about 6 hours straight . Although i have yet to to play dream cast and PSX2 is not yet out in my country i believe that PSX1 is a masterpiece . my opinion Jamieson
 In my universe , I live with videogames
 I got this for my birthday last February , and I love it . I mainly got it so I could play Resident Evil 3 on it , and I love it . It 's got so many great games for it , and it 's just plain great . I totally recommend getting it .
 From the look of things thay are just getting better . At least when this system is obsolete you can still play your old games on the next system . Putting the shock internally on the control pads was very intelligent . That way more cash goes into buying games than extra equipment . SONY can be sure that they have a buyer for the Next Generation Playstation .
 Playstation is an awesome system that , even though you have to wait for it to load , it is still awesome . It is so much better than N-64 because it has more games and its graphics are so much more realistic . It is probably the best system I have ever owned .
 Playstation is amazing . The variety of the games is great . Also I have noticed that the picture on some of the games is almost as good as Nintedo 64 . Playstation is a better system and is made by a company that you can trust . I would chose Playstation over Nintendo 64 any day . Do n't think twice about your choice , Playstation is one of the best that there is .
 Playstation is the best game console on the market . It has awsome gameplay , very sweet graphics , great controls , and the best games , it 's so good it belongs in its own category .
 affordable , awesome graphics , engrossing storylines , lots of variety , basically you just ca n't go wrong with this investment .
 This console is really really really cool ! Ok , ok , you found me out I 'm one of the * dun dun dun dun * underaged populace . I got a playstation last christmas and I LOVE IT !! From racing games like Twisted Metal II to fightign games like Tekken II and back around to theme games like Hercules , the Playstation 's got great graphics . As for educational , it works onm eye/hand coordination and reflexes , and if you get an educational game , even better ! Even horror games like PArasite Eve are educational on the bodies cells and how it works . Got ta get one !
 The Sony Playstation is a fun system . It has it all , graphics , interface and is well designed so that anyone can play . The graphics are much more superior to any system except for the N64 . The N64 lacks seriously in gamplay for most games , and the games are much more expensive . Everything looks so realistic , the people look almost real , and to go along with it the gameplay is smooth so that most games can run without very many glitches . All in all , the Playstation has it all . So , if you are looking for the best overall system , then pick the Sony Playstation , you wont be disappointed .
 I 've had one for over two years now , and I absolutly love the thing . Playstation has some fo the best titles and up until Dreamcast , ad the best sound and video . It may not be the most superior in much anymore , but it still comes out with great titles , and has hundreds of ones already out .
 Now that Sony have released the Multi Tap you can now play 4 or 8 player games on the PSX . The games just get better -LRB- Ie Final Fantasy VIII -RRB- , the Dreamcast will not have the number of titles avaliable for the PSX and the existing PSX titles will be usable on the PS2 . The best thing is that the Dual Shock controller analogue stick will not snap , unlike the N64 's !
 I think that the Sony PlayStation is the best gaming console available . The massive amount of games and the graphics clearly make up for having to let it load . However , with PlayStation 2 on the way , you may want to save your money to go towards PS2 . Everything about the new system will be better .
 I have been trying very hard to get this game system but just ca n't seem to find it , do you know if it will be available again ?
 Playstation is currently the best console that exist . -LRB- although I ca n't compare it to dreamcast because it has n't come out yet -RRB- Although I think the N64 system could potentially make better games , Playstation has many more games and most of N64 games are 32 bit anyway -LRB- like playstation -RRB- Goldeneye is better than anygame on playstation , but playstation has much more variety in sports , with great games like MLB 2000 and NBA Live 99 , racing games such as Grand Turismo and Need for Speed
 I thought this system was the best ever . The games are out of this world !! Its not just fun , but a good system as well . I got this system because of the brand name sony.If you want good graphs , then playstation is it .
 The Playstation has to be the most amazing console ever . Even after 6 years it 's still putting out amazing games . It 's one great console !
 In my opinion the N64 is a whole lot better than the PSX because there are better graphics and it is a more powerful gaming system . Another reason is that the controller is a whole lot better and easier to handle . The playstation can get pretty annoying with the loading thing . It takes for ever to get from screen to screen . If you are going to get a playstation , wait about a year or two and get the playstation 2 .
 In Malaysia , The PS console is selling for about US$ 80 without modification . You see here , we have loads of pirated PSX game for sale going at US$ 1 per disk so it is a good investment for me . The graphics are OK , of course it is much slower than PS2 . Overall the games are numerous , over 1000 if I might add . I am a new PSX fan and I must say Gran Turismo 2 is an excellent game.PS2 is still quite costly here around US$ 500 . I 'll wait till the price drops then I 'll buy it .
 The best system thats easy to play , and has great graphics .
 This is a good toy to occupy your children or your husband for hours and hours , so you can have some peace and quiet .
 Out of the 15-20 PS games I own , only 3 ever get played more than once a month . These three are MTV Music Generator , Gran Turismo 2 , and Final Fantasy 7 . Sure , Crash Bandicoot is great and so is WWF Smackdown , but these games get old very quickly . Other than this , Playstation is the clear choice over N64 -LRB- now , Dreamcast and PS2 are a different story -RRB-
 It 's VERY disappointing to me personally that people insist on moving forward when it comes to video games and quickly putting the gaming consoles of the past behind them forever.Come on , I grew up in the days of the NES when I was a child in the late 80 's and early 90 's . I was forced to play the same few games over and over for * years * because there was n't much in the way of variety back in those days.But you know what ? I was n't angry about that . Not at all . This meant I learned to appreciate games for a LOT more than just a couple hours of fun . I learned to accept video games back then for all the graphical flaws I encountered , or any kind of gameplay problem . I learned to IGNORE all that stuff and just have fun playing the GAME and having a great time.I see kids today who look absolutely * determined * to forget about the Playstation 1 and 2 and buy whatever new video game console is cool these days . Let me tell you something - back in the 90 's , for at least four years , it was considered VERY cool to own a Playstation 1 . This is because game companies kept pumping out one wonderful game after another.Sure , there were some average games on the PS1 , and plenty of crappy games as well . But the same can be said for ANY video game console . Why should we focus on the less than spectacular games when reviewing a video game system anyway ? It 's completely pointless because ALL consoles have their share of average and terrible games . Every single one of them.Sony 's successful Playstation console was just EXCELLENT if you ask me . Making the decision to keep the PS1 for over 12 years now and not only play the console , but keep the PS1 HOOKED UP to my TV for all these years really means the games must have been good . And they * are * good . REALLY good games.In addition to having a CD player built into the Playstation console for all your music needs , I have to say the CD player is actually a step above most CD players out there because the one built into the PS1 is apparently a heavy duty player that can actually play through HEAVILY scratched discs without a problem.I put in an old Stooges CD called Fun House that 's almost unplayable on other CD players , but it works brilliantly in the PS1 . Honestly , the music CDs work a lot better in the PS1 than they do in an actual Sony CD player ! I had a couple Sony CD players that never played the discs right so in the trash without hesitation THOSE CD players went.How about memory cards ? You can buy a memory card for less than 5 bucks for your PS1 console . I am totally serious about that . What a FANTASTIC price to store your memory for your many video game adventures . Trust me , you 'll need a memory card for all the fairly long games available for the PS1.I 'm also SICK TO DEATH of all these complicated video games out there today that require pressing TOO MANY buttons just to make the character perform an action that can * easily * be mastered on the Playstation 1 . No , you do NOT need extreme and precise accuracy just to shoot a guy in the arm when you can perform a similar action playing a first person shooter on the PS1 , such as the Medal of Honor series.That leads us to the PS1 controller . It 's a * perfect * controller in every single way . You can easily remember the buttons on the controller , and where they are located in critical moments so you wo n't make any mistakes.Most importantly , it 's VERY easy to allow your fingers to reach over to another button and press it easily without any inconvenience . I 'm talking about NO problems doing so . This ... THIS is why the PS1 is a brilliant video game system . No annoying analog sticks getting in the way of your commands . No awkwardly placed buttons on the controller making your gaming adventure turn into a nightmare . NONE OF THAT!All these games people criticize today for being old and unplayable such as the Silent Hill and Resident Evil series ... give me a * break * . You have to give these kind of games a chance so your brain and fingers can learn to adjust to the way they play , and I * promise * you 'll learn to find that moving your character around is very easy . It 's all about giving things a chance and taking the time to understand the way they are.The Playstation 1 has MANY * extremely * good games available that are pretty affordable and definitely playable . Sure , most of the games are slightly shorter than the games you will find on the Wii , PS3 , or Xbox , but who cares ? You 'll have so much fun playing them that you 'll probably be back to play through them again , I guarantee it . I must have played through Silent Hill and Castlevania
 Playstation is the best Video game system ever . It never get s boring . There are so many games to chose from and Sony keeps putting out add ons for the system so u dont have to go out and bye a new one every year I 've had mine for 2 years and still prefer it even to the dreamcast .
 If you are going to buy a system , then buy a PlayStation . It has superior graphics , and FMV . It can play audio Cd 's , and there are tons of games to choose from . N64 and Sega Saturn are crushed by PlayStation . It is SONY QUALITY . Never Underestimate The Power Of The PlayStation ...
 Are you having problems finding a good videogame system ? Try a Playstation . This system has very good durability and is extremely fun ! There are also a few games which have a good educational count . So I suggest this for a die hard gamer or even a novice gamer .
 Ask any kid you see on the road , `` Have you ever heard of the Playstation ? '' Most likely , they say yes . This is one of the best game consoles that ever came out . This is the game console that pushed the Saturn off the cliff , this is the rock . Why does this console rock ? Because of FF7 , Resident Evil , Metal Gear Solid , Legend of Legaia , Silent Hill , and all the other games that this console can support . Not to mention the comfortable controllers and the organized memory card system that Sega did n't do . The only thing that I can think that this system is lacking is a DVD player ! With all the superb graphics , music , and controls , the Playstation can still be improved . I still think that the loading time for some of the games can be improved which means that the Playstation should have had a faster CD-ROM . Also sometimes the controller sockets may become loose and sometimes that is a pain to go change it and you may die within that moment of whatever game you 're playing . Also they could improve the durability of the memory cards . That 's why when I play games I usually have a extra same somewhere else on another disk . But still , these are pretty rare occurring cases and I think that if you did n't buy the Playstation you do n't know what you are missing out on ! The Playstation contains the future of video gaming . Wait let me rephrase that
 I think it is the perfect toy for a mother to buy for their son or daughter because it gives your children good hand/eye cordination . I am 13 and I love it . I would recommend for you to buy it ! If you do , I hope it brings your kids lots of fun !
 I love playstation , because all the games i want i can have , the number of games in market is an espetacule and the price is good . Thanks sony for the hours of fun .
 I have been all around and played everything and this system is the best thing i have ever encountered .
 My child therapist says that I should cut back to 12 hours of playing per day but I ca n't without additional medication . Since I bought this game when I was six , I now have the biggest thumbs in my class . I play so hard that I occasionally forget to go to the bathroom but my parents bought a rug shampooer . Does this count as a religion or something - do I get credit for playing it all Sunday morning ? The downside is I now eat only Pringles and Yoohoo and I weigh 285 pounds , which is n't bad for a 4th grader . Did I mention that my eyes bulge out like Gene Wilder and my glasses are 3 inches thick ? Obviously , the games are very educational and I expect my experience with PSX to help me get into an Ivy league school like Ole Miss. -LRB- Of course , this is all in jest , but our kids do enjoy PSX very much ! -RRB-
 The Sony Playstation was the first main console game to come out with CD games , and the ability to play audio CDs . This gave it the ability to hold more information than a normal cartridge game ... and many games came in multiple CD packs . This equalled longer gameplay and more complexity than the N64 or Sega systems.The Playstation One is a smaller version of the same unit - portable and soon to come out with a portable LCD screen . Both play any game from the Playstation One library . While CDs do hold more data than cartridges , they load a bit more slowly , so often there is a second lag between scenes as the new scene loads into memory.While Nintendo games tend to be pixel based , most Playstation games are polygon based , taking advantage of the Playstation 's 360,000 polygons/sec speed . This tends to make images sharper and scaleable . When something moves towards you it 's easy to calculate polygons , compared to expanding pixels.There is a good sized library of games for the Playstation - quite a few racing games , plus the Tomb Raider series , the Final Fantasy series , Abe , Spyro the Dragon , and more . The games for the Playstation tend to be for teenagers and adults.We 've had a Playstation since it first came out , and for racing and sports games it is incredible . We find we use the N64 far more often when kids are around wanting to play something.Specifications
 I think PSX rocks ! Awesome games such as Driver , Gran Turismo , NFL Blitz 2000 , Need for Speed
 It may only have a 32-bit graphics , but they are still quite impressive even to this day . Gameplay is what counts , and the PSX has tons of it at your disposal . No matter what genre you enjoy , the PSX has . Whether it be fighting , racing , flying , platform , music , horror , sports , action/adventure , puzzle , you name it ... But the PSX 's strongest point is RPGs . On this system you will find some of the best ever made like FF7 , Grandia , Lunar , Xenogears and Vagrant Story . The N64 only has 2 RPGs , while the DC has none -LRB- well , worthwile ones -RRB- that I can think of ! ... Oh and the controller is awesome ! You do n't need any batteries or accesories to make it vibrate . It can do it by itself , + you can turn it off w / a button . The N64 and DC require you to spend extra money on a seperate shock device that needs batteries . The loading times might be a pain but you get used to it after a while . Last-generation games like Chrono Cross and Tony Hawk 2 beat anything out for N64 and DC . Even Sega is jealous of PSX 's excellent games that they have to borrow them with their Bleem ! emulator . I do n't know about you but that 's pretty LOW ! Overall the PSX software library is unassailable !
 I am lucky enough to own a N64 and a Playstation -LRB- I bought the N64 first -RRB- and I love them both . They both have their good points and they both have their bad points . The Playstation does have an huge library to choose from , and new games are a fair price -LRB- $ 40 compared to $ 60 -RRB- , and who cares if it is only 32 bit , I still play the oringinal Nintendo . If a game is good then it is good . Another point about the games is that they tend to be more epic and less , shall we say `` be in bed by 8 o'clock '' games . N64 does n't offer Tomb Raider -LRB- I find that really strange too -RRB- and other swell games . One problem is that the controller can sometimes test your patience , and if you are impatient then be warned -LRB- although Perfect Dark for N64 has a slight loading time too -RRB- . All Playstation games are compatable with Playstation 2 so there is no need to worry there , and PS2 will take some time to get good games going anyway . So if you are so inclined then buy a Playstation , it is the best time to because Nintendo has Project Dolphin coming out -LRB- who knows when -RRB- and PS2 is on it 's way , but like most new game consoles , it is better to wait a couple of years after they come out so the price drops and they work out all the bugs .
 The playstation is a great system . It is no longer the fastest machine , and it is no longer has the best graphics but it is still good . The playstation is ... . and for that low price you get a selection of games from the most massive game selection there is and the games are very cheap . If you buy the drteamcast or N64 you end up paying ... . for one game . you can get three , four , or almost five very good games for the price of one DC or N64 game . The one downside is the loading speeds . The playstation is pretty slow but the games are worth the wait . For example , own the game Mayhem -LRB- it 's a wrestling game -RRB- and it takes 20-30 seconds to load a game , but once it loads it 's the best smashing , bashing , and slashing game there is out . So if you are wondering what sytem to get I say playstation or nothing !
 I bought the Playstation way back when when it was first introduced here in the US . Bought a few games and then got bored and concentrated more on PC games . The Playstation collected dust on the shelf for a few years , until recently when my kids grew old enough to understand how to play it . Dusted it off and was astounded by how many games are available for this system , and how far the quality has advanced with games like Syphon Filter 1 & 2 . Now the PC games is gathering dust and I have to fight with my kids over who gets to use it . Not to mention all the money I have spent on games in the past year . Thank goodness there is a thriving resale market on the games -LRB- not to mention the Greatest Hits line -RRB- . This gives me the opportunity to get all the games I had missed out on in the past few years for less than half of the original price.Had considered getting a Dreamcast on the basis of the quality of the graphics until I heard about the Playstation 2 . Now , reservation in hand , I anxiously await its release so I do n't have to wait until the kids go to sleep before I can play .
 I own a N64 , and sure it had some unbeatable games , but 85 % of the N64 games are very bad and worth nothing -LRB- ex ; Bomberman , Mischief Makers , Ninja Fighter , Nagano olympics , Gex -RRB- , some of them unheard of . They are just ... there . The only good games I 've played on that was Zelda and goldeneye . Playstation on the other hand has like , 500 games , almost all of them good graphics and story line , not stupid and childish . The PSX games had effort put into them . Almost all the games are as great as Zelda and Goldeneye -LRB- Ok , maybe not Zelda and Goldeneye , but better than about 95 % of N64 games -RRB- PSX has been on the top of the list for six years , and will probably be still great in the years to come . PSX is truly the best gaming system !
 I have an N64 because my Dad 's friend told him its great and that I 'd love it.I 've got one and the best game there is frigging Mario Kart ! My friends said PSX iss what you need.I get a wrestling game thinking man a 64 bit wrestling game!I play it and the guys look like puffed upp paper bags that have been painted on!Now I 'm getting a PSX and it is the best choice I can make!It has 32 bits but the graphics are smooth with FMV , better than N64 , and can compare with Dreamcast!Now all the games for me will be less expensive , have better graphics , and I can have great games like Final Fantasy 8 , Crash Bandicoot Warped , Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater and esc.There is a huge list of great I mean the best games ever on PSX!Definently buy it . Get a PSX !
 I got my ps bout a couple years ago and when i got it i thought it was the best system out there but then came the N64.This is sill a great system even though there are better ones.Im getting a DC for x-mas and i would have to recomend a DC over a playstation because if you play half the price more you get 4 times the graphics.But for younger kides i would have to recomend a playstation because of the simple controls and larger libary.Other systems may have more graphics but this baby has way better games than any other system.Also I like about the playstation is that because the grapics are not that the best they look a little better.It may sound weird but like the pepole on DC or PS2 look like there coverd in vasoline and are to smooth and slick which results in a non relistic look , they look like smooth rocks , but on playstation they have a rough look that looks like the characters have more details and rougher texture.On some of the games it looks more like 128 bits of graphics tha 32 . The biggest problem with me is that the cds eventually get scraches and skip and somtimes mess up , thats the biggest drawback that makes mme favor the N64.But if your looking for a great quality system that has thousand of games i would have to pick the one and only playstation .
 Ok ... Playstations have great graphics , cool games , and plus ... most PS games arent as much as 64 games . There 's also a wide varity of games to choose from . To make it short and simple ... PlayStations rule !
 I maybe crazy saying this but it is the best system to me . I am getting this for Christmas cause I only have a n64 and a gamboycolor , besides this is better than a n64 . It looks great . My friend has one I played with it and won or beat her at her on risk . I mean how could you not choose this system . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 The Sony Playstation -LRB- PSX -RRB- is still one of the best consoles on the market as far as I am concerned . It has the most playable games and the most user-friendly controller on the market . The light engine -LRB- think oscilloscope on lsd -RRB- when you play an audio cd is really nifty . Also , the PSX is one of the easiest consoles to modchip ... Think of the possibilities . -LRB- P.S. Squaresoft as a development team ? Why would you even think of other consoles . -RRB-
 I purchased this PlayStation from a guy who liked his Dreamcast so much that he wanted to sell his PlayStation . Although I have a Dreamcast of my own , I thought it was time to try a new gaming system . I 'm glad that I now own this , the graphics are amazing and the wide selections of games for this great system deliver non-stop excitement . PlayStation is one of those consoles with games that are based on great movies or TV shows -LRB- You Do n't Know Jack , Tomorrow Never Dies , Alien Resurrection etc. -RRB- This system is currently out of stock in most stores , so I suggest that you would buy the Sony PSOne Console -LRB- a smaller version of PlayStation -RRB- or a PS2 . Still , I enjoy playing the games for this console and I have not experienced any major overheating problems .
 The recent sale of the playstation 2 by such terrible perpetrators as Amazon.com , at such astronomical prices is an outrage to video gamers everywhere and deserves the highest levels of scorn that can be mustered . It was just a second ago , where I observed a `` sports bundle '' that consisted of Tiger Woods , NBA and Football I think -LRB- you know , Madden , Nba Live -RRB- , a controller , memory card , a stand , and a dvd remote for 500 dollars ; the only question I ask , do people actually buy this ?!?! If I stop marveling at the fact that there are idiots who buy this kind of stuff , more seasoned gamers who are not willing to fork out a fortune for a system that has in no way proven itself to be a tenth of what it costs , might want to follow my lead and rediscover your old playstation . What a great system . Man I bought one used for 6o bucks last christmas and it 's been great . I think I had had enough of buying terrible video game systems that were n't worth anything . In fact I made the HORRIBLE mistake of purchasing an Atari Jaguar , -LRB- which later felt the brunt of my ax and saw -RRB- and I was to petrified to buy a new gaming system for years . I could only sit alone in my room and play Super Nintendo . Finally I broke down and decided to get a playstation , the decision was unaminous , it 's obviously a superior system . In fact , there is no other system that can come close to this -LRB- well , some could argue a super nintendo could ... , but not really -RRB- . The games are great . The games are cheap . The system is cheap . You can get a new game every week . You can get a GREAT new game every week . You can get a special mod chip to play import games -LRB- and < cough > games that are backed up on CD that you made in case you lost your original -RRB- . Do n't waste your time with a PS2 yet . I have n't seen a single good game for it . Do n't think Sony 's invincible , Nintendo made the same mistake when Sony mopped the floor with it 's N64 . Check out your PSX , it 's a cool system . And wait a while , see which system 's actually good , save yourself a fortune , and make the right purchase .
 This is the best console you could get . The playstation 's variety in games is unparalleled , so you 'll always find something new to catch your fancy . Sports ? Got 'em . Action ? Lots . Platform games ? By the droves . RPGs ? Definitely the best of them all.The controls are the most comfortable you can find , no hand wringing and contorting to reach the little joystick-nub in the center or the top-left of the control -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- , all the buttons are right where your fingers fall naturally when gripping the control Excelent design.Sound ? Definitely astounding . Try connecting it to your hi-fi system and play from there . Cool . You can hear the drums , flutes , etc. . . Leagues beyond the electronic bleeps and bloops and sproings the N64 emits.And , many people diss the playstation because it takes a few seconds while loading games . 15 seconds to load games ... So ? It 's not like you 're going to miss anything . Besides , by the time you get accustomed to those 15 seconds , you start to crave them , should you -LRB- accidentally of course -RRB- return to play on a cartridge-based unit -LRB- you know who you are also ! -RRB- . So ... I recommend this console above ALL OTHERS . The only reason to get a n64 would be that you ca n't live without Zelda , but why play zelda , when you can have Final Fantasy 7 and 8 ? Definitely a case for the X files . : - -RRB-
 Of course this is n't a flop . What do you expect , it came out in 1995 ? You expect xbox 360 or ps3 graphics and gameplay from the playstation 1 ? That 's like saying Halo 3 owns Galaga lmao , obviously . When it came out it was something the whole world never saw before . It blew nintendo 64 away .
 This is a great system.I gave it a 4 because not all of the gamesharks work on it like v3 .3 and v4 .0 . V3 .3 and v4 .0 work only on the new Playstation 1 that came out last year .
 This is the best system I 've ever had because I bought it in 1997 and it has still woked for alomost 5 years coming . I still play it all the time and enjoy it alot.The graphics are ok and the speed is kind of slow but the games rock for it and the controls are easy .
 I thought that this game console has great graphics and the amount of entertainment and fun theat you can get out of your money i amazing . Although it is slower than nintendo 64 , playstation can give you better graphics and more reality . The new sega dreamcast seems like it is a waste of money compared to playstation it is just expensive and pathetic . Playstation is priced reasonably and the games are not sixty dollars . I would reccomend playstation to anyone . Nintendo and dreamcast sound like fun but are not as easy on your wallet !
 It rocks , the grphics and speed are completley better than that of Nintendo or sega , and because the graphics are read off the cd , rather than the consoles limited 64 bitgraphics , you can easily have an amazing time with visual stimuli . The only set back is that because it is the cd that has the information on it , there is the possibility to get a game with crapp graphics or that 's just plain boaring . But just read the reviews of the games and the ratings and you will have no problem . I recomend the Playstation to anyone who is serious about true gaming quality .
 I own a N64 and I am soon going to own a PSX , and I can tell that this console is great , even though N64 has some unbeatable games -LCB- ex.goldeneye , perfect dark , and banjo kazooie -RCB- , I would recommend it to anyone , -LCB- even though I am a N64 through and through -RCB- . So go buy it today from amazon .
 Every guy between 12-50 HAS to have a Playstation and Gran Turismo . GT is the most incredible racing game ever . Tons of cars , customization ... I 've had GT since it came out about a year and a few months ago , and it 's still in my Playstation at least half the time ...
 The sony playstation is well worth the money . Especially if you have a kid 10 years and older . It provides plenty of fun , entertainment , and it gives kids something to do . You should buy this like yesterday .
 THAT 'S RIGHT YOU CAN TRUST SONY TO INVENT THE UNBREAKABLE WALKMAN DOES NOT BREAK OR SKIP -LRB- IF YOU HAVE A DISC MAN -RRB- AND SONY COMPUTERS SONY TV 'S AND LEAVE IT UP TO SONY TO COME OUT WITH THE BEST OF THE BEST IN GAMING SYSTEMS THE PLAYSTAION AND SOON THE PLAYSTATION 2 WITH GRAN TURISMO 2000 THIS IS A MUST FOR ALL YOU UNFAITHFUL THAT STILL WANT A SEGA
 The Sony people are genuises ! Put out a system that needs to be replaced every few years because it 's not capable of handling newer games -LRB- heck , my system even gets overwhelmed with Resident Evil 2 , let alone Syphon Filter -RRB- . Unfortunately , it still is the best product on the market , even though it may be the most frustrating system to play when your game requires loading .
 Play station allow many games to be played .
 After giving it some thought , I recently bought a PSX Dualshock system . Having played the N64 , it got boring for me due to lack of RPG 's . There is not one decent true RPG title for the N64 . Quest 64 was a total piece of garbage and Zelda for me is just a over hyped , ho hum game.With the PSX , there is the FF series , various Square Soft RPG 's , upcoming Dragon Quest VII , and many more titlesavailable . I got frustrated with the lack of RPG 's for the N64 and hearing about all the awesome ones for the PSX . RPG 's has always been my favorite type of game to play . The first RPG I ever played was Dragon Warrior on the NES . That game really got me hooked on RPG `` s. Everybody that I know has a PSXand they really it a lot . The fact that the games are on CD 's , hold more memory than cartridge , really swayed me towards the PSX . The only drawback is that you need to buy memory cards for Adventure & RPG 's . I like the design of the PSX , it can also play your favorite cd 's . The N64 may have better graphics and sound , but that alone ca n't make a fun game . Do n't get me wrong , N64 is a good system and so is the Playstation . PSX has a lot of the Mature games . Something the N64 has very few of anyway . The PSX Dual shock controller does not need batteries , unlike the N64 's . I have n't bought a decent game for the N64 in a while and maybe wo n't for a while . There is no hope for the N64 , not in my mind anyway . Maybe there will be RPG 's for the Starcube -LRB- Nintendo 's new system -RRB- but who knows ? Nintendo has gone out of their way to make more mature games and that 's a good thing.Myself , I 'm in my 30 's and I like to see more mature graphic scenes and four letter words . In closing , I would like to say that I 'm sure glad I bought a PSX . The library of games is immense and there are loads of RPG 's ! But I have not given up on the N64 , maybe they or somebody else will make a decent RPG . -LRB- Yeah right ! -RRB- Hails to all the true RPG gamers out there !
 This `` game '' , I do n't know why people call this a game , it 's more like a hardware system . It 's so fun I ca n't even tell you about it , you got ta play it your self . If you do n't feel comfertable buyimg things you have n't tried over the internet I suggest that you rent it for a day from a movie rental place and if you like it , come back here for the best prices you 'll ever see for PLAYSTATION !
 Let 's face it . The PlayStation is the best console system in the US . Why ? Well , it is because of the awesome games that have been coming out and the wider variety of genres . Have you seen a decent RPG on the N64 or the Dreamcast ? Nope . Have you seen a major fighting game franchise -LRB- Tekken and Street Fighter -RRB- on the N64 ? No ! The only place to find these kind of genres is mostly on the PlayStation . The graphics may look outdated , but it is good enough for someone to enjoy a decent game . Also , the loading times may take long , but I do n't really care about it , I 'm patient with it . Anyway , buy the PlayStation , it is definitly worth your time .
 Let me start out by saying that I 've had an N64 since the year it came out and I 've never owned any other systems that were not from Nintendo . I was excited to get Mario64 when it first came out . I got it and could n't stop playing it until I beat it . Afterwards I found myself with little games to play or look forward to . I thought that videogames had died for a while but little did I know that the only thing that was dead was my N64 . The only good games are Zelda64 , Golden Eye , and Mario64 , other than that the games are garbage and without any RPG in sight I was quickly loosing hope . Well I waited till Zelda came out and although it 's probably the best game I 've ever played there were no other games to play afterwards.But recently I got a Playstation and all that changed . I am addicted to videogames again . I could n't believe the games I was missing . I 'm sorry I did n't get a Playstation sooner . Finally I could play some RPGs . The graphics are better to the N64 's in some cases and are less blocky . The games are great and there are so many games that it 'll take me a while to play all the good ones.The Playstation has better sound too and has FMV which is great for RPGs . Sound is better since its a CD , the games cost way less than the N64 games , the games are also a lot longer due to the fact that CDs have more capacity that carts . People complain about load time for the Playstation but it 's better than the N64 where you have to wait 6 months for a decent game to come out.If you want to play the best games ever made than get a Playstation and if you just want to wait around playing nothing than get yourself an N64 . In conclusion if I knew that Playstation was this good I would 've never bought an N64 . I do n't think I 'll buy Nintendo 's next system either , being taken for an idiot once is enough for me . I 'll take the Playstation 2 over their new system any day no matter how god they say it 'll be .
 First off it has the most games availibal and probably always will because its games will be able to be used with PS2 . The graphics are great , and games are very fun . It has the widest selection ranging from sports to RPGs . Dreamcast ... it has only a few slim titles and doesnt plan to come out with any good RPGs for hardcore fans which buying the system is a disappointment . and the N64 is great except for the games which are usually very kid like . Thats why PSX is the best !
 first of all , this is not a flop . I dont know who would hate this . There are so many good games like Doom , Hexen , Duke Nukem , Resident evil , Silent hill , medal of honor , twisted metal . But mine broke after 7 years of usage . The engine burned out and it would turn on but the discs wouldnt spin . So , i suggest u get the new model to replace this one . Or a ps2 . But , if u find one of these in mint , i garuntee it will work .
 Playstation is one of the best systems out there on the market . There is an endless amount of games that you can choose from , which is better compared to N64 . In my opinion this item should be in everyone 's home .
 ... and here 's THREE REASONS WHY : ONE
 Of course it ` s not the most powerful machine in the world but hey what great fun and not forgeting it was the first of it ` s class . The playstation will always be around as it offers good visuals great gameplay and a vast and inexpensive number of games . I have a pc , I have a n64 , I also have a dreamcast , But i also have a playstation and i cant really see me getting rid of it as it offers me -- THE GAMER ----- a huge assortment of great games -- final fantasies , formula 1 , gran turismo , to name but a few . Definatly well worth having in your collection . Its also worth noteing that this system can be used to play audio cd ` s on . GET ONE
 The PlayStation has been beaten out in the hardware race by the PC , Sega Dreamcast , and -LSB- some say -RSB- the N64 . However , the PlayStation is still the best overall system on the market.There is no better deal , and the N64 can only match this price , not better it . Also , the CDs the PSX uses are much cheaper than the cartridges of the N64 . This system is the most inexpensive to own and use.Secondly , the games are as good or better than those of other systems . For the Mario , Zelda , and F-Zero of N64 , Sony has Gran Turismo 1 and 2 , the Syphon Filters , the Resident Evil series , Metal Gear Solid , Final Fantasies , Dino Crisis , Tekkens . . more of the best games are still only on PlayStation .
 I thought that the playstation is a really good console and I loved it so much that I have almost every game for it . I have 91 games and I have beat them all I spend a lot of time on them and my favorite game is Final Fantasy 7 , it was really challenging and fun to play and my neighbor came over and started his own game and he beat the game before I did ! He really liked the game and he always wanted to borrow it so I would let him and that is how he beat it before me . My most recent game is Tony Hawks Pro Skater and I really love it it is my favorite skateboarding game I have ever played . Street Sk8er was a horrible game and I gave it away to one of my friends and he gave me Croc 1 and I said that I ripped him off . But he did n't care so we traded . That is what I think about the playstation .
 Sonyplaystation has everything . I 've played N64 and the graphics are n't nearly as good as PSX . If you have N64 , you know that to get the same graphics as PSX than you need to get an expansion pack . Even with the expansion pack the graphics are that good . So do your self a favor and buy a playstation .
 Before I bought a Playstation I had the following impressions of it
 I love it.My parnts might get it for my b-day . PS2 is no different then the first.So what PS2 plays dvd so does my computer.PSone rules because there are so many good games.PSone rules !!!!!
 The best gaming sytem available , the Sony Playstation will continue to be the best in its class until the release of the PS2 -LRB- Playstation 2 -RRB- .
 When I bought my first Play Station in 1996 i had so much fun , the choice of games is huge -LRB- but not all of them are good -RRB- and their are so many people with one there is always some one to play with . But I can question its reliability . The first generation of playstations were plagued with cd and heat problems , the second generation would have problems with FMV sequences of games , finaly they fixed all of that by the third generation . I would recomend a playstation but make SURE its a third generation playstation -LRB- it should come with a force feedback remote -RRB- . PS
 When this came out everyone went crazy because it was new and the games were on discs . Which is much eaiser and handier to keep clean and take places . Most people had a N64 before this and even at the same time , so they were used to the cartridges which were big and bulky and somewhat annoying . It has two memory card slots and two controller slots , and it can play compact dics so you can listen to music when your bored on your tv with your own cds . Most games on this console had good graphics back then so people thought it was amazing . They became highly addicting and very fun to play . This became the most popular system in the USA and almost everyone had one back then . Many games get scratched and broken as time goes on since they are old but try to keep them in their own cases they came in so they will play better and much longer with out the annoying freezing and skipping of the game . I am saying this because many games will not play or work anymore because of the lost case so they were just thrown around in the closet untill i finally put them in a computer case way back when ... now i am more protective of the games because it is very dissapointing to find that your favorite game will not work anymore and you have to go through the trouble to buy them online because stores do not keep or sell them anymore . This is a very good console that i would purchace if you do not have a ps2 or just to have this original masterpiece to bring back memories !!!
 The Play Station is best.It 's better than X-box , N64 , Gamecube , Dreamcast , and even Play Station 2 -LRB- barely -RRB- . IT HAS MORE THAN 700 GAMES AND GROWING.It 's the best selling console EVER.You can get tons of demos from sony and Play Station Underground.You can buy Multi Taps , DUAL SHOCK controllers , Memory Cards and the list goes on and on . I have a N64 -LRB- 64bits -RRB- , Play Station -LRB- 32bits -RRB- , Game Boy Color -LRB- 8bits -RRB- , NES -LRB- 4bits -RRB- , and Sega Genesis -LRB- 8bits -RRB- and 31 games between them -LRB- 17 are Play Station -RRB- but , none of them compare to the almighty PLAY STATION.In other words Play Station is the best console on the planet -LRB- yes , better than X-Box -RRB- !
 I got my playtation a week ago and got some pretty cool games such as Grind Session , Crash Bandicoot Warped , NFL Gameday 2001 , and my little brother has Croc 2 , and Dave Mirra , s FreeStyle BMX.Those games that we have played are very exciting also the playstation is the best part it can play audio CD , s and my brother likes to listen to music alot.But , the playstation has great sound , graphics and very cool Dual Shock Controllers . So what I am basically saying is that the playstation is a very good system and has high quality graphics , sound an audio .
 This system is great , it has more and better games than any other system . It is the best gamming system ever made , however if you have the money you should probably wait for the PS2 in September .
 my roomate owns an N64 and I just ca n't get into it like I can w / a playstation . The driving games rock ! Lets just say I could play games like GrandTheftAuto & CrashBandecoot 24-7 ... If anyone were to ask me what kind of system to get , I 'd tell them in a second ... PLAYSTATION MAN !
 Playstation is the best thing in the world to buy for Xmas . It has a huge list of game titles to choose from , friendly installation -LRB- even adults can do it -RRB- , and will delight the entire household . Sometimes I even let my kids play with it .
 I have owned a playstation for over 4 years and I am still satisfied with it . This is one fine machine made by sony , it has qualities that no other system its price has . Its closest competitor Nintendo 64 cant come close . First n64 cartridges hold 90mb of stuff while playstation can hold up to 750mb . WOW , what a difference . Also playstation is CD , while nintendo is a cheap cartridge . ALso on of the best factors is that playstaion can load over 360,000 polygons per second , while Nintendo can only do 160,000 . Playstation also has the best game inventory of any system . SO with all these features I think you should buy the best selling console NOW !
 Sonyplaystation has everything . I 've played N64 and the graphics are n't nearly as good as PSX . If you have N64 , you know that to get the same graphics as PSX than you need to get an expansion pack . Even with the expansion pack the graphics are that good . So do your self a favor and buy a playstation .
 This is a great system . If you want great games and a wonderful system check this out . A must have for all gamers . The best game out for it must be Final Fantacy 8 . It also has many educational games for little kids . It canuse CD-roms instead of nintend 's cartriges , which means it can have much bigger and less expensive games . If you want performance and power go with playstation . If you want a weak system with more expensive games that you can beat in a second , take the Nintendo 64 .
 Playstation is incredible . I own N64 & Dreamcast , and PS1 prevails over both . The games are way more cost effective , and have better gameplay than N64 & Dreamcast . Analog controllers allow both basic control and advanced control on steering . Most importantly , PS1 has way more games than N64 & Dreamcast .
 its a great system me and my dad play it all the time some time some games are advanced 2-d there games are great i would buy it and ps2 also playes there games ...
 The power of the Sony PlayStation with the dual-shock joy stick controllers coupled with a captivating software program called Spyro the Dragon delivers a gaming experience that tops any other offering anywhere in any genre and must be experienced to be believed.In a magic world where the the absolutely gorgeous color and artwork constantly delights the eye with sweeping vistas of snow covered mountains , tropical forests , deserts , huge ice caves , towns , swamps , and castles in the clouds you the player guide Spyro the little dragon in an adventure through 3-D vistas which beggar the imagination.This is a single player game . Memory plug-ins are available which can save 3 games.PS . Dragons have wings . Can you say ... Practice Area -LRB- s -RRB- ? What TV produced this glowing tribute ? A $ 399 five month old 27in Toshiba CF27H50 . -LRB- Surround sound/PIP/S-VIDEO -RRB- Highly Recommended
 I recently agonized over whether to buy the Playstation or an N64 . Here 's what made the decision for me :1 . Although in theory the N64 has better graphics , in practice there is n't much difference . 2 . CD-quality sound on the PSX as opposed to the tinny `` cartridge music '' of the N64 . 3 . Speaking of cartridges , although they load faster , they hold less code -LRB- 96MB vs 640MB for CDs -RRB- , are more expensive , and wo n't play in any other system . 4 . A LOT more games for the Playstation . 5 . Current games will play in the Playstation 2 . Now , I 'm obviously not a cutting-edge gamer , and when the PSX2 comes out , I 'll wait a couple years . But when I do , I 'm glad the games I buy today will still play tomorrow . A final bonus is the cool graphics machine you can run with audio CDs . Make your own cheesy 80 's video or have something to stare at while spacing out - it 's a nifty feature !
 I ordered my PSX about a week ago from amazon.com and recieved it 3 days ago . I must say that this system is well worth the money despite its power . Many of my friends told me that I should have gotten a DC or PS2 , but I did n't because Playstation has quality and value . I bought FF7 and Street Fighter Alpha 3 plus a memory card all for $ 50 ! A typical Dreamcast game costs $ 50 alone ! If you buy two DC games and a memory card , you would be spending upwards of $ 100 ! There 's so many good games on PSX to get cheap right now that there 's really no need to buy a DC . Awesome PSX games include
 I ca n't beleive that this system has so many games ! It 's just crazy ! Spyro , NCAA 2001 and Coolboarders 3 & 4 are da bomb . Sure , N64 has some ok games , but they are mostly games that are racing or fighting games . The game selection is so vast for PSX . If you are thinking about buying N64 or PSX -LRB- DC and PSX2 kill them both , so i 'll just do PSX and N64 -RRB- check these out :1 : Games PSX-Great Sports N64-Great racing2 : Sound FX PSX-Sweet because on CD N64-Not good because in cartridge3 : Game play and loading time
 Okay , if you are stuck on buying either the Playstation , the Dreamcast , or the Nintendo 64 -- do n't buy either of them . Wait and buy the Playstation 2 . It will allow you to play all the current playstation games and DVD movies . Not only that but it is literatly 10 times more powerful then a PC -LRB- Blowing Dreamcast out of the water -RRB- . If you ca n't wait and you are under 12 , then its a tough choice between the Nintendo and the Playstation -- the Nintendo is perfect for little kids .
 I owned a Playstation for many years and decided I should get a new one after I sold it > The new ones with the dual shock controllers are better than ever . And also , with backwards compatibility with the next Playstation2 -LRB- controllers and games will work with the new system to come out in a year -RRB- there is no reason not to buy it . Best games out and overall a better system than dreamcast or Nintendo 64 .
 This is a great system . Here are the reasons why :1 . First of all the games are on CD 's . So they can hold around from 650 to 750 MB of information on them . While cartridge games can only hold around 96 MB of info .2 . The sound , duh ! What whould you expect from a CD ? CD quality sound ! Most of the games on the PSX have great music and sound effects . Cartridges tend to have lower quality sound and music . But most `` Cartridge Music '' does n't sound bad .3 . THE GAMES ! Where else can you get Tomb Raider , Spyro , Final Fantasy , Crash Bandicoot , Metal Gear Solid , Syphon Filter , and Teckan ? -LRB- not to meation other great games -RRB- There is over 500 games out for this system . And most of the games have good story lines and have good graphics for a system with only 32 bits ! N64 's graphics do n't look much better than the PSX 's anyway .4 . The Dual Shcok Controler . Unlike the N64 's dumb way of having a rumble feature . The Dual Shock Controler does n't need batteries , and you do n't have to buy the rumble feature . With the N64 you have to buy the rumble pack and then buy batteries for it .5 . The price of the games . CD 's cost less to make than cartridges so they cost less . CD 's range from 10-50 dollers . The N64 's range from 20-70 dollers .6 . The extra
 The Playstation is the best system on the market today , with the exception of the Dreamcast . As for the educational level , I 'll be the only one to be honest , it 's almost at flat zero . The system was made for entertainment , and it serves it 's purpose ... very well . A great investment , as the PSX 2 will be avalible as an add-on for it , and it will play the previous PSX games . The best for any gamer , beginning or advanced
 It may be starting to look old-school nowadays , but face it : the Psx is the best console that has ever existed . I 'm not talkingpower , or number of polygons it can shove onto a screen . I 'm not talking load time , or any other specs Sega or Nintendo may be shouting to try to talk up thier consoles . I 'm talking where it really counts
 The Playstation was the best 5 years ago when it came out September 9 , 1995 , is still the best , and will continue to be the best . The best RPGs , sports games , racing games -LRB- even has a Mario-cart clone in Crash Team Racing -RRB- , action games , shooters , fighters , and even created a new genre -- survival-horror . There is an awesom game in every genre for the Playstation -LRB- usually 4 or 5 really -RRB- . Sony will still release Playstation games for years to come.If you want the best , buy a Playstation .
 With the confusion of your friends telling you to buy a Playstation or an N64 , its hard to determine which one is really the right one . I was amazed when I saw that the N64 actually can not produce as many polygons/sec as PSx can , and N64 is newer ! Actually less than half the polygons.Pros
 This is an amazing game.The football realism is the finest ever on a console . When you play a game and the crowd gets so loud you ca n't even hear the announcer you know you 've got a great game.NCAA 2000 is SO realistic that while playing a afternoon game that went into overtime , you could actually see the stadium lights come on!The best thing you can say about a game is the fun factor and Will you play it 5 months after you 've bought it.NCAA 2000 is that kind of game.The dynasty mode and the greatest games mode are outstanding.If you love football games this a game you have to have !
 PlayStation is the best system I 've ever had . It has a great library of games . A lot of the games are action packed . They also make a lot of E rated games for all you parents that have kiddies . The controllers are great too . The Dual Shock Analog controllers work great and has a good rumble . I would recommend this system for anybody ages 6 and up . Well , I hope this info . helped you deside to buy a PlayStation or not . Bye !
 Sony 's PlayStation is a great system , and even though it relies on a five year old 32-bit technology it 's better in many aspects than the N64 . First of all it is very inexpensive which is a definite plus if you want to spend your money on games rather than on a console . Second of all it can render a lot more polygons than the N64 , -LRB- N64 's 3D characters almost look like the ones appearing in a really old Dire Strait 's video -RRB- thus characters do n't look blocky . Third
 Ive been wanting a playstation 2 , but this is just as good . Sure , the graphics arnt as good , but for 30 $ , its wroth it !
 I loved it ! It has great games including , the Final Fantasy series , all the Tony Hawks , and the Maddens . I think it is better than the PSone because it can use game shark , has a fan so it does not break down easily . Get a used PS2 because it can play more games and you can get them for about $ 120 dollers !
 The Playstation is a good system , but watch out for the games ! Some games have very sloppy graphics , sound , controls , etc. . Take The Mummy . I was gaga over the movie , but the game is worse than horrible . It was boring , hard , and looked like it was just thrown together . Another word of warning . If you have the old Playstation , do n't buy the monitor . It will only fit the newer PS1 . My friend found that out the hard way . Otherwise , it 's a fun game system .
 I will admit it i reserved the nintendo 64 months in advance . Sure when i got it i thought it was great , but after months of defending it against my classmates and their playstations , i decided to get my own . It by far surpasssed the n64 's enjoyment . Sure the n64 has better graphics , but playstation was the better games and better sound . In my opinion nintendo aims their games for a much younger audience . Many of their games are not apealing to the 14 + crowd . Playstation provides way more games for this age group , along with games for the younger group , but they can still be injoyable for the older gamers . The playstaion controler is much better in design . The dual shock controller is the best that i have seen , but who wants to put that bulky heavy rumble pack in the back of the n64 controller ? I hate the memory pack for n64 , one season on qb club fills the whole thing , theres 20 bucks gone for a game that costs 60 in the first place . That brings me to another point , games are alot cheaper pn playstation , you are looking at a 20 dollar diference . If you are deciding between a playstation or a n64 i would go with the playstation . If you are buying a system for a younger gamer then i would consider the n64 .
 Ok this is the most durable playstation . I have had it for more the 4 yrs i bought it when it first came out . It still works perfect and it has been kicked , fallen on , taken apart to put a mod chip in it , it has been thru sooooooo much it seems it is impossible to reck . NOT saying i have been trying to . But if you are planning to buy a ps1 this is the best .
 This is a very good system to have . It provides many , many hours of entertainment for all ages . It is strong and durable too . If it is on with no game , there is also a memory card or CD player possibility . There are many features and options available . This is a great system and a must get .
 Out of all the systems out there PlayStation is the best . It has awsome games like Rage Racer.It is so much fun If you wanted you could play it all day and never get bored . Everyone thinks Nintendo 64 and Dreamcast is better but they have n't tried PlayStation . So if you are one of those people and you think N-64 is better try PlayStation and you will see that there is no way that Nintendo 64 is better since it is much more fun .
 This is the perfect system for any kid . There are so many fun games from all different levels and genres that if you buy this system you wo n't run out of fun . Take the chance to buy this system now that the price went down .
 This is a great system . If you want great games and a wonderful system check this out . A must have for all gamers , but I do suggest waiting for the Playstation 2 which can do anything that the original can do , and more . this includes playing the original Playstations games . The best game out for it must be Final Fantacy 8 . It also has many educational games for little kids .
 This is probobly one of the pmost wonderfull toys I have seen . I love RPGs -LRB- role-playing-games -RRB- and the Playsation is RPG Galore . It 's a pain in the bottom to have to clean the games every 7 hours of playtime , but it 's worth it . If you like engrosing storylines , exciting battles , and emotional charitars , the playstation is the one for you .
 Ok ... so I finally got tired of Mario . So , I went out and bought myself a playstation , and the first game I bought was Final Fantasy VII . Whoa ! This game was incredible . The mini-movies set inside the game really blew me away , as did the incredibly long story-line . Every one in my family got into it , from my father -LRB- who liked solving the puzzles -RRB- to my nine year old brother -LRB- who liked controlling the individual characters , and giving them names -RRB- . I won the game , but then decided to start all over again . New names , new choices to make , etc. . The next game I bought was Tomb Raider III . Wow ! Laura Croft kicks some serious you-know-what !!! My older brother really enjoyed that one . I ca n't wait to see what 's coming out next .
 This system has lasted me for about 3 years now ... i have about about 25 games and 10 demo disks ... that should give you enough of a hint to want to get this system or at least consider it . i have so many games becuase they are not as expesive as n64 games . . they cost about half the price and they are twice the fun ... thanx for your time .
 IF u dont have it yet you have not lived yet . If u get it u must try out rage racer .
 the playstion is far far better than the N64.loads of games to choose from . i personally spend about 2-3 hours daily on it . if your going to buy a video game console , buy a playstation .
 This game system is the best game system on the market right now
 The Sony PlayStation is , in my opinion , the single best system available to date . To begin with , the PSX -LRB- PlayStation -RRB- has more titles for it than any other system I 've seen . With game developers like Square and Capcom backing this system with their games , you can be assuring to top quality games pushing the system to it 's limits . With amazing graphics that push the envelope of what can be done , the PSX offers interactive eye-candy that no system has matched . The system is also surprisingly durable . Mine has been knocked about quite a few times , and runs just fine . It requires about the same kind of maintainence as any other video game system , or CD player for that matter . The price for this system has steadily dropped since it 's U.S release , and is now one of the most inexpensive systems available . Overall , this system is still the number one contender in the video game system market , and Sony is about to blow the competition away again when it releases the PSX 2 .
 Albeit an older game , this is probably the best Dune game out there . It 's not a shooter , nor is it a wargame . This is all about politics , true military & logistical strategy & playing the part of Paul well.You start out just brought to Arrakis & take an ornithopter to find Fremen & make deals w / them , gain their trust , convince them to work for House Atreides . Eventually your powers develop , you train Fremen to fight , mine spice , collect water , spy on the Harkonnens , prospect for spice , even grow plants.All the major players from Dune are present , save for Paul 's sister Alia . Almost all of the plot events take place in this game . You can , theoretically play it endlessly if you do n't choose to take the Harkonnens fortresses & take full command of Dune . But to master the game you must learn how to use agriculture to destroy the spice in key areas to choke the Harkonnens income & thereby their favor w / the Emperor . As you get more gutsy you can have your Fremen attack their bases after you equip them w / various nasty pieces of weaponry including atomics!You can learn to ride a worm , drink the water of life & become God-Emperor . Make no mistake , the game is time-consuming & is not easy to beat . You will have to think , work , negotiate , command & eventually conquer . However , never do you yourself take an active role in the fighting , nor can you command your troops in battle as individuals or units , you dispatch tribes as companies to battle & then sit back & watch which may disappoint many RTS gamers . This game is worth the money though , believe me.It is old , yes , it is DOS , yes , the graphics are literally cartoony , yes . Also , most of the characters portrayals are rather over-the-top w / Thufir Hawat & the Emperor Shaddam IV being some strange kind of aliens .
 This is hands-down the greatest Dune game out there . It is very old , and the graphics are nothing compared to any game released in the last ten years of course . . But the game was just so well made , and completely captivates you for sooo many hours of gameplay . It is challenging , and definitely has a wonderful re-play value .
 multiple games , all fun to play and not a lot of annoying animation and repetitive lines , even my eight year old grandson has games he loves to play . Great game from Amazon !
 If you loved you 're battlefield 1942 game , then you 'll love this expansion pack . It adds alot of difference , In some missions you are special forces , special forces have new wepons like the german mauser k98 grenade launcher attachment to you 're rifle , and the british shotgun ... just to name a few.And new vehicles , like the german Sturmtiger , which is a tiger with an attached naval gun , And The Allied sherman tank with rockets , which is a sherman tank with rockets you could shoot from a top attachment -LRB- good for takeing out whole hordes of tanks and foot soldiers . -RRB- Also new jets and planes like the German Horton HO 229 , a jet bomber thats fast as lightning , and the allied F-85 goblin , a new small jet that lays down heavy fire.The new levels are awsome , some hide gadgets , like the jet pack or player guided missiles.Over all a very nice game . they should make more battlefield games for MAC.The multi-player in the game is awsome to , but the other guy already said everything there is to say .
 ** Get the most complete Battlefield 1942 Game with add-ons by choosing Battlefield 1942
 Sacred is a Diablo-style hack-n-slash RPG with a large game world and a ton of possible side quests . Although presented in the fixed-angle isometric style of many similar games , Sacred 's graphics are very detailed , and mousewheel zooming is allowed . The game constantly challenges you by presenting enemies with varying skills and weaknesses , in increasing strength and number as you progress along your journey.What to expect : * Although there are times during your quest when you are accompanied by one or more NPCs , Sacred is a single-character game , as opposed to party-based games like Dungeon Siege . * When starting a new game you can choose from a small assortment of vastly different predefined characters . The game begins slightly differently depending on which character you choose , but the main quest is the same for all characters . * Combat is very simple
 After playing Diablo 2 for the last few years , I was really excited to see Sacred released . It 's different , yet the same from Diablo 2 . The graphics are superior and there are a TON more things to do . They smartly programmed the experience gain , too . No more level 80 in one day . The skill variations are VAST , so you could make several different builds of one character , so ... it might take you a few months.The single player mode is the winner with this game . You can do quests at your own pace , explore at your own pace , etc. . Multiplayer on the Net is a little shaky . Wan na do a campaign or mission on multiplayer ? Good Luck . I have an extremely difficult time questing in multiplayer . It seems all the quests are already done or in progress ... that is the frustrating part.The battle graphics are smokin ' HOT ! They will bring a tear to your eye !! Verdict
 Anyone buying this game should first of all download the 1.8.6 -LRB- or whatever version is current -RRB- patch from the official Sacred website . It fixes a lot of minor annoyances , including not being able to heal your horse when you drink a healing potion.That aside , this game is like a beautifully rendered , modern-day Diablo . 3D character models and items set against gorgeous , photo-realistic backdrops make for an exhilirating gaming experience . The lush , detailed forests ; the snow-capped mountains of the north ; the harsh deserts of the far south - it 's all here , and shown in amazing detail.In short , Sacred is like a much improved version of Diablo . If you 've a love for adventuring , for questing and `` dungeoning '' , it 's a must-buy .
 The six player character options all play fairly differently . Plenty of scope for different builds within each of the characters . The offical sacred forum on the developers site is pretty full of debate on what is `` best build '' ... a good sign.The game world as stated by many people is huge . I mean really huge . You can walk -LRB- or ride -RRB- across it without loading screens etc. . Very nice . Saving games is also approx 5 seconds long.Many main and subquests to complete . Subquests are fairly easy to complete , main quests are often lenghty affairs across good distances . Some of the subquests are broken to some degree with the little subquest arrow not working right . I suspect this will all be patched at some point . The game is massive , so not surprising some of the wee bells and whistles do n't work . The developers have shown excellent follow up on patch issus so far , which bodes well.Hundreds of items , plus many can be socketed with jewelry and runes , and there are at least a hundred of these to play with as well . Lots of combinations for outfitting your character.Simple to use , yet deep to think about , special combat arts , spells and combo system . Also leveling up requires thoughtfull application of stats and skills.Many people complain about difficulty with clicking on monsters to attack etc. `` I have to click 4-5 times to attack a monster '' sort of stuff . The game works best by clicking and holding the left mouse button down . Once doing that your character will continue to attack without constant clicking . -LRB- Nice for my carpal tunnel issues ! -RRB- This info is also on pg 27 of the manual.Overall I 've enjoyed it greatly so far . Player for 20 hours and explored 6 % of the map . Excellent value for money !
 I recently purchased the game during my R&R from Iraq and found that the game ran well on my laptop . Although being a bit Hack and Slashy for me , I found that the game was enjoyable enough for me to keep . I ca n't wait to get out of this rock of a country and back home to the US so I can play it online : -RRB- I found that the ability to wander the woods slaying whatever comes in your path was interesting . Moreso than Diablo or Diablo 2 ever was , allowing more freedom to do as you please . Although the different letter keys took me a few deaths to figure out . Trying to find your healing potion on your alphabetical belt while being slashed and shot with orc weapons can be annoying . The graphics were outstandingly better than other Hack and Slash games Ive played . The voices left me somewhat baffled and were not to well done . Overall though this game is definatly a keeper.I never ran into any quirks or problems as so many of you said you found . I havent patched my game yet or anything . Maybe I just got the good copy ? : DAt any rate its definatly worth your hard earned dough . Im a long time Dungeons and Dragons Player though , and nothing beets a good old fashioned pen and paper dungeon crawl ; -RRB-
 I 've only been playing a few days , but Sacred is a very enjoyable and entertaining game . It definitely has a few quirks . I 'm playing now as a Wood Elf , but will definitely play a second time as the Vampire.The graphics are fantastic and cutting edge . You ca n't compare it to older , similiar games , because the technology improves so quickly . Baldur 's Gate was state-of-the-art at its time , too . Sacred 's zoom feature -LRB- roll the center mouse ball -RRB- allows you to get a close-up look at people , landscape , etc. without loosing pixels.The game is very fluid in motion , no jerking about , but the AI can be a little flaky . NPCs tend to disappear or get stuck in the corner of a room , or take off running down a dead-end . I 've learned to just keep moving and they catch up to you . Also , you have no control over their fighting . You can give them a better weapon -LRB- which they 'll return -RRB- , but you ca n't give them any armor . Those you need for a quest will resurrect if they die , otherwise they 're gone . The hack and slash is the same as Diablo , except Diablo has a better representation of how much damage your doing . In Sacred , it 's sometimes hard to tell which bad guy you 're hitting . Monsters do n't have any real stats on them , just a couple symbols when you cursor over them that I have n't figured out what they mean . This is probably my largest disappointment . Similarly , roaming townspeople have weird symbols over their heads that depict what they 're doing -LRB- Alt key -RRB- , walking , merchants , friendly , etc. , but the book does n't show you what they mean . And when you figure it out , it 's generally pointless and not entirely accurate.There are lots of places to hunt for stuff and even at the first few levels , you 'll find some great armor and weapons and plenty to sell . Maybe too much . By level 9 , I had so much money , I could buy anything . Which is fine , but not terribly challenging . You also get the ability to add enhancements to your weapon , like the little chips you got in Diablo . Except that you have to go to a blacksmith to have it done . I do n't believe you can do this on your own -LRB- again , I 'm not through with the game -RRB- . The tab key brings up a see-through , overview of the map area you 're in , but Sacred 's version -LRB- Diablo had a much better one -RRB- does n't give a clear point as to where an area stops . I found myself going back to places I 'd already been because I thought I missed something . Diablo delineates an area with a red , glowing line which is helpful , and shows doorways . Sacred 's see-through is a little confusing . The overview world map is kind of nifty , though . Run your mouse over a symbol and left click to a zoomed image of the area . Also helps with locating quests.You can buy a horse which is different and fun . If they disappear , you can call them back . They also take damage in combat so I keep them away . You can shoot arrows from horseback , but ca n't use certain skills unless you dismount . That 's a little tricky too . Not impossible , just not real fluid . More handy when traveling alone as you ca n't buy one for your companion . All in all , it 's neat , but not real practical.Finding how to fufill quests is very easy . In this respect , beginning gamers would really enjoy the game . Experienced gamers might find it less challenging . -LRB- Maybe the Bronze/Silver selection relates to difficulty ? -RRB- Once you 're given a duty , there 's various maps you can view to see exactly where to go . I like the log book feature which clearly details your quests along with hints and other info . The enclosed book is the same you get with any other game . Just the basics , but helpful to learn how to shoot , use magic and various playing tips . However , I found that keeping track of everything in battle , your life , switching weapons , using magic is a little awkward and easier to understand by an experienced gamer . Diablo and Baldur 's Gate were more fluid and easier to find . For instance , trying to heal an NPC during battle was tedious . Maybe there 's an easy way , but I have n't found it . I think in Diablo -LRB- it 's been awhile ! -RRB- you can press 1,2,3,4 as like a quick key . In Sacred , quick keys are the letters , so while you 're shooting you have to hunt for letters . Doing that , while pressing Ctrl to keep your character from running all over the battlefield , hitting space bar to drink a health potion , it 's just a little much.Obviously , I have n't had any problems running the game , but that does n't mean others did n't . Make sure you have the right system requirements -LRB- the game is only somewhat high-end in that regard -RRB- and your video drivers are updated . Also , if it 's unloading , check how your memory is being allocated . My husband darn near took his whole system apart because the game kept dumping , until he saw all the stuff eating up his RAM . I did get some weird bugs , like an occasional jumping screen and I lost the pointer once . It also unloaded once when I found a quest object before getting the quest , but when I reloaded it was fine . There is a patch that fixes `` minor bugs '' , but I could n't find it on Encore 's site . You can get it at `` downloads-zdnet . com '' or at Game Spot -LRB- which gives the game an 8.6 out of 10 , btw -RRB- or via Goggle . All in all , Encore did a great job at a fun game .
 It may have been buggy at release , but the 1.5 update , which I applied before I started playing , seems to have fixed everything for my machine . I 've been playing almost non-stop for 2 and a half days and not a single glitch that I can find.Diablo II fans should rejoice at this truly excellent game . Better graphics , a map that is bigger than you can possibly imagine , simple controls , a little bit of innovation -LRB- combo moves , Saraphim and Vampiress characters , special abilities , etc. -RRB- good story , diverse adversaries , good music , and a whole lot of fun . I discovered this game by accident on-line , and had a hard time finding a copy near me , but the effort -LRB- of driving to a GameStop in downtown Boston -RRB- was worth it in the extreme.Go buy this game immediately if you have any love at all for Diablo II style gaming .
 This game is alot of fun ! I start playing it and I ca n't stop . There are so many things that you can do and with different characters . I start playing it and the day is gone in no time -LSB- that 's why my wife hates it -RSB- . Very good graphics . This is my favorite RPG . I ca n't wait 'til Sacred Underground is available!Make sure you download Sacred Plus from the game site . It offers some improvements and extra missions and characters .
 Theres a few pros and cons about this game , but I 'll get to that later on . First off , Sacred is alot like Diablo II , only with a good story . It 's very open-ended for an action-RPG , over 50 % of the world is open to explore as soon as you start the game . Unlike most action RPGs , where the smaller enemies just seem annoying , in Sacred the monsters carry random items . You could kill the smallest enemy and find a great weapon or item on it . As you go along , you find `` runes '' to place in slots to do special moves . You can combine these moves to make a really cool looking -LRB- and powerful -RRB- combo attack . Theres alot of movement in this game . It 's not just `` hack & slash '' . Characters have moves where they can kick , punch , spin around , do acrobatics , and all kinds of stuff . Theres also `` particle effects '' on some items . One of the armors for the Seraphim class , when you put it on , sprouts blue `` wing '' like things that sway around when you walk or move . You can also have blacksmiths combine weapons and armors to make completly new items.Pros : - Lots of ` eye candy ' for this type of game . - LOTS of items , weapons , armors etc etc. - Diverse enemies and characters . - Nice music and sound effects . - Each character class has a differant type of `` play '' . You can beat the game with the gladiator , and have a totally differant experiance if you beat it with a vampire class . - The replay value is great . 30 main quests and 200 sub-quests . You wont be beating this in 4 hours like some action RPGs . - You can buy a horse and ride it around , and attack from it . - Online play . - The overhead view has a zoom feature . Where you dont have to stare at tiny characters running around . When you zoom in you can see how much detail is in this game . - A really `` clean '' interface.Cons : - Kind of a `` dated '' engine . It has an overhead view like Diablo and Baldurs Gate . But it 's not really a resource killer . This game will play on any average PC.Over all , I really liked this game . I compare most of these game types with the famous Baldurs Gate series -LRB- gameplay , content , originality , etc -RRB- . And this one was more than enough to keep me interested . It 's just alot of fun . It 's good to see that games are still being made that just arent all about the graphics .
 I 'll make this real simple , anyone longing for a Diablo III will love this game . It has the great gameplay action and skill building of Diablo II along with a seemingly endless amount of quests to add some interest to all the hacking & slashing . Another thing , the gameworld is HUGE . The game includes a meter that measures the percentage of the world you 've explored and so far I 've played 20 hours and have only explored 6 % , although I must admit I am a plower from the older Might & Magic games .
 Easay to install , pretty gool graphics and sound effects & music . Easy to fall in love with.Addictive too . I am fairly picky , but this one sure measured up -LRB- unlike Divinity , which was a let-down game , that one was -RRB- . Unlike anything I have played before , much better . Like darkstone , but way , way better . Beautiful . Easy controls , intuitive , FUN -LRB- and bits of humor -RRB- . The only drawbacks are tiny characters and buildings on map , & i wish it moved a tad faster . I guess a better vid card and/or processor w. / a larger monitor screen would fix that -LRB- installed on P3 of 800MHz with ATI9250 Radeon pci 128mb w. / T&L - ; i think an 03 or 05 Vcard/graphics card - and 512 ram , which is now 1BG Ram , so that should eliminate the ever-so-occasional lagging , mainly B4 combat or during , but easily corrected by zooming in , which is WAYYY cool , like Darkstone by JoWood , and which you can do at any time -RRB- . The 2nd reason i gave 4stars & not 5 was the intricate , slow building process , only a bit repetitive , of killing the same orc armies over & over , albeit a different vast landscape , in order to gather money coins to -LRB- bummer -RRB- find your way back to a store to upgrade equuipment.Character upgrades are mostly automatic , but i think there was some leeeway as to how you tailor abilities , which spells one chooses and which attributes to increase.Riding on -LRB- 2x faster than running -RRB- and attacking -LRB- though slower -RRB- , and even charging orcs with a HORSE -- ya , a real live-looking one you can hop off of and on at any time indefinitely . The water and lakes and flowers are rather pretty . Awesome music and battlecries . Devastating -LRB- and customizeable attack packages of moves , and othjer powers / combo attacks
 Not bad game , graphics of the environment you play are quite detailed , although a little bit repetitive . Probably about 1/2 way through the game playing vampiress now . Awkward access to potions when you want to use them on accompanying characters is frustrating and there are some bugs on the version I 'm playing -LRB- unable to complete some side quests -RRB- . Otherwise great , particularly that most the world -LRB- Ancaria -RRB- is open to explore at your leisure , rather than available only after some prerequisite missions have been completed .
 Firstly , I have n't run into any of the bugs or game crashes that some of the other reviewers reported . The game runs smoothely and flawlessy at all times on me computer which is n't really high-end as I am just about ready to scrap it and buy a more current gaming machine . All their rants of crashes and buggy gameplay are probably due to their not keeping their graphics drivers updated or probably have something else running in the background . My only problem was getting the game to run while I had ventrilo running . That is the only thing that caused the game to crash . For this I give the game 4 stars . Would have been 5 . This game is for lack of a better word , AMAZING . I have n't had as much fun in an RPG since Ultima VIII or diablo . I did n't like diablo 2 or Baldurs gate . BG was way too boring . This game is very fun to play . The inventory/Items system is straight out of Diablo . The combat is hack/slash like Diablo but with added skillsets to perform special moves and combinations of them . The world is pretty big with alot of cool suprises if you stray from the mainquest paths on the map . The map system is sweet and easy to use giving you the ability to zoom in and see everywhere you have already been . I could go on and on about every aspect of this game but I 'll stop here.I was an Avid RPG gamer but the last few yrs I have barely played any due to the types of games coming out . This game has renewed my love for the Genre and i have been playing nonstop for the last 3 days .
 Its very good and satisfying rpg because it plays a lot like diablo2 but its better because of graphics and slightly diferent in gameplay but basicly go around and hack everyone down which is fun . Combos and skills look awesome when you use them gracefuly kill your enemys . Magic is pretty to everything is visble like the kind of armor you are wearing you can tell it looks just like the picture of the armor itself . PLenty of cool special unique itmes and ENOURMOS WORLD ride a horse if you want ! But i still dont realy consider this game D3 , it is more like ARCANUM if you have heard of , nice rpg to . Its like a hybrid of Arcanum and diablo , mostly diablo though.Enjoy a great rpg with good variety of things to do i doubt youwill get bored in the next few month .
 I got this game soon after it came out and really enjoyed it . Now my kids are into it , and though the graphics look a little dated , it still looks really good and plays well . I played on Bronze level the whole first time through , now I 'm trying a different character on Silver and it plays very differently . Each character has their own flavor , fighting style and lots of fun animations and effects.The only downside is that this game can have some real trouble starting up if there are other apps running in the background . I 've found that mouse pointer software , any kind of cpu cycle-sharing program like folding@home, and some full-time virus/malware scanners can really slow the boot-up of the game . Once it 's up , it 's smooth and runs great.This is a lot of gaming bang for the buck . It runs well on older computers , has a patch that adds many more square miles of map to explore , has an active modding community even now , and goes beyond just following in Diablo 's footsteps . Fun , replayable and interesting , years after its release . I think that 's what you call a classic , is n't it ?
 I do n't know what to say . This game is just totally amazing . I got ta say to you , after I started playing this game my life got better . My mom wo n't let me play any games unless I got good grades so now I do better in school instead of failing like other reviewers who plays games and also I can finally play a real Diablo clone ! Like it says in PCgamer review -LRB- 82 % rating for PCgamer magazine -RRB- , I also trully think this is the first well made Diablo clone and everyone who is a Diablo fan will love it . It might not have everything that Diablo has but it sure does come close . And this time you can play up to 16 people online instead of 8 people which makes it more fun . In my opinion , Sacred 's single player missions seem actually better than Diablo 's single player missions . The multiplayer is about the same but Diablo still stands on the top . Just think of this game as another great expansion for Diablo 2 with better graphics , better single player levels , and up to 16 people online . You do n't even need good computer to run this game . My recommended system for this game is only P3 1ghz , 256mb ram , and GeForce 4 or Radeon 8500 . It did n't work so well on my cheap Celeron 897mhz , 256mb ram , and GeForce 2 but I finally got a new computer last month to fully enjoy this game with no slow downs or bugs . My new system is AMD Athlon XP 3200 + , 512mb ram , Nvidia GeForce FX 5600 Ultra 256mb video card and I ran the game on highest settings . This game a trully one helluva game and any Diablo fans or RPG fans should definitly get this game . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Demos do n't always show the full product but if this storyline continues on in the manner that it is , a player will spend many hours exploring this new world.It is very similar in feel to Diablo II but with some excellent additions including the ability to combine spells and weapon styles into one easy button that you can push.Distance always proves to be an issue in many RPG 's . This game provides an easy to get there horse system and if you forget where you parked your animal , just whistle by using the easy to hit horseshoe on you character 's picture . This game even has horse upgrades.Six character classes include some of the old favorites like a gladiator `` tank '' and some new ones , like seraphim -LRB- angel -RRB- and vampiress.This game is even boasting a similar online setup as Blizzard did with Diablo II . So if you played Diablo II like I did all day and night , your wait for a successor is almost over . Twenty - four hours and counting !
 Very good engine - did n't run into the quirks other reviewers have seen - Encore has been active in bug fixes , maybe that 's the reason.Enjoyable graphics , interesting quests , reasonably non-linear world to explore with several non-main quests hidden throughout . Easy interface to master and use . Needs more variety in monsters - the same basic types keep coming up , and there seem to be random hordes of monsters incessantly wandering the countryside . Would prefer fewer but more interesting monsters.Documentation is OK , not great . Took a while to figure out several items , although the interface is pretty easy . E.g. nowhere does it describe differences at the beginning of `` Bronze '' vs. `` Silver '' selection - that seems to be a difficulty level selection , but it does n't say so anywhere.Ending is a let-down . All of a sudden you 're done . Does n't let you back into the world to finish other non-main quests , which would be nice.Look forward to replaying the game as a different character . Magic seems to be challenged , but I 'll give it a try . The game writers seem very dedicated to improving the game .
 sacred is a great little game but I think they rushed to get it out too soon . . Their are numerous bugs in it so many quests get failed . I downloaded the patches and they made it worse.I play with a radeon pro card-my boyfriend plays with an n videa.my card is rated as higher than his but i have problems he does n'thave - like the game crashing-he has the others-unable to complete a quest . . The bug fix downloads make it worse.It is a good game , but frustrating . . I think they should have delayed putting it out and fixed the numerous bugs in it .
 If the copy you have does not work , exchange it for another . thats what I did . and the copy I got , works fine . If you like diablo , you 'll love this game . it is more enhanced and much better at least in terms of gameplay and graphics .
 I notice from one 1 star review , the person even admited they barely met the min requirements . A review should not be rated if you dont have recommended . I have 1.5 Ghz and 512 RAM . Now , the ` outdated ' engine most are speaking about doesnt get in the way or play a part in the experience if one is looking for a game with content , which Sacred has a LOT of . It 's a roleplayer 's game . Diablo fans will love this game , I agree , but I actually was not a Diablo fan . I like this game though a lot because this is a game with tons of action and good content with a HUGE world JAMMED with quests . It should also be noted that the problems of trying to access the game or crashing have all been addressed at their support forums , but I havent had a single problem with it . Installed smoothly and went straight into a character . I even didnt have a problem with the demo . ALWAYS try the demo first of ANY game ;-RRB- For people who have problems , follow regular troubleshooting guidelines . . get your latest drivers . A con would definately be the need to rotate the camera . Zooming is nice and gets you into the action . The world is huge , the variety of weapons and armor is huge . . leveling is adequet , I think it 's a tad slow at the beginning , but the action right off the bat no matter what class you are is addictive right away . Option of a horse interesting too . Not sure if I really like it , but it does make for fast travel while viewing the scenery . Also your character will make quick little comments once in a while , which can be quite funny . Good game , full of content
 I love this game , there was nothing at all wrong with it , it arrived here on time and everything else
 Sacred is an RPG of the highest class . Was selected as Game of The Year . It is big and Expansive . There is no correct way to play the game . The main Quest must be done in correct order , aside from that you are free to do wherever you want , Many many side Quests.Sacred Gold must be installed on your Computer in order to load and play Sacred Underworld , which realyy expands the game .
 I bought this game when I heard it was pretty much a Diablo 3 , and it 's pretty close . I really ca n't compare the two too closely , because of all the similarities they have they have just that many differences . It has the same click on creature and kill it style play that Diablo had , and the items have just about the same importance that it did in Diablo also . But the graphics are better with actually 3-D characters that you can zoom in and out of in three different perspectives which is really nice since every piece of armor or weaponry you equip changes your characters outlook and it 's nice to see what they look like from a close up perspective , or when your using a long range attack you can zoom out to get a good view of everything in the area . The special abilities leveling is also a nice change from the level up and get a new skill technique you find in most RPG 's , that and mixed with the ton of unique/magical/set items in the game , you 'll find yourself running off the main quest just to engage a group of monsters just to see what you can find . I really do n't know how many month 's I 've been playing this game but out of the 6 characters I started only one has gone all the way through the first game and is about a quarter way through they 're second . Every time I start a new character there seems to be a side quest that the first few did n't find so every time is a little bit different . All the characters are really fun to play and I find myself bouncing back and forth between them all the time . The only bug I ever encountered was when the compass was pointing at the wrong area after I completed one of the main quests , but it corrective itself eventually . If you really like hack and slash RPG 's , I 'd say buy this game .
 I like to play many games and I use virtual cd player so I dont have to keep swapping CD 's - This game requires the CD to play.Game play can be buggy at times . Getting the lastest patch 1.8 does n't seem to do much about it.More drops and loot then you can shake a stick at . Can advance your player above level 100 , so you have some definite goals and it will last quite a while.Overall its a good game . The ending is extreamly disappointing and will leave you with a feeling of ... ??
 It 's a wonderful game , but the prolific amount of bugs found in the game play cost it that final star . Overall , if you like rigid storylines with A+B+C plot sequences , this may not be the best of games for you . However , that lack of structure is also what makes the game so unique . You have the freedom to move about an immersive world that maintains a fresh feel even when you are n't working on the main quest . Sub quests are neither easy , lame , nor hackneyed , making it all feel like more an experience to play than a just another game.Overall , it 's almost perfect .
 this is a great game for any diablo or diablo 2 fan . the graphics are superior and the quests are less routine than those of diablo 1 or 2 . plus , you can have a horse which makes traveling quite a bit faster . also , the game was less jumpy for me than when i tried to play diablo , which caused my computer to freeze . as i said , the graphics in this game are much sharper than any other game i have played on my pc . the features keep my interest longer than diablo , which gets boring very quickly .
 Do not let the 75 % rating on gamerankings fool you ... This is a high quality game , much like the original . Let 's start with the weak points of this game.The graphics are definitely not exciting , however , spells and abilities look cool and are fun to use . It can be argued that the graphics contain a distinct art style to them ; regardless they are certainly not up to today 's stantards . As you progress in the game you will notice little touches like multiple well placed corpses from a large battle . But , chances are , you will glance at the 2D screenshots and think to yourself : `` Is n't this what Baldur 's Gate used to look like ? '' . Now , the other negative aspect of this game
 I just bought this game is it is awesome . Like others have been saying , it basically is Diablo 3 . The game has very unique single player and multi-player modes . For single player you can go through and enjoy the storyline and explore each area to it 's fullest . When playing online , you pretty much get in a party -LRB- or solo -RRB- of 6 people and kill everything in sight . The story is pretty much gone , but it 's fun to explore the lands and vanquish powerful foes . Lastly , I would like to say to all though experiencing problems , GET BETTER COMPUTERS ! I have been playing the game on and off line for several weeks now and not once have I had a crash or glitch . I do n't know why you people have been having so much trouble , the game runs perfect for me . ANYWAY , THIS IS A MUST OWN GAME !!!
 i bought this game on a gamble , not sure what it was really like ... turns out it 's great ! if you like Diablo II you 'll like this one . i think that Sacred does have better graphics and a bit more humor than Diablo . there 's also a few features that are far superior to Diablo such as you do n't get tired when you run , if you import a high level character the merchants automatically have stuff that fit your skills , and so on . you can play this game with multiple people , which just adds to the enjoyment . all in all i love this game .
 Starcraft is to Warcraft 3 as Diablo 2 is to Sacred . Not quite as addictive at first but definately improves where the other left off -LRB- not that sacred is a sequel -RRB- . Horses , charged special moves , graphics -LRB- weather effects are awesome -RRB- , unique characters , and best of all , very user friendly for those who are n't role-playing fanatics ! Just plain cool ... try it if you loved Diablo 1 or 2 .
 I just completed the whole game -LRB- not just the demo -RRB- . This is a LONG , involved and very addicting hack-n-slash RPG . Long time RPG players will like it and newby RPG players can cut their teeth on it . At the end you can `` export '' your character -LRB- mine was level 44 -RRB- and use it to start a new game . The new game is the same as the original but with higher level monsters and much higher level goodies to find . There is one BIG problem with this game ... . it can be very quirky to get it running . Sometimes errors and lockups -LRB- requiring rebooting the computer -RRB- happened 3-4 times before it would finally run . This happened nearly every time I started the game i.e. I could n't get my computer configured to not have this happen . Once it got up and running right I had NO crashes or problems . The readme file and the game web site have MANY suggestions how to configure your system to make the game run if you have problems . Even with these problems this is a GREAT GAME if you like RPGs . The ending says `` to be continued '' - I am looking forward to that .
 I found this game for $ 10 and at first , was kind of disappointed at the lack of options in game . Well , many options are there , but you have to find most of them yourself . Ok , first off , this is a spawnable hack and slash , like many of the reviews mention , so if you do n't mind killing the same groups as you circle back and forth through the same terrain , no problem . The variety of character types is nice , each character has a great set of skills , spells , and attributes to work with.Comparing this to Diablo I/II , Sacred delivers in some aspects . The horse riding is fun , but seems to attract more enemies , and it 's almost worth it to just walk from town to town . The idea of using up to 4 sets of weapons and up to 4 spells at the touch of a key is better . There 's even the option to combine up to 4 spells/skills into 1 barrage of attacks , although this works better on quick attack skills , and not so well on longer spells , so if you get knocked around and distracted , it tends to kill the combination and you may have to wait a full minute for it to regenerate to use again , so it 's a toss-up . Along with main parts of your quest , there are a multitude of minor quests you can take part . Most are simple tasks , making you feel like a gofer -LRB- you know , go for this , go for that -RRB- , but they are usually quick and simple and can cough up some nice rewards.The Save feature is pretty good , although savegames tend to clog up your list and need to be deleted every so often , but it 's nice to save anywhere you want , unlike Diablo II.Like Diablo I/II , you can find rare -LRB- Yellow -RRB- , set -LRB- green -RRB- and sometimes unique -LRB- gold -RRB- items . Many have sockets , which you can have a blacksmith in any town add attributes to an item , although I highly suggest killing some undead in the desert and collecting skulls , as they add some to alot of damage to anything they 're inserted into.One bad thing about the game is that sometimes people following you can get killed , making you fail a mission . One exception is a chap named Wilbur , who actually fights with you after awhile , and you can give him a better sword and shield if you like . If he dies , he takes a nap , with little birdies floating around his head , then miraculously comes back to life , ready to fight again.Overall , this is a good RPG with realtime combat and a nice variety of gameplay , including decent replay value .
 This game makes Diablo 2 look like Nintendo . The graphics are beautiful . I spent 50 hours exploring the world , doing side quests and working on the main quest and only uncovered 25 % of the world . The game has a tool that tells you how long you 've been playing and how much of the world you 've discovered.There 's lots of humorous things to find , like `` Jason 's '' hockey mask , the Harry Potter `` soccer '' field -LRB- what was that called ? -RRB- . Some of the gravestones you uncover have the developer 's names or some great one liners written on them.The monsters range from goblin 's -LRB- which speak german in the UK version , sounds hilarious too -RRB- to huge fire breathing Dragons . Something to note , the US version released by Encore does n't have `` gore turned up . It 's a pretty minor difference which you can readily test the difference in with the downloadable demo . But even so , I ordered the UK version.I played through the bronze level -LRB- same as easy -RRB- without any bug problems . Most of the bugs I 've seen reported are related to Multiplayer -LRB- online -RRB- . In single player there were some quest related bugs , but you could easily get around them by quick-saving your game before taking on each new quest . If it 's bugged , quick-reload and move on to something else.Don ' t let the bugs deter you from what could be the unthrowning of Diablo . Many games have bugs at release , remember all those Diablo patches . Anyway , the developers have already put out 2 patches since release , which is quite impressive . And the bugs did n't really affect me anyway .
 Like the previous reviewer says it has a lot of bugs but if you get the patch at the sacred site online it 'll be one of the best games you ever play . Once got the patch and ran it I had no problems whatsoever .
 Everyone says its buggy but i 've played it for a few days straight :--RRB- and i 've had one bug , but i downloaded the newest patch and it has ran just fine for the longest time . not only that but i only have a 2 ghz comp , 64 mb video card . it runs just fine . my advice is just get the newest patch from the sacred official website.the game is great though . the world is absolutely huge and i love games that allow free movement over the land . in diablo you had to go from quest to quest through one path . this you can go explore the world before you even get half way through the main quest . if you liked morrowind you 'll also like this . the graphics are n't as 3d but this is a big , fun game .
 I 'm relatively new to gaming , but this gaming experience is definitely superior to Baldur 's Gate and Diablo 2 . The beautiful graphics and ability to zoom in and out are amazing . Character appearance actually reflects the different styles of armor/weapons with which they 're equipped . Great sounds and music.I powered through the game with a Wood Elf and have started with a Vampiress -LRB- lots of replay value to this game -RRB- . Character leveling is smooth and predictable . Once you learn how to `` run '' your character , battles are pretty straightforward . Controls are easy to learn.Maybe not `` true '' to hard core RPG rules , but I really enjoyed the quick save option , large capacity backpack and storage chest , and no penalties for resurrection when you `` die . '' I also liked the compass system which helps you locate your objectives and eliminates any need for walkthroughs . Much variety and many quest options.Game is very demanding of computer hardware , so I had occassional problems with freezing and rebooting that were resolved when I updated my Radeon drivers.Highly addictive and fun to play !
 So far i have only played the demo version of this game . It is not as addictive as Diablo 2 LOD but the graphics make up for that . I think that Encore has a lot of work to do on fixing those bugs though . There are lots of places for improvement . For example i called my horse and my characted disappeared until my character mounted it . That kinda freaked me out . I hope that Encore polished the rough egdes of this game a bit , and it might just be as smooth as Diablo 2 and Ultima Online . ; -RRB-
 The people that actually play the game dont care if your computer doesnt play the game . if u cant play it then its your computer cause mine isnt top notch but good enough and i can play it no problem with no gliches or anything.otherwise i have polayed it through and it is a great game . a pure hack n slash and just like diablo 2 cept bnet way better . if you like d2 then you will like this cause it is awesome gameplay and lots of fun to play . i only borrowed it and the day i returned it i bought it . its awsome and buy it .
 My son likes to play these kind of games . Great item , you ca n't hardly ever find these games in stores anymore for this system .
 Mortal Kombat is one of the all-time great video games ... and this version upholds the high standard !
 The Graphics for this game are simply amazing even though it was made in 2002 . The game play is fun especially the arcade mode . The Kontent area is awesome for you get to see the music video , the make of MKDA and the history of mortal kombat . Not to mention all the concept art and character bios . If you are into fighting games and Mortal Kombat is a series you love , then this is a great game to get .
 Mortal Kombat
 I love mortal kombat because it 's a good way to unwind after a hard day , however , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR SMALL CHILDREN < OR EVEN PRE-TEEN . It is VERY bloody and VERY gruesome . The Nintendo 64 MK was a lot better -- far better moves and better looking people . The people on this MK are very ugly and not very colorful . The sets that you fight on are n't even that great.Overall I 'd say this : Pros : If you liked MK you will like this version because it 's similar in the fightingCons : Not very colorful , too easy , and the characters do n't have the best of moves .
 This game is very exciting and well worth any price tag . I think it 's safe to say that it is the greatest mortal kombat to date !!
 I have played every MK game for almost every system since the original Mortal Kombat game for the Sega Genesis . I can honestly say this is the BEST MK game made so far . That said , I still feel that Soul Calibur and SC2 are better fighting games than MK
 When I first rented this game i was so amazed at the intense graphics and visual affects . The title has everything to do with the plot of the whole game . The controls at first are kinda hard to get used to , it feels like it your so bulky but you get used to it after a couple of fights . The diffent modes are cool and the fact that your must buy i guess what you could call `` extras '' with koins that you must earn in the konqest mode and or arcade mode . Anyway , if you like gore and fighting this game is a definit must buy .
 This is way better than any fighting game ever made and even better than Tekken . In tekken you do n't have much weapons , though yoshimitsu has a cool sword but you need to press multi buttons to work one move off it , and thats boring . Soul Calibur2 might be better but i do n't think so since it only has weapons . MK : DA rules all fighting games . And by the way MK : DA has won the Gamepro Award for the best fighting game of 2002 .
 I own all of the mk games ever made and they are still fun but this one is the best yet !!! it has awsome fatalites , great graphics , and more than one fighting style !!! it also has the new `` konquest '' mode where u can learn all about all of the characters and earn coins to buy stuff in the `` krypt '' !!! even if u hate mk u should sill get this !!!
 i hav played most other MKs at arcades ... andI have to say ... this is the best one ever !! it used to be fighting through bad poorly layed out battles with a crap fighting system ... just to get to the fatality ... let me just say right off the bat , the fatalities in this game are the worst ever . . the level and pit fatalities have dissapeard leaving me with only one fatality per character ... bummer . putting that behind everything is different in this MK ... the fighting system is one of the best iv ever seen ... and you can switch between 2 fighting styles and a weapon style in the middle of a match ... some peple can impale with their weapons ... which is very fun knowwing that the enemy cant do much about the pain ... it just keeps dropping ... the krypt is a great idea ... with more than 600 unlockables with koins youve gathered through mathces , you can unlock almost anything from characters to a pack of 32 adult diapers ... and the konquest is another brilliant idea in which you can learn the basic move andthe very complex `` style-switching '' combos whch provide a good deal of frustration to get through sometimes -LRB- like raiden for example ... 10 button combo ? -RRB- but in the end its rewarding with over 200 different missions in total ... there are only 2 flaws id like to point out1 -RRB- fatalities - if youve liked the other MKs for fatalitys and nothing else , this game is not for u. . . the fatalities just SUCK !!! 2 -RRB- moloch - nerly impossible to beat , cant freeze him , cant impale , cant do a move that isnt a physical attack ... the only way to beat him is to do some really short combos over and over and over again . . putting those 2 things aside this game will keep you entertained for hours to come ... so go buy it ... NOW ... RUN ... GO !!!
 best mortal kombat because every fighter has their own unique fighitin styles so that allows for a more wider level for fun cause you cant repeat same combos and hits also it has beatiful graphics and more realistic blood shed and dripping the only down side that this game has is that you need a memory card to enter the krypt ext. overall this game is sweet !!!!
 Mortal Kombat is great . I got it two days ago it has great graphics . It is hard but that makes it so you want to play more . The new Konquest is cool . It helps you learn the moves plus you get money . If you have Xbox this is a defefent got a have .
 Midway has really outdone themselves with this beautifully-designed fighter.The graphics have been beefed up , and it shows ! The fighters and arenas are beautifully rendered at 60 frames per second . Even though the graphics are outstanding , the biggest improvement is in the fighting engine . Gone are the silly finishers and outlandish combos . This time around , each fighter has three martial arts fighting stances to master , one of which includes the use of a specific weapon . Together they can be used to unleash brutal combos that will leave your opponents bruised and bleeding , literally!After pummeling your opponents , players can use coins they collect during battle to unlock hidden fighters , arenas , production sketches , and a slew of other MK-related items.Other features of this game include
 Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance -LRB- MKDA -RRB- is an over the top fighting game . So much more than the Mortal Kombat you know and love . Each fighter is equipped with three killer fighting styles , you can test your might -LRB- or sight -RRB- in between every 5 battles , which is cool . There are some good , okay & decidably lame fatalites . That 's all good because if your playing MKDA just for the fatalites your playing for the wrong reasons . While the gameplay differs from MK 's original formula there is alot here for the original formula fans and those that may have grown tired of it . I 've been playing MK for over half a decade and I was n't prepared for MK to become so much more advanced than ever before . The blood goes to extremes even beyond previous MK games . Blood aside we also get vomit and brain exsposure -LRB- YUM YUM -RRB- . I found it odd that I spent something like 208 in currancy on a new fighter , but some lame picture of one of the crew members -LRB- one of the games creators -RRB- was like twice as much . Well this was one of the only fighters that was less than 2000 in currancy . I 've unlocked all of the fighters which makes a total of 21 , with 2 more hiding somewhere beyond the Krypt . However , I was excited to complete my character select screen . As for Liu Kang . . if your amongst the few that were sad to see his neck break , stop sweating it . He 'll be resurrected by MK6 . DEADLY ALLIANCE IS A GREAT GAME FOR OLD AND NEW FANS OF THE POPULAR SERIES .
 Its about time they came up with another MK game , this one is going to RULE ! With the three fighting techniques and old and new characters MAN it ca n't get any better than this . What i '' m looking foward to is the new FATALITYS and the beautifully done graphics , especially how the fighter 's clothes can be ripped , they get bruised , bloody , and drip sweat ! THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT FIGHTER !
 By the far the best ever , even as I own every Mortal Kombat game for every system and every Arcade , it still beholds the best .
 Many reviews I have read have all rated MKD highly . I do n't understand why . I can only comment on the GC version and I 'm going to compare it to Soul Calibur on Dreamcast . I think it 's a fair comparison because SC sets a good benchmark for all 3D fighting games.Character graphicsNot brilliant . The movements are smooth enough but the details are very grainy and far inferior to SC character rendering .5 / 10BackdropsVery very bland . SC offered a variety of backdrops which feature highly detailed and beautifully coloured scenery . MKD offers comparatively barren backdrops which are boring and graphically ill-defined .2 / 10SoundsGame music in MKD is boring and monotonous . SC offered much greater variety and vastly different scores for each fight arena . Character sounds are bog standard grunts whilst SC offered actual Japanese speech . Weapon clash sounds are inferior to SC .3 / 10GameplayApart from the usual arcade mode , MKD tries to mimic SC by offering a Konquest mode . Basically , the game `` trains '' you in each player and the idea is to win as many koins as possible to spend in the Krypt -LRB- where you buy secret characters , arenas , picture cards , hints etc -RRB- . This is similar to SC 's missions but not as interesting as each character 's konquest follows the same route . Some of the tasks set in Konquest are also very pointless and , whilst offering inane pleasure to the teenager , does very little to a normal adult . Examples include hitting an opponent until he/she bleeds 50 pints of blood and sticking your weapon into your opponent 's body.The fighting itself once again tries to mimick SC 's 3D environment but falls short . Characters can move around the arena like in SC but the ` camera action ' is not as good .4 / 10WeaponsNothing to bark about here .5 / 10ControlsApart from being able to configure the buttons , you 're stuck with using the directional pad . The small joystick is not functional . At least they could 've given players the option to use either .5 / 10ExtrasThis feature offers picture cards , hints , videos , alternate costumes for some characters amongst other things . The picture cards are far inferior to the galleries offered in SC . Once unlocking the secret characters , I felt very little urge to unlock anything else .3 / 10OverallI almost bought this game when it first came out . Thank God I waited until the price dropped . The `` variety '' in each character 's fighting styles is a bit of a con because the basic principle is the same for each character -LRB- high and low attacks , variations on special attacks , 1 fatality per character , combos -RRB- . Each character is not as unique as one would think .4 / 10
 This is easily the great mortal kombat game ever . Very violent and bloody . The story is great too . But I have 1 problem with this game . That is that you need a memory card to do most of the fun stuff . See I just got a gamecube . And I rented this because of all of the positive reviews its been getting . But you need a profile in the game . And to get a profile you need to get a memory card . And memory cards cost money . And money I dont have . WHEW ! Anyway if you have a memory card . Get this game . But if you dont buy one before you get this . **** 1/2 .
 I ca n't wait to get the game on gamecube I have MORTAL KOMBAT TRILIGY on nintendo64 I hope MORTAL KOMBAT Deadly Alliance is as good as MORTAL KOMBAT TRILIGY .
 I almost lost faith in the MK series since MK4 and that disgustingly horrible MK Advance plus I did n't like 3 much either . Now we get an MK that is the best since the god of fighting games Mortal Kombat 2 . THe graphics are great , the cube is able to have special features , and no Shao Kahn . I was getting sick of Kahn right after MK2 , now he 's dead Ahhha ! For those who say Moloch is the hardest since Kintaro , forget it , he 's really easy . I 'll tell how to beat him since I 'm nice to you all . Choose Kano , when the fight begins just repeatedly dropkick him till he falls . That 's it , he wo n't fight back . Overall the goods are awesome like the Adema video and the MK history -LRB- that 's the best part seeing all the old games again -RRB- . Overall this is one fighting game that you should pick up .
 Mortal Kombat is a franchise that has definitely had its ups and downs . MK , MK2 , and MK4 in my opinion were all brilliant . The series had some hiccups in MK3 which were further aggravated by UMK3 , and then the series really hit rock bottom in the `` adventure '' games . Deadly Alliance definitely brings the game back to a high standard level . The graphics are incredible , sound is dead-on , and the gameplay is quite good . I think there is a good balance of advanced fighting techniques and the accessibility which was a trademark for MK . So why did n't I give this game 5 stars ? There are a few serious flaws here . 1 -RRB- Moloch is one of the worst boss characters ever devised . This is shocking to me after brilliant bosses like Goro , Kintaro , Motaro , Khan , and even Shang Tsung . He is ridiculously hard and once again the only way to beat him is with repetitive kicks or one special move . Shang Tsung as the last boss without any morphing is rather dull too . 2 -RRB- The whole Krypt idea was a bad idea . I could n't believe it when I booted up the game and Raiden has to be unlocked ?! Whose hair brained idea was that ? The fact that I need 3000 green coins to do it is really depressing , especially since the 1 player game is really , really hard with the computer pulling off insane combos and blocking every move you make -LRB- Mortal Kombat Trilogy anyone ? -RRB- . The real kicker is I hear Raiden 's flying torpedo move is gone ... sad . The bottom line ... an overall technically well done fighting game with some unfortunately bad ideas on the 1 player side of the house .
 I was quite surprised at the quality of Midway 's latest fighter . No longer are the days when the only hope of Mortal Kombat being waiting thru some cheap , lifeless match to get to the fatalities . In fact , the fatalities in this game are some of the lamest ever , yet it is still the best Mortal Kombat.The gameplay has been tweaked a whole bunch . Each fighter has two martial art fighting styles -LRB- almost ever martial art there exists is represented -RRB- , then another weapon style . Some of the styles are better than others , but the weapons sure do come in handy if you want an easy winThe characters themselves are okay , but the rest of the graphics are great . Now , when you drop blood on the ground , It stays on the ground . Walk through it , and you leave a little path of blood footprints . And during the match , the fighters faces show bruises , and gashes and all that other fun stuff.However , the most fun thing of all is taking your weapon , impaling your opponent , and watching them bleed to death.Then the fatalities . One per charachter , no pits , or any of the other - alities that were in the past games . The fatalities that they do have are quite boring . Neck stretch , to knock off your opponent 's head , nothing we 've never seen before . Also , the `` Goro '' of this game Moloch is super cheap . Although this is nothing new to a Mortal Kombat game , it still very frustrating trying to beat him.There are only twelve fighters to start . You unlock others by collecting coins , and going to the Krypt to unlock them . It 's a good idea , but tedious . Especially since there are 11 other fighters , but 676 Koffins .
 It is fabulous . The grafic is wonderful and the character 's moves , like reality ! Its super cool , u get to unlock characters and even costumes . The characters are like real people , and we can even choose -LRB- in the settings -RRB- wether the characters can bleed or not . The fatalities are all nice . But i do n't reccomend it to small kids , though . not only bevause of the violence , but the costumes as well -LRB- im referring to the woman 's costume -RRB- Its too much exposure , It does show a little to much exposure ! This game is not good for the child 's mind .
 Deadly Alliance is by far the best Mortal Kombat of them all . The graphics of the game are simply spectacular ! The story is extremely cool ! I was so happy to be rid of Liu Kang and Shao Kahn . The fighting system is unique and put together well . Each character gets two fighting styles and a weapon style to fight with and no character has the same styles as another . A new feature that is cool is while you 're beating the heck out of eachother , bruises and cuts will appear on the fighter 's bodies . There can be some excessive bleeding at times which i found to be a little far fetched . The greatest thing of MKDA is that there is mucho replay value in this game . You can unlock over 600 things -LRB- hidden characters , arenas , ect . -RRB- with koins that you recieve after attaining a victory over an opponent . You only recieve a maximum of 50 to 500 per match and the Koffins that you can open are quite expensive.The only downsides of MKDA are 1 -RRB- the fatalities . I was so disapointed with them because they are just too lame . The fatalities in MK1 were better than MKDA . They also took away Sub-Zero 's head rip fatality . What 's up with that ! 2 -RRB- The combos for each character are too difficult and frustrating to remember . It could be the gamecube controller . i do n't know how it works on the other consoles . 3 -RRB- you ca n't use the analog stick on the Gamecube controller which is used for 99 % of all other games on GC . and 4 -RRB- The moloch character is the biggest cheap ... ever . The only way to beat this cheater is to cheat even more.Besides these flaws Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance is definitely worth the cash to buy .
 This game is one that is hard for me to review , and one of the biggest reasons why that is , is that I did n't play it on the initial release . I , like many people of my generation , grew up on the original trilogy , and like many of them , the third , along with its many reissues , with the fourth instalment being an utter abortion with plenty of tie in games and horrible pg-13 movie adaptation , to there even being a sub zero clone on WCW , and the live show tours , the franchise had pretty much lost any appeal to me by the time that this game came along . i did n't think to purchase it , so kept hearing good things from friends about the new trillogy , starting with this one and going through deception and armegedon . I wo n't get into the newer versions to include DC and the present incarnation , but I can tell you that the new Mortal Kombat online trailer gives me chills at the possibilities of where this franchise could go because the possiblity is definately there . This game took a lot of necisary steps in the right direction , because though Mortal Kombat was never really known for having a great fighting system , and was labeled in some circles as having a fighting game built around the ability to inact the fatalities , it had always been functional , and the later ones seemed like they were tailor made for gamers to memorize long combos or just unresponsive in 4 . This changed into a three style fighting system that works well , but does not retain the traditional feel . This is definately a new franchise , which I am completely fine with , it is going out to be its own thing . I can appreciate that especially when I look at it from the point of view that it still manages a 2-D feel while being a functional 3-D game . Like many others I will complain about the lack of fatalities and of how well they are exicuted . This would get corrected in later instalments , which I played before this one . Is it worth the purchase if you already own Deception or Armegeddon . I would definately buy Deception first . The only real reason to get this game which offers less overall would be in that not offering all the characters and move options , you have to work with what you have that can change the dynamic of the game , which I do enjoy to some degree . The storyline in Deception also stems from this one , though is much better executed in Deception , while here it is merely a cut scene in the beginning that tries its best to use memorable characters that fans have grown to love , and make some sense of the jumble that came before , as there seemed to be so many loop holes in the outer world trying to destroy earth that it seemed as if Outworld government was like George Bush and earth was an oil rich country that was going to get invaded no matter what it did , they would find an excuse . The big event that happens is long time favorite lu kang dies , which of course symbolizes a changing of the guard . If this game is cheap , or you are a completionist , its still a good game , but not a classic and definately shows its age .
 Deadly alliance is the fifth fighting MK.ProsKonquest , the tutorial mode is somewhat awkward and bothersome and at times difficult.Buying in the Krypt is fun for a while.Most of the returning characters.Three disciplines for each character , one of them is weapon based.Fairly easy for beginners.IMHO Kenshi is probably the best new MK character since MK2 . Li Mei , Nitara and Frost are just OK.ConsThe graphics are unimpressive.The multi kurrency gets annoying really fast.Some kombos are really complicated , nearly impractical unless you have the time and willingness to master themMulti-Discipline Kombos , IMHO these are the worts kind of kombos , mainly because I find the L and R button unsuitable for a fighting gameI do n't believe that the GameCube control was designed thinking about fighting games . But this is no failure of MK itself.Bo ' Rai Cho , Mavado , Drahmin and Hsu Hao are probably the worst new characters ever . Mokap is just a bad idea.This game does n't include some popular characters like Liu Kang , Jade , Mileena and Baraka.No online play.New charactersBlazeBo ' Rai ChoDrahminFrostHsu HaoKenshiLi MeiMavadoMokapMolochNitaraReturning charactersCyraxJax BriggsJohnny CageKanoKitanaKung LaoQuan ChiRaidenReptileScorpionShang TsungSonya BladeSub-ZeroOK , maybe this game is already too dated ; maybe you should already consider buying MK Armageddon instead , if you have a PS2.IMHO , if you have a GameCube and you like fighting games , I 'd recommend Soul Calibur 2 .
 This is definitely the best Mortal Kombat game i have ever played ! The graphics are great , the fatalities are good , and to top it all off , each character has 3 fighting styles , icluding an awesome weapon . The graphics in this game are the bloodiest you have ever seen . When you hurt someone , the blood stays on the ground . There are even cuts and bruises on the fighters . This is the most realistic fighting game i have ever seen . I would definitely give it a 10 out of 10 . There is even a `` Krypt '' where you can but levels , characters , and even MK art ! Get this game if you like Mortal Kombat games . It is the best one in the set . If you like Tekken , you will love this even more !
 This Mortal Kombat is definitly the best one of all . . Some advantages of the game ; the ability to switch fighting styles is great ! Every character has a weapon and some can even leave their weapon in their opponents body . The addition of `` battle wounds '' , the cuts and bruises that remain after a beating and the more realistic blood are both great additions . The arenas and characters are far superior to past games not only in conception but also originality . The addition of a vast array of female characters is great too . Li Mei , Kitana , Frost , Nitara and Sonya are all great characters to fight with . Being a woman myself , I hate it when the female characters in fighting games are noticeably weaker than the males . The women in this game are just as tough , both to master and play against . The concept of earning koins and buying characters costumes and more adds immensely to the enjoyment of the game especially if you are playing alone . The Konquest mode is my favorite because the game actually teaches you your chosen character 's moves . No button mashing needed . The game does have drawbacks , among them the fact that you can not use the analog control stick on the GameCube controller ; you have to use the control pad . This makes it difficult to switch between games . Also , the Moloch character is much to difficult to play against . Luckily there are other modes to play or else I would have quit the game by now . Overall , I love this game ! It 's my favorite game on my GameCube so far and after a month , I 'm still having fun with it !
 I Have played everygame created for Mortal Kombat . -LRB- MK1 Mk2 MK3 ect . -RRB- BUT this one takes the cake.I mean you get 9 characters and 9 hidden ones.Playable Chararters-Quan Chi , Shang Sung , Subzero , Bo Rai ChoKenshi , KUng Lao , Plus MoreHIdden CHaracters-Frost , CYrax , Hsu Hao , Drahim , Ect.And not to mention the levels.I rented this game but I am diffently buying it.This would make the best christmas present Ever . <
 THE FIRST TIME I EVER PLAYED THIS GAME , I WAS AMAZED BY THE STUNNING GRAPHICS LITTLE SEEN REALISM IN THIS GAME ! MKDA HAS AWSOME VALUE ! THERE ARE HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF UNLOCKABLES IN HERE ! THE ONLY BAD THING BAD ABOUT THIS GAME IS THAT THERE IS NO LIU KANG . I HOPE HE COMES BACK IN THE NEXT ONE .
 Mortal Kombat
 Exactly what I needed . Order was right the first time . Just find the fatality codes online and your ready .
 Mortal Kombat has always been awesome . This game is the best so far . MKDA is absolutley one of the coolest fighters around . The unique combos , the awesome , brutal , crazy fatalities , the unlockables . It really is a cool game . If you like blood and gore , Mortal Kombat
 I was a big fan of the Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat games in the early 90 's , and even though I thought Mortal Kombat had cooler characters and graphics , I preferred the depth of gameplay of the Street Fighter series . In the Mortal Kombat games , everyone had the same punches and kicks , and often it was a matter of using the special moves more than anything else . With the Street Fighter games , every character -LRB- with the exception of Ken and Ryu -RRB- had unique moves -- different punches and kicks , and more possibilities.Mortal Kombat
 This Game is awesome . I 've always loved imaginative fake-world games snd in this all the characters are out of this galaxy . I will admit that there was some unesescary gore and blood but you can turn it off on the options menu wich will than make perfectly clean and blood free . Oh and just so you know , I loved this game .
 This game is everything you could ask of a Mortal Kombat Game , blood , gore , and more blood . The greatest thing about this game is the fighting style system . Each fighter has 2 fighting styles and a weapon fighting style -LRB- except Blaze & Mokap -RRB- , and combos can branch styles . Also new Characters such a a drunken master Bo'Rai Cho -LRB- boracho
 Deadly Alliance is more than an MK fan could ever hope for . Three ... fighting styles , power ups , earnable currancy -LRB- $ $ -RRB- for buying things and unlocking fighters . Great new fighters like Bo ' Rai Chi , Li mei , Mavado & Kenshi . + classic ones like Sub-zero , Kano , Scorpion & Quan Chi . There is alot more to do with this Mortal Kombat than just arcade style fighting . Try the never ending ` Konquest ' it 's an excellent way to learn moves and fighting techniques . The MK formula is differant here than with previous MK games . However , there is something here for both die-hard fans of the original formula and those that may have become burned out on it .
 I think it is a really fun game to play . I play it all the time . Each time you have to go pick someone up or drop them off at a certian place . Its very confusing at first but once you start to know the route it becomes a lot of fun .
 This is a really fun game ! It is so cool to play , with the trivia , and unlocking cool music sounds and different cars ! I was a little hard at first , then I got used to it ! There are different chapters in the adventure , and you have a time limit and that all that cool stuff . It feels like you are really in the car , driving it to wherever . when I get frustrated , I try it over and over again . You have to get a B or an A to pass on to the next level , maybe a C , too . But if you get and F , you have failed the mission ! This is such a cool game and I love it !
 This game mixes what every girl wants
 This is so awesome ! You get to do different things for other people ! You can get tickets for going the wrong way and hitting someone ! I LOVE THIS GAME ! It Is Really Really Cool !
 This game is challenging . You have to watch for cars in front of you . I have to play a level 50 times in order to go on . I 'm a challenging girl , so buy it . It 's fun !
 This game was fun and challenging and getting your liscense to hit the road let smooth driving begin . The mini games were n't as fun but i enjoyed evreything about it . I 'd say rent this game before you buy it , it may not be evreything you hoped for.But do n't take my word for it .
 This game is the best ! The only hard part about it is the cars but once you get used to it you 'll get it .
 this game is so awsome for people that love marykate and ashley and love to play games thats my review
 I love mk and ash A LOT so when I saw this game I asked my mom for it.She said yes -LRB- because she loves mk and ash too -RRB- , so we clicked on the one-click shipping button thingy , when I received it I JUST could n't put it down !
 Now you can take the girls on the road with you ... again ! Except this time , they 're on the road anyway , get it ? Hahahah ... okay , not funny . Anyway , they `` Got A Clue '' , then they joined the `` Winners Circle '' and now this ! Did I miss anything ? Well , sorry , but I do n't follow these games . What Acclaim SHOULD do is make an action game based on their Saturday Morning Cartoon .
 This game looks really cool . I heard that in the game you experience events on jetskiing , do something about fashion , rock climbing , surfing , and ATV racing . Along the way you earn party points which can be used to upgrade thier dream birthday present
 I love mka so I decided why not get a game ? So I did and I imeditly loved it ! I played it everywhere !!! In the car , in my room , at soccer games , everywhere ! This game is sooo addicting . It is NOT a waste of time or money . You will be playing it 24.7 !
 I have this game and I love it the only problem is that there is no Rock Climbing , No mini Golfing , no triva , and no drivers test like people say . I still love this game no matter what because you still have to do all the tasks and you have to get a good grade . You also have to watch out for cars . I really like this game .
 My daughter got this for Chrstmas -LRB- age 11 -RRB- and she loves it ! `` I think this is going to teach me how to drive ! '' she said . I do n't know about that but she laughs alot when she 's playing it .
 This game is so much fun you 'd want to play it all day . ... . I like the delivery game the most . My friend even likes the game . I think that children everywhere would like this game .
 It has groovy tunes , the best stars -LRB- Marykate and Ashley -RRB- and you definetly have to buy this toy ! Once you play it will never want to stop ! If you want something totally sweet this is it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Grandia 2 for the Sega Dreamcast was one of the best RPG games in recent years . So , it was without question that this title would be on my ` must-buy ' list when I read about its release . I figured it would be at least as good as G2 , and hopefully better , with the PS2 's DVD storage capacity . Well , after playing for nearly 120 hours -LRB- longer than I have spent on any other game -RRB- , I 'm still not sure whether to reccommend this game.Part of me is dissappointed , very dissappointed in the RPG aspects of this game . There is little , if any , storyline , and the characters are just typical anime kid stuff . The storyline in G2 was amazing . The scope of that game rivals any Final Fantasy game , yet the game itself was too easy . In Xtreme , the game is much harder , but the story is soo bad , they could have left it out entirely , and had a more interesting game.So , what makes one put in 120 hours -LRB- and counting -RRB- into a game that is so uninteresting ? The gameplay . The game 's battle system is the best I 've ever played . I 've never been a fan of dungeon-exploring , 1st person style adventure games , but this game is different . The action moves along so smoothly , and the games system of levelling up is ingenious . You can complete each stage as often as you want , each time with tougher enemies , and build your characters stats to unbelievable levels . And yes , the bosses can be fought more than once as well . And when you think you 've actually beaten the game , think again . All the dungeons gain a HUGE increase in difficulty and a new 100-level dungeon appears.Overall , if you are looking for a fun game , that you will enjoy playing for weeks , I ca n't reccommend Grandia Xtreme enough . Just try to ignore the bad voice acting , and weak storyline , ok ?
 Yes , the Grandia serie finally gets an original title for the PS2 , no the story is not as good as the first two , yes the battle system is still amazing , yes the characters are still memorable , and yes this is still a good RPG.The battle system is still the same amazing battle system that caught our eye in the first two Grandia games and believe it or not it can still be tweaked with to make it better ! Now characters can combine moves together to perform double , triple or even Quadruple techniques!The magic and such is more of a crossover between the two Grandia games . There are a total of about 72 spells total and that means more than in the second Grandia game -LRB- but STILL less spells than the first -RRB- . The game is packed with over 100 enemies ! Almost 100 dungeons , and still memorable characters.Probably my only two major gripes with the game were that the storyline was n't as good as the first two Grandia games , and it did n't seem like there was as much thought put into it becaue the storyline eventually got predictable and there were n't as many plot twist as the first two -LRB- and for Grandia when I say plot twist I really mean Jaw Droppers -RRB- . And that there was only one place you could save but I did n't really have a problem with that since you can go back there in literally a second and go back to where you were in the same amount of time.The dungeons present some complex puzzles and you actually have to think a little more than usual . This brings out some fun factor for those who like to solve puzzles.Navigating dungeons is much easier than in previous Grandia games . Now , instead of following a compass -LRB- did that bother anyone else when they were in towns besides me ? -RRB- you have a map much like in FFX that will tell you where enemy parties are ! This is a great RPG . Also , again , unlike Final Fantasy I was happy that the game is so much more focused on the Characters involved in the story whether than the world around them . What I mean , they really fight for what they believe in , and they do n't always need someone to say `` you 'll die too if you do n't save this world . '' meaning they do n't always need motivation like most other characters in RPGs.I also liked how you could combine eggs to make different ones for using magic ! And what helps character developement is that they really do stick to whether they are made for magic or attacking . What I mean is certain characters can only equip a certain amount of Magic or Mana eggs at a time.Also , there are skill books that have different abilites for characters . And as with the Mana eggs depending on whether they 're made for magic or not , so like Mana Eggs Characters can equip a certain number.The other problem that I had with this guide is that While I like the fact that the difficulty is better , I also did n't like the fact that they were n't enough boss battles.OVERALL
 In the last decade , video games have taken a very different formula from the roots . In the days before consoles , it did n't matter what the story of a game was . All that mattered was the gameplay . Why PacMan is running away from ghosts and eating power pellets is all but ignored . Then one day , someone introduced a magic element called plot , which could be used to cover up bad gameplay , and suddenly a hundred game companies eschewed forth clumsily-made games in the name of ` plot ' , to the point that gameplay has been all but ignored.Then along comes a game like Grandia Xtreme , a pure dungeon-crawler and battle-oriented RPG which is moved along by a very basic , simple , and predictable storyline involving an army operation to end the `` Elemental Disorder '' which has been causing chaos on the planet only to find , as you might predict , there is a much darker scheme behind the army 's intent . To most who have become accustomed to the ` Final Fantasy standard ' -LRB- it does n't matter if the game is fun , as long as the story is good -RRB- , Grandia Xtreme is a fun , but mediocre game . However , to those who have been fans of RPGs for a long time and are looking for a more modern version of what they grew up with , this is it.Several changes have been made in the fool-proof Grandia formula . Grandia Xtreme features only one true town , that being Locca , the base of operations for Evann -LRB- the main character -RRB- and party . Evann travels to different ruins through the use of a world map and links called `` Geo-Gates '' , which differ from save points in that they transport Evann to and from Locca -LRB- where he is able to save , sell and buy items , etc. -RRB- . Within each ruin is a multi-leveled labyrinth filled with monsters , traps , puzzles , hidden doors , and secret items . Each dungeon is meticulously designed and executed , promoting hours of exploration as well as sight-seeing . Also , dungeons not only respawn monsters , but items as well once they are beaten , allowing Evann to revisit each ruin to find new items . Another new element of dungeon-crawling involves the use of a ready stance , which Evann can use to reduce the chance of being attacked preemptively.The battle system has n't changed much , using the same real-time/turn-based system in the previous Grandia titles . The only noticeable differences are that the monsters in each dungeon level up with Evann , keeping the game difficult , and SP recharges as the battle goes on at a very fast pace , allowing for multiple special attacks within any single battle . Characters now have joint special attacks , where two , three , or even four characters can perform one special attack using their combined power , allowing for dozens of different special attacks any one character can use.The mana and skills system , on the other hand , has changed quite a lot . Mana eggs are still used , but instead of learning new spells as the character uses them , new spells are created by joining mana eggs together , called `` junctioning '' . Also of note is that MP is not based on the character , but on the egg itself , and the more times an egg is junctioned , the more MP and the more powerful the spells it will contain . The skills system utilizes papers found in the dungeons which are turned into skills by the Skillmaster in Locca . Those skill pages are then placed in different skill books , which are equipped on characters just as mana eggs are . To balance out magic-casting and skill use , characters can equip several mana eggs and skill books , but only a total of 6 , and each character has a predetermined number of each they can equip -LRB- one may have 4 mana eggs and 2 skill books , another may have 4 books and 2 eggs -RRB- . Musically , Grandia Xtreme stands up along with its predecessors as a gorgeous masterpiece by Iwadare , who never seems to lose his touch . Many of the songs are very similar in style to those of Grandia II , while a few have a new Latin styling which simply adds to their beauty . Also included are neat little melodies called ` sound bytes ' which can be found by revisiting ruins , as well as remastered versions of battle themes from previous Grandia titles , available upon beating the game . The rest of the sound except for sword clangs will have you gritting your teeth . The voice acting is pretty bad , especially in comparison to Grandia II -LRB- and even Grandia -RRB- , but possible to stomach , especially Lisa Loeb who is perhaps the best voice actress in the game . Several battles are overshadowed by the sounds of things flying , which gets very annoying after a while . Overall , the sound is okay , but the English dialog could have improved greatly.And finally , we come to graphics . Grandia Xtreme is graphically superior to the Dreamcast version of Grandia II in one sense -- the character models have mouths . Other than that , the game has pretty much the same graphical charge as the previous title . However , the expansive labyrinthine ruins are breathtakingly gorgeous with plenty of neat lighting effects to emphasize them . Luckily , Grandia Xtreme features none of the graphical glitches that were the bane of Grandia II 's PS2 port.Overall , Grandia Xtreme is a definite must-have if you are a fan of the series or dungeon-crawlers in general . It has all the gameplay that appealed in previous games , and more added on . It even has a second quest that becomes available upon beating the game . If you 're not a fan of the Grandia series , you 're better off picking up Grandia II and giving it a whirl .
 I 've been well awaiting the arrival of this game . Now that it is in my possesion I must say that I 'm truely satisfied . If you liked the fighting from Grandia II , you 'll be pleased at the the improved battle system . -LCB- Took me a lil while 2 figure it out but now that I understand everything , I must say they did improve it -RCB- Ah , but you must give to recieve . In this case , you give up a deep story for a better battle system . The story -LCB- though enjoyable -RCB- is pretty simple . Theres also not much moving around . There 's 2 towns . Only one of any real use . The rest of the time you 're going through dungeons . All said and done , the game is truely fun . It met my expectations since I was n't expecting 2 much of a story . If you 're a fan of Grandia and loves to fight and level up , this is for you . If want to a deep story you should wait for Grandia III .
 I have to say , I could n't wait to get this game , since I loved Grandia 2 . But the story and the depth of the area in which the game takes place , almost kills the game . Its pretty disapointing since in grandia 2 you could travel all over the place , while the story line was linear -LRB- such is grandia xtreme , to an extent -RRB- , it was still fun.The battle system is incredible , the game itself is fun to play , but after a while you feel like your just jumping from one dungeon to another with a story that does n't build up to much . The voice acting is both horrible and good at the same time , it sounds on some character that they are just reading lines , like you would if you saw it , in other words no emotions into the characters leaves them bland and unlikeable.The mana and skills system is a little annoying since you have to go into town to get them developed , leaving you with 5-10 skills in your inventory when you could just put items there , making you wish you could find the geo-stream and return home quickly as possible.But in conclusion , the game is enjoyable , like I said , it takes a while to get used to it , and as long as you play it to see what happens next , it keeps your mind off the flaws . which is why it got 4 stars .
 First , the bad news . The story of this game is almsot nonexistent , and what is there is pretty dull the characters are all utterly one-dimensional . That 's a huge disappointment , considering how strong the previous Grandia games were in those areas . Also , the voice acting is hilariously bad.However , the combat is a lot of fun , and all the different stuff you can do to improve your characters is pretty addictive . It definitely falls short of previous Grandia games , but it kept me playing anyway .
 This game plays like an x-rated film ; flimsy plot , but you wo n't care cause the actions great.This has possilbe the best fighting controls I 've seen , lots of moves , very configureable characters.One thing - you start with a whole bunch of characters right at the beginning ; I found it best after replaying to pick four well-balanced members and stick with them -LRB- be sure to balance out the magic/fighting ... -RRB- trying to develop everyone -LRB- I did that the first time -RRB- left ALL characters kind of behind.The mana egg development system is cool - no more casting spells just to build levels - spells are ` developed by crossing various mana eggs into more powerful eggs . Characters have personal skills that can be developed only by practise.there are only a handful of bosses , but you can fight them over again as you like . They 're refreshingly difficult - defeating them is an accomplishment!Enjoy !
 Grandia Xtreme is indeed the black sheep of Grandia , but more so in the sense that people tend to slag it more than the others.So basically , the game starts . You go through one dungeon -LRB- ruin -RRB- , then 3 more , before Boost # 1 , where the previous dungeons get an increase in difficulty to match the dungeons that you 're about to face . Of course , this means that if you fall behind , you can be easily overwhelmed . By Boost # 2 , which occurs after you beat a 30 level make-a-dungeon -LRB- a dungeon with randomized floors -RRB- with 3 dungeons in it , you learn the importance of grinding . Boost # 3 comes after you beat the game , and then a 100 level make-a-dungeon appears , which holds many , many , MANY goodies for the adventurer who chooses to look.So that 's the general gameplay . A very sharp distinction from this Grandia and the other 2 is that you have 8 characters , one of which will always be in your party , and none of them EVER leave your party 's roster under any circumstance . That 's right ; you get all but one after the 1st dungeon , and # 8 comes after Boost # 1 . After that , they 're yours forever . More than likely , you 'll find a party that you enjoy too much , and will fervently stay with that party forever , but the others will always be available . Even better , some characters pay homage to Grandia 1 & 2 characters , specifically those who do not end up with your party at the end . Play all 3 , and you 'll see the similarities . Now , unlike other Grandia games , the story is hardly there , but that 's fine , because the selling point of the game is the fast paced gameplay , and the high replay value after the end . Also , the level limit was boosted for this game ; the max level for any character is 250 , so you 'll be spending plenty of time with that.In sum , if you adore story RPGs that take 40 hours to beat , you wo n't like this game . If you enjoy an RPG that offers many challenges , secrets , rewards , and 120 + hours of gameplay , this is the game for you .
 well the game so far is pretty good , I 'm enjoying the story , tho it progresses a little slow , and the voice acting isnt all that good but its no `` Rhapsody either '' lol.The only big beef I have with this game is WHERE THE HECK ARE THE SAVE SPOTS !!!!! If you wan na play the game for a hour while waiting for a date or something , you start playing and you play for about two hours before you can save the bloody game and there is no way Im turning off the game then starting over , and there is no pause button either , so right now My hours on the game are 9 when in fact I have only played 4 or 5 of those hours ! and the constant Battles and endless mindnumbing dungeons hurt my head!But the fact that there really hasnt been any character development so far is the thing that worries me . . But hay the game is good and will at least hold you over untill another RPG comes along , But if you dont play this RPG you arent no `` Master of the game '' in other words its a TRUE RPG , buy it buy it buy it ... hay mybe I can make this even more annoying ... BUY IT ... there you think that helped ?? ... buy it ... cant quite figure out if Im for the game or against it ?? well Im for it so give it a try , you should read the reviews I write about Bad games ^_^
 ah yes i remember when i got hooked on grandia ... i was 17 and a junior in high school . . it was xmas and dreamcast was still a system . . i asked for grandia II and i got it . popped it in and it consumed my life for the next 3 or 4 weeks until i beat it ... i loved it . so i went on to purchase the first grandia and while i enjoyed the 2nd one better part one took about another month of my life . so then i didnt hear anything more about grandia until last year when i was working at a EB games and grandia xtreme was released . bought it and once again consumed a good 3 weeks of my time . this game is good but part 2 is the best of the trilogy . there is also a game boy grandia titled `` grandia
 This game is the third installment of the popular RPG Grandia series , a series known for its great epic storylines , interesting characters , and its amazing battle system . Apparently this game has a much deeper focus on combat , and it has you hacking through eight huge dungeons.There is a story , about how the star character Evann must find the case of an elemental disturbance , but the storyline probably wo n't come anywhere close to Grandia 2 's . That said , this battle system is quite possibly the best I , an avid RPG fan , have ever seen , Xtreme will be fantastic . I 'm still buying it though I will mourn the loss of the storyline . If you like the Grandia series and/or sick of the prolonged story sequences in games like the Final Fantasy series , wanting to get down to kicking some monster 's ... , go for it . The game should be great .
 this games shows you alot the battle system is the best i have seen in a long time it is funny to grate story line and with twist at eatch corner if u dont have this game u should buy it !!
 This game is great for all ages . It has a great learning curve that allows experienced gamers to get right in and lets beginners learn the ropes . It has tons of levels and they get harder and harder as you go . The only problem is that some of the levels are really hard and may require a lot of thinking.Overall it is a great game and with a $ 15 price tag it 's a steal .
 I bought this for my eight-year-old daughter , and both of us just love playing it . I think the graphics could be better , I would particularly have preferred smoother flowing graphics , but the game itself is great fun . We 've played the game over and over , and there are always new little niches to find that we did n't find before . In this game , Jimmy gets to walk , jump , swim , fly , swing , slide , navigate a submarine and a helicopter -LRB- thanks Goddard ! -RRB- . The story line is funny , and is very much in keeping with the characters from the show . It 's a game my daughter returns to over and over .
 This game is awesome ! It takes a while for the cut scenes to load and some levels were boring but the game is just plain awesome . This game is definetly for 8-12 year olds anyone older could beat the game very easily .
 Watning , you must have a top of the line computer to play this . Our Windows 98 , hard drive , ... , video card were not able to play the intense 3D video .
 We love this game my 4 year old got it for Christmas and has already played through the whole game twice . It has lots of neat gadgets . It is fairly easy and nonfrustrating for younger children . My only concern is that it might not be challenging enough for older kids . We really like that the games are nonviolent your weapons are water balloons , hamburgers , etc. . . We plan to buy more Jimmy Neutron games in the future .
 I bought this game as part of a package that came with a Rescue Heroes game , a Tonka Truck game , and a Lego soccer game -LRB- thinking my son would especially love the Rescue Heroes game -RRB- . My 4 year old had never even heard of Jimmy Neutron . He barely plays the other games , but he absolutely loves this game . He can sit and play it for hours . I like that I can save the game at several different points so that when my son wants to go back and play a different level I just load up what I have already saved . Most of it is not too challenging for him - there are a few parts that he has needed some help . There are lots of new things to explore each time he plays the game . I also like that on most of the levels Jimmy 's dog Goddard shows you which way you need to go . My one complaint is that once the program has played the instructions there is no way to go back and review what you are supposed to be doing on that level . A few times my son did not understand the instructions and since I had n't heard them it was hard for me to figure out what he was supposed to be doing .
 Five year old son spends hours playing this . Jimmy Neutron helps him to nuture a love of science .
 I got this for my ADHD grandson who is 8 years old . He just loves it . He wants to be smart like Jimmy . This works great on my XP computer but not my windows 98 . The game is action packed with no violents . Thanks for a GREAT game .
 This game is a classic to me . The first game was great , but this one ... this one is REEAALLY great . I mean , the concept , the the places you go , it 's REALLY fun and addicting . totally recommended .
 I LOVE Jimmy Neutron vs. Jimmy Negatron SO much!Especialy The parts where Jimmy chases Jimmy Negatron !
 The coolest new gadget has to be the Submarine . Yes , in one level , you actually drive a portable submarine underwater . You can even surface and take a look around your surroundings . Cool stuff ! ... Very cool levels ...
 Virtua Tennis is a decent tennis game . The graphics are pretty good . The sound is good with many voices . The control is just average , you ca n't really hit the ball to where you want to . . The gameplay is decent , there 's a mode that allows you to create your own player and you can buy things from the shop , play mini-games , and compete in tournment . The mini-games are interesting cool bonus feature . All the players except the Williams sisters are unknowns or amateurs , because I 've never heard any of them ! I was expecting Andrea Agassi , Roddick , Seles , and others ... At least the Williams sisters are there , Serena Williams is absolutely my favorite tennis player . Overall this game is fairly good , for under ten bucks you ca n't go wrong .
 I just got this game for -LSB- a bit of money -RSB- at my local gaming store and i got more then what i payed for . This game is addictive . Even though i 've never played tennis in my life , it is easy to learn how to with this game . World Tour is the best . There are mini games to build up your skills , and then you can buy equipment and pay to get a doubles partner . The controls are easy and the graphics are very nice looking . The computer is pretty smart too , so it 's realistic . I think you should go out and buy this game , even if you 'd just like a tennis to pick up and play . I was and I got this game and am having a blast .
 At first , this game disappointed me somewhat . Having the Tennis 2k2 version for Dreamcast , I expected it to be a little more like that one . I knew the graphics were n't going to be as good , that was a given . However , the parts it does carry over still make it an enjoyable game . The world tour , and the gameplay with resembles the dreamcast one in many ways . 50 % of the things which made the Dreamcast version have really good gameplay , are still implemented in this . However , about 50 % of the other stuff that also made the dreamcast version really fun , seem to be lacking . They could have done a few things much better . Also , disappointing that you have to have more than 1 cartridge to play multiplayer . This is still a fun game though , especially for 10 bucks . I would have to recommend it , whether or not you 're a fan of the dreamcast version . Just beware , not the same in many good ways .
 I have never seen another GBA game with the level of realism that Virtual Tennis has . A huge amount of data was compiled into the program , making it the best GBA program I have seen.Unlike some GBA games I have played , this one does not have choppy graphics . The tennis courts look perfectly clear ! Each of them are in a different environment and are all very distinctive.Virtual Tennis has world tou mode , which lets your virtual tennis player travel around the world and compete in tournaments practice his/her tennis skills . You get to create a tennis player , and build up their skill yourself . You build up their skill by completing training exercises . After completing an exercise , you achieve a certain number of skill points , and you can put the points in whatever skill you want to . For example , lets say to want to create a player that is excellent in serving the balls . You can put all of your serve points in the serve category . On the other hand , by doing that your player would be weak in other skills , such as footwork , so the gameplay involves a lot of decisions.On tennis court , you virtual player can make many different types of hits , including top spins and lobs . You can switch between forehand and backhand , and the game lets you direct the ball with a lot of precision.The only con about the game is that when your player hits the tennis ball , it does not sound much like a tennis ball , but the superb graphics and gameplay easily makes up for that.Virtual Tennis is significantly higher in quality than most GBA games . The realistic graphic prove that is is possible for GBA manufactures to create 3-D graphics without them looking choppy . The unique and higher quality productions causes me to recommend it to all video game players interested in the tennis sport .
 This game reminds very much of the Sega Dreamcast port . It 's pretty much the same but on a portable system . The controls are fairly responsive , and the graphics are pretty good for a small unit . One of the better tennis game out on the GBASP . I highly recommend this game if you 're a fan of the Dreamcast version , or just love tennis .
 This game is awesome . The game play is common sense . Like the dreamcast virtua tennis is a addictive game . When you have a friend around you can challenge he or she in a doubles , singles , mixed doulbles match . It 's great because you can play mini games to get kill points and have fun at the same time . The glitches are normal it gives it a little kick and will also spice up game play . I think people should purchase this game because it has incredible graphics and game play . This game should be reccommended to no matter what age just have fun and letting your tennis skills take over.Happy holidays
 It has the coolest features like mini games which are addictive and awesome game play . It helps to have a friend with a cable link so you can test your skills whether you like tennis or not its a fun addictive game .
 anyone else notice a glitch right after you powerserve ? the player starts turning very slowly . also on some of the world tour modes , the character sprite would be completely missing . aside from these rare glitches , the game is VERY ADDICTIVE .
 when my little cuzn brought it over it was fun when we played multiplayer , but other wise if older u shouldnt buy this game . maybe rent it and play with some young -LRB- not to young -RRB- kids
 Seriously i dont have an X-Box . I wonder if this will also be for playstation 2 . I seem alot interested in this because its a cartoon fighting game . This may remind you of how Tom & Jerry were in their fighting games . Im still wondering if Woody woodpecker will have his own fighting game .
 this game is cool you get to be a looney tune character the most fun thing is the fighting and you can use cool weapons .
 it is kind of cool game then ...
 I love this game.It is the best game ever!If i like it you like it .
 This game stays true to the characters and is great fun for kids -LRB- and parents ! -RRB- . You play on stages at a studio . There is a saloon , a labratory , beach , and more.Fun ways to nail your opponent , just like the cartoons ! Your weapon hanges with the new stage you are on . Some are anvils , huge mallets , pan , axe , bone , electricity , bubble gun , bombs , pumpkin shooter , bee hive , a mini storm , flame thrower.There are not many games on XBOX that are kid friendly . This one hits the mark !
 Voices5/5Graphics5Moves and controls5Humor and weapons5Gameplay5
 This new Mortal Kombat is no walk in the park . TO play this game you have to practice with each character in order to adapt to the new fighting styles . To make a long story short and sweet , Deadly Allince is not for the faint of heart or the sissies . With tons of blood and gruesome fatalities , this game is a sure hit .
 This game is awesome . The first time I played MK was back in junior high and ever since I have been hooked . This is definitely the best version yet . I wish it had more than one fatality though and more hidden things like characters and costumes , but nonetheless it is an awesome game . My favorite is the fighting styles . Would n't it be kool if there was a secret mode we could uncover that would let us have Animality as a fighting style that we could switch to and from . So , go buy the game if you have n't yet it and makes perfect gift : -RRB-
 the title say it all belive me.this game has tons of gore , so no one under 7 1/2 . it is very addictive , with 218 missions to complete , and they all train u for the arcade mode ; and trust me you 'll need it.u can buy 236 items , too.TIP TIP TIP TIP
 This is by far the best of the Mortal Kombat series . I have the game on X-Box and I have n't been able to stop playing it . The X-Box version has awsome graphics . I had to buy a different controller though because the standard X-Box controler buttons seemed stiff and the directional pad sucks . Try the control made by MadCatz . I love the versus mode . You can battle a friend and even wager coins that you 've won . I just wish that there were multiple fatalities and stage fatalies . This game take some practice and you have to put the time in to learn your favorite fighters styles , moves , combos , and strengths and weaknesses . Once you 've done this game provides hours upon hours of fun .
 Mortal Kombat 5 : Deadly Alliance is certainly better than 4 , GOLD , and the other recent ones that have bascily just been Trilogy all over again with an addition of one or two characters . But On this game , they started from scratch . That is what makes MK5 : Deadly Alliance such a good game . The only thing about it is sometimes the button combo 's can be really frustrating . The graphics are a lot different and the story line is a lot more original than 4 . Also they are finally not `` living '' off Lui Kang anymore . Finally a chance for a fresh story-line , and a chance to focus on more new characters . If you thought MK4 was alright , but lacked inventiveness , and love MK 1,2 , & Trilogy I suggest definitely buying this . MK has always been my favorite series of fighting games . If MK never has been a favorite I 'd say rent or sample first before you buy it , to see if its worth buying in YOUR OPINION . But I definitely say please buy this .
 Mortal Kombat 5 : Deadly Alliance is certainly better than 4 , GOLD , and the other recent ones that have bascily just been Trilogy all over again with an addition of one or two characters . But On this game , they started from scratch . That is what makes MK5 : Deadly Alliance such a good game . The only thing about it is sometimes the button combo 's can be really frustrating . The graphics are a lot different and the story line is a lot more original than 4 . Also they are finally not `` living '' off Lui Kang anymore . Finally a chance for a fresh story-line , and a chance to focus on more new characters . If you thought MK4 was alright , but lacked inventiveness , and love MK 1,2 , & Trilogy I suggest definitely buying this . MK has always been my favorite series of fighting games . If MK never has been a favorite I 'd say rent or sample first before you buy it , to see if its worth buying in YOUR OPINION . But I definitely say please buy this .
 This Mortal Kombat is by far the best mortal kombat in the world today especially on xbox it is great i have mastered the art of mortal kombat on the hardest level i can beat the best of them and i just got my xbox for christmas
 This game is definitely a 5-star , two thumb up game ! With new characters and old . Johnny Cage is back . Liu Kang is gone after killed by Shang Tsung and Quan Chi , a new villain to the Mortal Kombat world . There is a lot of blood but HEY ... . It is rated M for Mature and it 's Mortal Kombat . There a new moves , combos , fatalities , and you can even impale your opponent with certain people that have swords . Get it . It rocks !!!!
 I rented this game and a few days later bought it . This is nearly a perfect Mortal Kombat game . I had lost interest in MK after it 's many sequels and same ol , same ol . A new fighting system , weaponry and multiple fighting styles make this not only a challenge to master but a lot of fun as well . Plenty of Gore and Blood and plenty of moves where you have no choice but to say `` that HAD to hurt '' . You have to love impaling your opponent.Graphics and sound are top notch and the added Konquest mode and the Krypt add a new level to this game the previous titles did n't have.Konquest mode to unlock Blaze and Mokap can be cruelly frustrating , just TRY and do Raiden 's Chain Lightning Branch Style Combo , i 've been at it for two days now . They could n't have made Konquest mode just a `` tad '' easier . certain characters in Konquest mode are far easier than others.Sometimes i could swear there 's a glitch where you do the combo right but the game insists you did n't , and as other times you do it by mashing buttons as fast as you can and it decides to let you have it . The old favorites are back with some great new characters as well . It 's a interesting concept mixing a fighting game with Kurrency to unlock hidden characters , arenas and alternate costumes to name a few . I 've been playing it non stop since i got it . The only problems i can find with this game are the `` cheese '' factor of Moloch and certain moves or combinations of moves that a human player would n't be able to pull off , but the AI pulls off flawlessly , like blocking and attacking at the same time as well as perfectly timed reversals into a 15 hit Branch Style Combo that goes through all three fighting styles LOL.The rounded directional pad makes some of the moves harder to pull off than on say a playstation controller and that can get annoying at times , hitting down back to perform a `` special move '' only to jump in the air unintentionaly . The range of difficulty should have been spread out a little more as well , you go from your first fighting being a flawless victory in every round , to your third and fourth giving you a seriously AI sided fight.Staring at the screen going what the heck happened , i guess i blinked . I would have liked to have seen more than ONE fatality per character and maybe even a few arena fatalities as well . Some of the Branch Style Kombos seem next to impossible to pull off and having to do them to beat Konquest mode to unlock even more characters is frustrating , although die hard MK fans wll surely have no problems LOL . It 's a great game and i ca n't wait to see the sequel . Plenty of morbid entertainment for your dollars.From what i 've herd and seen the Xbox version is the BEST version of this game on a console . If you have an Xbox definetly pick this up or rent it . One final thing , Midway would have been smart to make this game Xbox LIVE compatible so you could play with other people online in VS mode , that would have been most excellent .
 I feel like a party pooper here , with all the great reviews being wrote , but I need to add my opinion to help others who may have a similar taste in fighting games i have.First off , I have never been a ` major ' mortal kombat fan , I however have felt it to be one of the best series out there . The characters have always been intresting and entertaining and the gameplay has always been upbeat , fast , and bloody . This game has all 3 of those . Fast gameplay , very bloody , and always seeming to say ` go go go go ' Each battle seems to take only seconds sometimes , as combos and massive beat downs are recieved and given back.But here is my complaint in what flaw I see ... this is no DOA 3 . Some may say `` YES ! '' but for those like me , I loved DOA realistic martial arts , and fluid animation . Some moves were so realistic and to the art , I recongized them from movies and my own limited martial arts training . From the rythmatic stance of Jeet Kune Do to the blocks and solid punches of Karate . Mortal Kombat lacks this , and to a hurting . Johny Cage is such a slug he is an embrassment to both styles he uses in the game . * jeet kune do and karate i think , plus chucks as weapons * Before those of you that are die hards say `` Well you just do n't know how to string combos together ! '' I reply , that is fairly true , I am not the best at remembering things like Y Y Y X up + X Left trigger A A. . . All fights began to look like they all came out of the same can . . as the same combos are repeated over and over for if you use anything else , you may only get 3 hits before you character decides to take a breather . I lack the words to explain exactly how I feel about the animation , not because its `` that bad ! '' but because I honestly dont know how to describe it . When some characters jump , they float up , pause , then float back down . Some flying punches or kicks look like they cut back on animation time by having the whole body hold still other than the arms or feet that are hitting . This leads to less fun for me , because I want to watch realistic and enjoyable fictional fight moves . If someone throws a punch , and they dont even move a shoulder , or waist , or hip , it begins to look dull . All I suggest is rent it first , to see if you have similar view as me . For those who are fans of the arcade , then I dont think you will mind the game at all . Dead or Alive 3 however I feel has much much more fluid animation and realistic styles . The things the mortal kombat characters often look hoky and fake . * not bashing fire balls and the like , speaking only of punches and kicks * Hope this helps with your purchase or rental .
 I have always been a big Mortal Combat fan right from the beginning . This new version did not let me down at all . There 's so much to do in this new version . You get to train with different characters and learn their moves . Once you do so , you earn Koins that will allow you to open up ` Koffins ' . Hidden in the koffins are new characters , backgrounds and some silly stuff . The movement and graphics are amazing . If you 're a Mortal Combat fan , you will not be disappointed with this game .
 Yeah , I know . Scary concept.I got this baby in an attempt to make sense of Deception . And let me tell you , it is everything that Mortal Kombat
 I must say that I have been a long time fan of the mk series . This version is great I think Midway did the right thing when they got rid of all those peripherial characters and superfluous fatalities , animalities , ect . Frankly I would be happy to figure out one . This game is clean and crisp with responsive controls . The weapon aspect is cool because if you do decide to use it you also take greater damage if hit ; although if you are a weak player AI 's at higher diffuculty levels will repeatedly use their weapons to slice and dice you.The ONLY gripes I have with this game is that it totally sucks that all the players are not available to start with ; although I must admit that having to buy them gives the game more replay value . Also a major gripe is that this game is NOT Xbox Live compatable . I imagine all those suckers I could be pummeling with scorpion - all the trash talking I am being denyed , so disappointing.Anyway this IS a solid game worth having for ANYONE who appreciates fighters . Check out the blood and gore !
 Mortal Kombat is back again for an all new gamewith familiar elements . The graphics look greatand has lush 3-D backdrops , and cool characters.The animation is fluid and the sound effects fit thegame perfectly . A host of new characters andold ones return with new fighting styles . Characterscan even pull out swords on the fly for melee combat.Pros : + different fighting styles + sword fighting melee + great graphics and sound + responsive controls + good fight trainning system + bloody and brutal + familiar gameplay + some old characters returnCons : - fatalities are hard to pull off-no stage fatalities-kind of feels like the same game
 I can still remember playing Mortal Kombat back in the early 90 's . It was the gateway game for me , this hooked me on arcade and video games . Mortal Kombat IV really made the franchise come to life with 3D graphics and a great fighting system . Mortal Kombat V is the icing on the cake with good graphics and an excellent fighting system that is too big for just one fighting system , but not big enough for three fighting systems . The character design is wonderful , the characters are detailed and really bruse when damaged , may I say that the `` bounce '' in female fighters is a nice addition and satisfying . The three fighting styles gives the game more variety and gives you a chance to really learn the techinques of each player . I spend four days studying each characters fighting styles and system , ponding which way shall I kick my opponents ' ass . The choice of characters is decent , the only reason I give it four stars instead of five is because they 're only 23 characters , that compared to MKIIIs ' over thirty fighters . I like this game and purchased it because , one , I 'm a MK fan , and second , it 's the best fighting game the X-Box has to offer .
 The story of Mortal Kombat has always interested me , as well as the old and new characters from each game.I have an x-box , but my favourite one on one fighter is Tekken Tag.That title is only on Playstation 2 , and Dead or Alive does ` nt do it for me.Now , I 'm looking for a great fighter to take its place.Deadly Alliance fits the bill perfectly.It was nice to see the in-depth real styles of martial arts each has.Two unarmed and one weapon based for each character.Styles range from various forms of karate , kung-fu , and Bruce Lee 's art of jeet kune do.Some of the many weapons used are nunchucks , escrima double sticks , sai , and any type of sword you could ask for.Jax uses a machine gun along with his tonfa . The graphics are rich with color and detail to the stages , characters , and their costumes.Different weather conditions like rain and snow add a nice touch.Modes are arcade , vs. , practice and konquest.This is where the originality comes in.The krypt is an area with hundereds of coffins , each filled with unlockable characters , costumes and too many other items to mention here.The idea is to either fight in arcade or learn about each style in konquest mode.This is how you earn the required coins to open the coffins.You need to have patience and alot of coin to get the extra characters and costumes , so you need to keep saving your earnings to get them.Go on line , -LRB- like I did -RRB- , or find a current game mag to get the complete krypt list.This way you 're not waisting coins on the needless stuff.I played almost non-stop for a couple of weeks.I completed konquest mode with all the characters.By that time , I had enough coin to unlock the the other characters and all costumes.It was very fustrating.When you complete the konquest mode with every character , you then unlock two special characters.After I did that , I felt relieved that I can now enjoy the arcade , knowing the important stuff is unlocked.The characters do different blocks as you hold down the button.They also move their heads to keep their eyes on you.Now that 's detail.When they 're knocked down you can see them get mad as they get up for round 2 . With a game like this , I do n't care that there is only one fatality each.I rather impale them anyway .
 I THINK THIS GAME WAS GREAT , GOOD GRACIPS AND MOVES . I RATE THIS GAME A 5 # ...
 Bloodiest , goriest , most violent fighting game ever!I love to see blood squirt out of a neck.HERE IS A LIST OF MORE FUN MIDWAY GAMES
 I 've been a fan of the mortal kombat series ever since it first came out in 1992 . The other fighting games on the market are just too `` cute '' for me , but MK is bloody & violent , exactly the way I want my fighting game to be . Thanks for not folding to the pressure Midway , the blood content is sweet !! -LRB- a welcome addition to a true fighter -RRB- Thank God for Fatalities : -RRB- I would n't suggest this game for anyone under 17 , but for everyone else this one is so much fun to play . During a fight you can switch to any of 3 differnt fighting styles including weapons ! There are many fighters , alternate costumes , and game arenas that you can unlock as you fight , win , and gain Koins . I was most impressed with the way the fighters move so fluidly and the colorful fight arenas are beautiful eye candy . The game is also loaded with things like a video on MK History , a music video , sketch art , etc. . Thanks again to the people behind this game , so glad they took their time making this one . It is a true gem and definitely the best MK game to date , keep up the great work Midway ! If you want a dark , violent fight game , give this one a chance , I love it !!
 I love the MK games . My cousin and I played it almost all day yesterday . I love the blood and gore , the women on the game are very realalistic there breast move and bounce like real ones .
 I have been a fan since Mortal Kombat I. I knew this game did n't have babalities and pit fatalities and friendships before i bought it but thought it would n't matter . Well , it did . One finishing move per character gets old . Unlocking more characters takes forever . If you like games like DOA3 that require strings of combos then this game is good . If you wanted a game like the old Mortal Kombats then forget it . The fatalities are weak also . You ca n't morph into other characters with Shang Tsung either . Whats up with that . I bought the strategy guide also . After playing for several hours i returned it the next day for Ghost Recon . Now talk about a sweet ass game . Best trade i ever made
 Mortal Kombat was the first real action fighting game in pc history with blood and brutal fatalities ! The new 3D look -LRB- Not as MK4 , but much better than that ... -RRB- gives MK a ` new life ' and therefore MKDA will score real high in the ` fighting game - lists ' !!!
 This game is Kool cuz when ya play it , all the blood comes up and your like at the end , `` TAKE HIM SATIN TAKE HIM ! I remember when me and my brothers Dave & Mike used to play this game back in the day , and out of all of the Mortal Combat games , I would say this is the best one yet .
 MKDA is the best game ever !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- and i play with blood and difficulty at MAX . MKD has some other things , but there Konquest lacks , Arcade is stupid , and the story dose n't have as much zest as in DA.When I unlocked `` Cooking with Scorpion '' I watched it 56 Times ! The best player are Shang T. and Raiden . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The game arrive in perfect conditions but it arrive very late . A whole month late .
 i do n't have a consol test it . If the guys say there is a problem with it when it gets to Afghanistan , I will let you know : -RRB-
 Deadly Alliance was the first new outing for Midway with sixth generation systems PS2 and Xbox . The game adds new features to the Mortal Kombat franchise and has a ton of replay value with loads of extras including unlockable secret characters , bonus art , and the groundbreaking Konquest mode . In comparison to Deception and Armageddon , Deadly Alliance just seems better and more original . It does n't suffer from badly implemented new features present in Deception and contrived storylines present in Armageddon . In addition , Deception axed a number of characters from Deadly Alliance 's roster just like the Mortal Kombat 2 did for the original MK1 . Whereas this first tactic worked in the 90 's , it just failed to deliver this time around.The new mixed weapons combat system that Deadly Alliance uses works most of the time . The weapons system seems to have been copped from the Soul Calibur series . Once the player learns the various nuances of each character 's fighting styles they can incorporate counter moves accordingly in the heat of battle . In arcade mode , I found myself rapidly switching between styles to counter my opponent 's assault . This is the key to achieving success in Deadly Alliance . One gripe though is that the fighting style would always reset to default at the end of the round . The player has to quickly switch back or get caught off guard . Costing precious seconds and giving the opponent the upper hand to pull of a fast series combos for quick damage .
 This game is a good solid mortal kombat game . A lot of characters and original ones like sub-zero and jax etc. . Its pretty fun considering the 3 different fighting styles and moderatly different moves in each style . The only problem is after you play it for a long time it gets boring doing the same thing over and over and over again just with different characters . But it does somewhat pay off since you get to spend your koins to unlock so many different things , like a lot of extra characters . So overall this game is pretty good and recommend if you dont spend a lot on it .
 This is the best Mortal Kombat game ever ! I love it and I am sure that any one who plays it will love it . Graphics are great , has many new characters like Kenshi , Bo Rai Cho , and Frost . It also has many olds characters like Scorpion , Sub Zero , Jax , Reptile , Kung Lao , and Sonya . This is the best Mortal Kombat game ever and believe me I 've played every MK game out there . I have many other reviews on MK stuff so if you want to see more of my reviews search Mortal Kombat -LRB- ON AMAZON.COM -RRB- and pick out any thing on that page.Also look for my Logo which is SMK that most the time is at the bottom of the review but might also be at the top by my title . OUT ! -LRB- LOGO -RRB- SMK
 Being a long time mortal kombat fan , I was lookin forward to this game , and I was not dissapointed.This game could have taken best fightin game of the year if not for soul calibur 2 . The only things is afer u open up all the koffins which will take u a hell of a long time i bet , there is n't much 2 do after that.But that is the prob with all fighting games is n't it ? . some of the new characters are cool but the absence of liu kang is kind of a let down ... that said some of the new characters are corny to like li mei the sexy asian chick she really -LSB- stinks -RSB- . any wayz all in all this game is a great buy and why would n't u get it ????
 Playing Mortal Kobat was practically a right of passage in the nineties , and this x-box version does a pretty good job of updating the game , yet keeping it familiar . The new moves -LRB- including weapons -RRB- have a fairly easy learning curve and add to the stategy . The valid criticism is that fatalities should be increased for x-box and the game generally does n't utilize the x-box as well as it could . Still , MK for XBOX !
 This game hooks you from the moment you pop it in The X-Box . You go through the Konquest mode to learn about the fighting styles . The best part the Krypt to unlock hidden stuff like playable characters , costumes , and videos . Did not care somuch for sketches or picutres of the people .
 Midway has managed to accomplish something that no other gaming company has managed to do
 This game is Kool cuz when ya play it , all the blood comes up and your like at the end , `` TAKE HIM SATIN TAKE HIM ! I remember when me and my brothers Dave & Mike used to play this game back in the day , and out of all of the Mortal Combat games , I would say this is the best one yet .
 i love the fighting genre and all , but this game is right up there w / the VF4 game -LRB- difficulty -RRB- . now do n't get me wrong , VF4 was nice but it was a little too difficult . anyway MKDA is definately original but the fact still remains that this game is difficult and that makes it only average . now since the fighting genre has expanded 10 fold , it is hard to keep up with the Tekken4 , VF4 , and DoA series of today , so i think what keeps MDKA up and running is the fact that the game is highly original and has a moderate storyline -LRB- very important -RRB- . also this game is full of gore and that is ok , but where did the vomit come from ? , that is nasty and i was really turned off by it . this game i think is lacking and flawed because the developers went too far over their heads and should have done a little more research on other games just to make this one stand above and beyond . do n't get me wrong , this game had mad potential , but it has suffered.Gameplay
 This MK game is the better than all the rest for several reasons . The first is because there are three different fighting styles for each character . Every character in the game with the exception of Blaze and Mokap , have their own fighting style . This is defenantly a step up from any other MK game and this is what will give it more gameplay appeal for probably a long time . There are literally more fighting styles in this game than any other fighting game I believe and most of the styles are real martial arts . I believe that there are about 63 fighting styles in the game that includes hand to hand and weapons combat . Second , this is the first truly 3D MK game that makes full use of the 3D environment . Sidesteps are even easy to pull off . Third , the control is excellent . Fourth , there are lots of things to get in the krypt which cost coins . You play the game for coins so you are actually playing for a purpose . The only negative thing I have about the game is that there should be more modes in the game . The only thing to play is arcade , versus , and konquest and once you have beat konquest with every character you would probably not want to play that again . There needs to be a team battle and survival mode to add to the game play . Other than that , everything else is great .
 In 1992 I was forbidden to play a game I had never heard of called Mortal Kombat . Apparently my mom saw it on the news and instinctively forbade that I even touch the controversial game . Needless to say that my brother , father and I , perhaps through some act of defiance , all sought this game out ... more or less to find out what the big deal was . What we discovered is how frighteningly deadly the combination of Daniel Moir behind the controls of Scorpion were . To this day I have gone completely undefeated in the original Mortal Kombat , not even the computer stood a chance.Mortal Kombat 2 followed , and while the computer would get the best of me only one human opponent was able to beat me . My reign as Tooele 's champion or Mortal Kombat ended with the third installment of the series , and when Mortal Kombat trilogy and Ultimate MK3 came out I was burnt out . The fatalities were cheesy , the fighting redundant and cheap , and the babalities , friendships , and animalities were just so over done I gave up . Needless to say I was there for Mortal Kombat Mythologies , but like most people ignored Special Forces all together . MK 4 came and went , as did MK Gold , which was fun for a while , but the fatalities were just too complicated to pull off on the Dreamcast controller.Despite having out grown Mortal Kombat , for some reason the title called my name when I went to buy Metroid Prime and Fusion . `` Daniel ... master me ! '' I could n't resist and I succumbed to the temptation.The game is completely different in terms of game play , and the story surprisingly refreshing . Liu Kang is dead ... now what ? New Tournament , new characters , a deep fighting engine , the return of some old favorites , and Scorpion is still as deadly as ever.Like Super Smash Bros Melee there is a ton of stuff to unlock , everything from hidden characters , to production art , and much more . In addition the fatalities are now much easier to do , which is nice . The game no longer requires the perfect distance to execute a fatality , as MK 4 did , which was a pain . The downside is that the fatalities , for the most part , are still cheesy , and while they are bloody they still do n't have that horror element that the first two had . There was something scary about those fatalities , but ever since MK 3 , they have been outlandish and silly , but they are at least so outlandish that the sick minded -LRB- such as myself -RRB- will get a genuine chuckle out of the ridiculousness of it all.Graphics are very good , but still could have been better . Sound effects are great , but the music is n't as good as past Mortal Kombat games . All in all this is the best thing to happen to the series since MK 2 , but its still not as good as the first two games were . I recommend the XBox version , as the game seems to be optimized for this system , if not go with the GameCube version as its almost just as good , with only subtle differences graphically . The PS 2 version 's a bit too slow for my taste .
 This game is off the hook , i bought it on monday and i havent stopped playin it yet . The fighting styles are outrageous , each character having three different fighting styles including weapons . The blood is so incredible , it remains on the floor throughout the match and when the match is over the loser just gets back up instead of a screen change . The grahics make the game so much funner to play and the combos look great when executed correctly . The only only thing that im a little dissappointed in is that so far in the game each character only has one fatality . Hopefully more will surface as time goes on because fatalities are one of the greatest part ... although the fatalites in deadly alliance are still incredible even tho there is only one per character
 This game is awesome , fully worth the price . It lives up to the legend of the original Mortal Combat . This has all the great gameplay of the original , coupled with graphics that rival DOA3 . If you are able to buy this game do so , you wo n't regret it . The storyline is immersive and the finishing moves are a blast . My only regret is that it has no X box live support . Also check out Unreal Championship and DAO X-Treme Beach Volleyball .
 First of all , MK
 I bought this game as it was walked into the store by the u.p.s man . Ive been a big fan since the first game when my mom wouldnt let me play it . I would have to say that this game brings home the series . Although they could have done better on the fatalitys , some are so lame but some are awesome also , its about 50 , 50 , But that isnt that bad , the game play is awesome and the krypt was a real good idea . I enjoyed having to earn the extra players and to also see stuff that i never have before about the past games . Its a must have for any mortal kombat fan or fighting game fan . Plainly awesome .
 Like all fighting games , I wanted to see how fast I can beat it ! ... at least with one character ! Unlike Virtua Fighters and Takken , you ca n't just push random buttons hoping to massacre your opponents , you will need little practice . All characters , sounds and maps are dark , spooky and creative `` the way it suppose to be '' ... the graphics are impressive and smooth . My 5 star rating is based on the whole playing experience to the smallest details
 I loved this game ! This is the first Mortal Combat game I bought , and only the third addition to my XBox collection . Instantly playable out of the box , the graphics are amazing , and the sound makes this a thriller . There is nothing bad to be said about any feature in this game . It is extremely addictive and you can spend hours on end without realizing it . Alas , this last point is what caused me to give this 4 instead of 5 stars . It quickly became boring.Although there are features - such as the Crypt , for which you earn point -LRB- `` currency '' -RRB- during game play and in which you can purchase a `` coffin-full '' of additions to the game , including extra fighters or suits for current fighters - that try to extend the playability of the game , the presence of only one fatality per player quickly becomes irritating.Overall , this is a great game , but do n't let its addictiveness kill it . Do n't spend too much time on it everyday , or else you will wear it out too early .
 If you played the MK series of games this is the best of them all . To put it simple a awsome butt kicker in any fighting game .
 This is by far the best Mortal Kombat to hit the shelves since MK 2 , and it is outstanding from character layout to background animation.I 've been hooked since the day I bought it , I 've only noticed two flaws .1 , The fatalites , dont , get me wrong some of them are awsome -LRB- Hsu Hao 's and Nitara 's , SWEET -RRB- but some are really lame -LRB- Quan Chi 's and Kitana 's , good God . -RRB- Come on Midway Mk 's popular for terror and gore not `` cheese and goofiness.MK2 anyone ? 2 , Where are the pit fatalites ??? I mean look at these backgrounds , Acid pool , Lava shrine , Dragonfly , etc.Just think a ring-out straight into a pool of acid . YES!Oh well great game anyway I 'll see you for MK6 .
 I recently purchased MKDA out of a single day fling wanting a fighting game . I never really liked the other Mortal Kombats , I guess I was a fan of Street Fighter . After throwing this game in my XBox ... . wow . Finally a fighting game that I like , that does not get old . I just beat Konquest mode and unlocked Blaze and Mokap . Not that big of a deal , Scorpion is still the best . Some combos took me more than two tries but no biggy . My main problem was with Mavado 's fight with Sonya , quite possibly because I -LSB- am bad -RSB- with Mavado , but that 's besides the point . If you have a remote interest in fighting games , what are you reading this for ? Go buy Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance now !
 This is the most incredible fighting game I have ever played ! The graphics are awesome , the gameplay is fantastic , and the fatalities are great ! Virtually all of the original MK characters are in this version and they have awesome combinations in addition to old moves . The different fighting styles are awesome . It is very easy and quick to switch to a different fighting style . The environments on this game are incredible . There is also a great storyline to this game . There are many different challenges and tons of variations to gameplay . DOA 3 does not even compare to this game graphically or gameplay wise . This is the best fighting game you will ever play .
 When I bought this game , I was expecting a rehash of MK4 . However , the multiple fighting styles are much more than a gimmick ! This game will take weeks , if not months to master . And there 's so much to unlock that it will hold its replay value ! Pick it up if you 're a fighting fan .
 I got this game yesterday and wow ... very very addictive . So much to do . Midway made sure they will have people playing this game over and over again . So many features
 I love this game . I have n't played all the other fighting games out there , but I probably played mortal kombat 3 until my original playstation died . Great fun , the guys like it because they can watch healthy , buxom women fight half naked -LRB- you pay a lot for those extra costumes , but they sure do show a lot of skin ! -RRB- and of course the girls like it because they can kick butt in high heeled boots -LRB- and believe me , the chicks rock in this game ! -RRB- I have n't noticed any of the lag mentioned in some of the other reviews , I really enjoyed a sense of accomplishment completing some of those crazy kombos ! I LOVE the training section of the game.I would have liked to see Mileena come back in this one , but I have no complaints !
 Last night some friends kame over to play . We played , and played . Just enjoyed kicking each others butts . This game is fun . If you want fun , and you want it for a long time get this game . It has several modes in which you kan embark on that makes the game even more interesting . This game has lasting value . It makes you want to get better . I played it all last night , this morning and this afternoon and I have 4 other games to choose from . I 'm taking a break writing this review , and now I wan na play again . This game is krazy . This game is better than Tekken 4 . It reminds me of Killer Instinct .
 This game takes the old Mortal Kombat games and tosses them in the blender . The result is this game
 I am a hardcore mortal kombat fan . When this game hit the shelves , I jumped for it . I played and ... . WOW . This game rocks ! A new 3D fighting system allows easy blocks . The fatalities are awesome . The best mortal kombat game EVERRRR !!!
 This game features more stuff than you can think . And with over 600 koffins to unlock for surprises , it will be a game that will be played for a long time . Not like earlier versions that only take 30 minute to beat . This game is the best game I 've ever played .
 This game is outstanding , it makes everything else look dull in comparison , the sountrack is awesome and the graphics are the best I have seen yet .10 / 10 for attention to detail ! ...
 Came quickly and in great condition . This game is fun but I recommend Armageddon . It has more characters and smoother fighting . Not bad though . Only necessary if your collecting them all .
 While this is a great game , and the features are very good , it is just another mortal kombat . A few new features and a few new characters , but once you played one you have played them all .
 Well , my mom got this for me , I needed 360 and she didnt know there was a difference . I paid so little for it and did n't want to hassle w / the return , I took it to a local game store and upgraded for just a few dollars more . Completely satisfied . Mortal Kombat has always been one of my all time favorites . I remember when it came out for the first time . Still playing after all these years
 The game is great , but we ca n't play it because when we purchased it , we were under the assumption that it was XBox 360 as it was listed with the XBox 360 games . It is n't , so we ca n't play it .
 It 's pretty fun , it has nice graphics and I like all the special moves and combos that you can do . The only draw back is that there are locked characters you ca n't play unless you play the single player game .
 This game has great graphics , & the play is smooth . Mortal Kombat
 There 's a reason why it says ; `` PLATINUM HITS '' on the cover , and your not going to find it saying that on any other MK game either.This game was well thought out and the story was well planned . It actually had a plot to it.The combo moves were great in it , the weapons were a good idea , all the characters had a background story to it , the fatalities were good , But the best part was this new idea of Shoving , Power-ups , Escaping , and the best part Reversals . Doing reversals was so much fun , and so beautifully timed to.I also like the idea of training mode , all the previous games never had that , so that too was a good idea.They also put in the good ole Test Your Might game in it , so that was a plus . `` They do n't put that in there games as often as they should . `` The only pet peeves that I saw were ... Sonja was n't able to do her leg grab flip move , her bicycle kick , and her arm ring move . Nor did they make Shang Tsung morph , and he ca n't siphon souls out of the soul-nato in the background , but that was forgivable.And thats it , all in all they did a pretty good job on this . It just needed to be worked on a little more.P.S . Its better to own this game on X-Box cause the affects are better . Example ; Sub-Zero 's freeze move has a lot more detail . Game Cube does n't have that .
 I -LRB- actually my dad -RRB- just bought the new Butt-Ugly Martians game for the Game Boy Advance and I am very HAPPY with this game ! I know that some people think the Butt-Ugly Martians is a little childish , but the GBA game is really challenging and fun -- I think it is better than any of the other GBA games that have come out lately , and it 's DEFINITELY better than the other Nick games like Jimmy Neutron and Rocket Power . So even if your not crazy about Butt-Ugly Martians TV show , you should give the GBA game a chance because the game itself is well done and a blast to play.There are 7-8 different worlds in this game , and each world is so big you HAVE to use the map function or you will totally get lost . Each world has 4 levels so that makes a LOT of levels in this game . I love that there are a bunch of secret rooms too . You start blasting at one of the enemies and all of the sudden a bunch of the screen breaks away and you find a secret room with different powerups and treasures too ! This does n't just happen once or twice , it happens alot.You choose to play as a Butt-Ugly Martian because each guy -LRB- there are 3 -RRB- has different strengths and special weapons that help you thru the game . You have to choose carefully because if you blow it and the martian your playing gets zapped , you can only choose from the remaining martians to continue playing . So you have to plan to use the fastest martian for certain parts of the game , and the martian with the blow-em-away gun for the tough bosses , etc. . It is a BLAST !! Speaking of blast , this is where the BUM GBA game really blows away other GBA games I have played . Each martian has firepowers that gets better and better the more pickups you find . Most games for kids are pretty lame when it comes to weapons , but not this game ! You get lasers and bombs and a bunch of other surprises that you will like . I played this game everyday for the last week since I got it and I am not even close to finishing it yet.There 's one more thing I want to mention because it is pretty cool . You are playing as a martian and your trying to blast all the other aliens that are trying to take over Earth , see ? But there 's this other guy named Stoat or Stoad Muldoon -LRB- I think this is right -RRB- and he 's an alien hunter and he 's trying to bag YOU . So sometimes your the hunter and sometimes your the prey and it gets CRAZY ! I found myself getting really freaked out during parts of this game and that felt pretty fun !
 Why does Amazon call this game Butt Ugly Martians Battles ??? The name of the game is B.K.M. Battles !! BKM stands for something that only kids who watch the TV show on Nick know about , so watch the show to find out what BKM stands for !!! Anyway , the game is cool -- great graphics , lots of different worlds , tons of weapons that get better and better the more pickups you find , and challenging bosses . The levels are HUGE in this game so you need to use the mapping function or you will get totally lost ! There is also a bunch of hidden rooms too -- while you 're blasting away at a bunch of aliens within one of the worlds , all the sudden big parts of the rocks crumble away and your in some secret room with tons of treasure ! Schweet . And this is n't in just 1 or 2 places , every level seems to have at least a few -LRB- I personally have found over 20 secret rooms and I 'm not even halfway through the game yet ! -RRB- So get this game -- it 's fun , it 's challenging , it 's great for kids and it lets you fight bad guys in BKM !!!!!
 My son got this game at Christmas last year and loves playing it . He probably plays that game and his Finding Nemo game the most out of all the games he has . I think any boy 6yrs and up would enjoy this game !
 There are a lot of cool levels in this game . and lots of cool weapons to get the enemies . it is like the TV show , but it is better .
 This BUM game is totally fun . It is the best game with Nickelodeon characters that I have played and I have played them all -- it 's much better than Jimmy Neutron . There 's more levels , more bosses , more strategy -LRB- because you have to go thru the levels using each of the martians and there special powers in different places -RRB- . If your going to get a new gameboy adVance game , make it this one !
 this is realy cool ! works great ! comes with what you see 3 speakers and subwoofr . sounds great ! it even looks cool !
 THIS ITEM WILL ROCK YOUR HOUSE ! IT ALSO COMES WITH ONE MORE SPEAKER THAN THE 3D SURROUND SOUND . THIS ITEM IS ONLY , ONLY , ONLY , ONLY , 4 TRUE GAMERS . BEWARE IT WILL TEAR YOUR HOUSE OFF OF ITS FOUNDATION .
 My 3 yr old is pretty adept at the computer and loves Maisy so I thought this would be a good one for her . It is very easy and I 'm sure others would argue it does n't have any challenging and educations games like learning letters , instead it offers several matching type activities and coloring ; about 6 games total that are very simple to navigate -LRB- toddler level -RRB- . But while it is n't a strong educational game I like that she can run it by herself and is n't calling me for help every few minutes ! Overall , a fun , simplistic game for when your three year old does n't want to think real hard .
 We have purchased lots of software for our 3 kids over the past few years , and this one -LRB- Maisy 's Playhouse -RRB- is always the favorite . Birthday is good as well.May not get much attention from Amazon or Activision , but we highly recommend both of these .
 I think this horse is the one you ca n't miss out for your collection ! I got the last one on Amazon and when I saw the package , I was jumping up and down ! Topper is an amazing horse . He is beautiful with the saddle and bridle . The mold used was the first one Breyer made ! The video is great do . I highly reccomend this item . Trust me ! Buy it .
 this game is realy cool because of its soundtrack and gameplay . game play rules in this game I think it is worth your mony.If your parents do not let you have gta then this is good for you because it has no blood no well u now sex.very very good game .
 I thought driver2 was great , but this takes the cake . The graphics are awesome and the sound blew me away . I love Michael Madsen . GTA has some catching up to do .
 driv3r stretches the Playstation2 's graphic capabilities to their absolute limit . the photo real graphics are one of the greatest qualities of this game . the cities are amazingly designed and some of the views you can get are breathtaking . definatly one of best looking games yet seen .
 if you dont get this game then you need to be hit over the head you have weapons , better graphics , better cars , and on foot missions dont miss it .
 Dont believe all the negative reviews regarding Driver 3 untill you actually play the game for yourself . I am an original Driver fan and have been playing the game since the first two on ps1 and I also have a copy of the super rare 1970s film `` The Driver '' starring Ron O'Neal that inspired this very series . Driver 3 has incredible graphics , Miami has never looked better . The cars , though fakes of classics , look great . There is some need for improvement in the handling department but it doesnt take away from the game 's fun . I have read that many people have said this game is `` too hard '' , well Driver has always been a challenging game , it is for skilled players of driving games . The shooting game , which runs on a poor man 's Max Payne engine , adds a very exciting element to the game . Though it can be difficult to get used to , it can be mastered to some effect , the one thing Reflections should have improved on was aiming . Overall , Driver 3 is a great game filled with great missions . If you want something that is fun and challenging , pick this one up .
 I have played both driver 1 and driver 2 , driver 3 was alot better graphic wise , the game is difficult , there is more you can do in this game . This game is not meant for regular gamers , more for advance players very challenging if your into that stuff . Got some nice vehicals too , especially the semi truck/trailer .
 This game is awesome , you can drive hot sports cars to rusty garbage trucks . The graphics are outstanding , the control is sort of like Max Payne . You can chose varity of weapons like the Pistol , Machine Gun and more . These missions are challenging-SO PREPARE YOUR SELF TO DRIVE -
 THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST DRIVING GAMES OF ALL TIME.THE GRAPHYCS ARE AWESOME.THE PHYSICS ARE WICKED.THE AI IS SUPERB.THE COPS WILL COME AFTER YOU EVEN IF YOU RUN A RED LIGHT OR EVEN SPEED IN FRONT OF THEM , UNLIKE GTA SERIES.FEW FLAWS :1 . TANNER HAS A GOOFY WAY OF SWIMMY .2 . THE PITCURE IS NOT AS CLEAR AS GTA , I MEAN IF YOU NOTICE THE BUILDINGS HAS MINUTE PARTS MOVING WHEN YOU ARE LIKE 15 FEET AWAY FROM THEM .3 . IF YOU CRASH THE CAR WHEN YOU ARE IN IT YOU HEALTH TAKES A BLOW TOO .4 . THE GAME COULD HAVE USED A BIT MORE VARIETY OF CARS . -LRB- JUST A SUGGESTION -RRB- 5 . I WAS DISSAPOINTED CAUSE I COULD ONLY GET INTO 2 BUILDINGS IN EACH CITY , AND THE PREVIEW SAID THAT ALMOST ALL THE BUILDINGS WERE ACCESSABLE.ANY WAY THE STORY MODE IS GREAT AND YOU REALLY HAVE TO USE REAL LIFE STRATEGY TO GET RID OF THE COPS UNLIKE GTA .
 OK , I do n't play too many driving games , but dang , that 's a good one . Great graphics , super fast , badassss.Looking forward to Driv4r , Driv5r , etc.Wicked .
 Totally worth the wait - this game rocks . Graphics are amazing . GTA look out .
 i love and own all the driver games and this one takes the cake and the frosting too . . this time you get to drive boats and motercycles which is fun ... the only problem with this game is that after i play it and i drive my car it makes me want to run through stop signs and red lights at 100 miles an hour but hey thats not the games fault ...
 Length :
 Length :
 This game is a blast.If someone is looking for a gta like game this is one to consider . Superb graphics , realistic handling and damage , and movie-like action make this game a great companion to your PS2 collection . There are a few bugs and glitches in the game , and it can get annoying if they 're affecting the gameplay . But overall , it is a game that I enjoyed playing with it 's awesome gameplay , graphics , and music .
 I 've played the first two Driver 's and they were good . The first Driver was just a driving game , like the name implies . It had a good story line and the missions were very challenging.Driver 2 is basically the same thing but with a few improvements . First of all the main improvement is that you can get out of your car and jack another . One of the other advancements is that there is a multiplayer . Now the multiplayer is not much fun but it does provide entertainment.Driver 3 looks awsome . You can do everything that you can in Driver 2 plus you get weapons , finally . The graphics are much improved and the levels look a lot better than they do in the first two . There are more cars and alot more to do . I have n't played it and I 'm not sure if they kept the multiplayer , but I hope that they improved and kept it . I 'm getting it and even if you do n't like the Driver series I still reccommend this one .
 Well i think that since Driver 2 had a 2 player mode i dont see why driv3r should not have it . Even thou i thought driver 2 's multiplayer mod was boring since you could not steal anything and you had a small map , Driv3r should be more fun . I saw a picture with a car blown up , looks alot bettter then gta vc . Driv3r is a must buy ! : -RRB-
 It is ausome u should buy this game if you like driveing games
 This game is great ! Do n't listen to those suck a ** reviews . Those people do n't know what a good game is really like . I think THEY suck a ** . They are idiots . DO N'T LISTEN TO THEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There are not any licensed cars in it , besides the bonus Ford GT-40 . Go to www.cheatplanet.com for more info ... Anyways , this game is great . It has good graphics . Do n't listen to those other idiots . They suck if they say this game sucks . Anyways , this game is excellent !
 Do n't buy this game . Just rent the game from some where . Anybody can beat this game in 3 or 4 days . After that , the game will collect dust .
 First of all , yes this is way better than Grand Theft Auto , and the reasons for that is :1 . the graphics are the best on PS2 , -LRB- NO POP-UP BUILDINGS , CARS LOOK GREAT , THE CITYS HAVE DETAIL UNLIKE THE BUILDINGS IN VICE CITY , MOST OF WHICH LOOK THE SAME AND HAVE NO TEXTURES . -RRB- 2 . the gameplay is only second to PRO EVOLUTION SOCCER , which makes this game the second best game on PS2 . The missions are always fun and it feels like a movie as your character -LRB- TANNER -RRB- becomes more involved in the story . The missions mostly involve having to chase someone round the city or having to getaway from the police . The game never gets boring because the game looks and plays so well , driving round each of the 3 citys is almost as much fun as the main game and with the director mode you can even create your own movies and save them to your memory card . This gives the game great replay value .3 . Sound - the sound also adds to the overall score . The voice acting is well done featuring a cast of well known actors , such as Michael Madson -LRB- Resevoir Dogs , Kill Bill -RRB- and others . The sounds of the cars are all very relistic and the sounds for each of the 3 citys is uneque as a different atmosphere is created with the graphics and sound effects making it feel like you are in a different place not just another level .4 . The game only has a few problems which people who have reviewed it seem to make a big deal of and compare it to vice city . When Tanner jumps it doesnt always react the way you would have wanted , when you have to get off a boat or jump onto a ledge this can slow you down a bit , but thats not a major problem as the game doesnt require you to jump alot . I dont think vice city alows the player to jump all that well.The other problem so somepeople say is the shooting in the game , they say its the games weak point but i would say its 10 times better than vice citys shooting , when u play vice city pressing one of the back buttons to lock on the O is hardly like playing Halo , its very poor and sometimes the gun will be pointing away from the person u are suposed to be shooting and the camera swings a way and u dont see whats happening -LRB- some people forget this when they give it the tilte of ` best game ever ' . Anyway to prove my point , Driv3r 's shooting is better as u can see what you are aiming at all the time and have the option of going into first person view to find a badguy . In first person view it plays a bit like Ghost Recon as the the view with only the crosshair is the same.Well thats about it , there is no doubt that vice city is a GOOD game but DRIV3R does everything better , cars have weight and handle well , graphics are relistic , great voices and citysound , shooting it more convincing and is a welcome change from driving all the time , the citys are very well designed and the difference between Miami and Istanbul are great as it keeps the game new -LRB- play it and see -RRB- jUST BUY DRIV3R as it is one of the best game out this year -LRB- along with PRO EVO 4 and , eh , harry potter . -RRB- HA HA !!!!
 If you are a fan of GTA , True Crimes , Driver 1 & 2 , State of Emergency and Hitman 1,2 & 3 , then dump all those wack out fakes and get what everybody in the entire world have been waiting for , Driver 3 . I mean , it might just do us as well till the next GTA Game which is currently titled `` St. Andreas '' . This game will be a grand hit with its super cool realistic graphics which i might add took four years to be done , great missions in Miami , Rome and Istambul , voices from hollywood celebrities including Michael Rannsen , Ving Rhames , Michelle Rodriguez and Micky Rourke . If that is n't enough then it also contains free glance mode and puts you in the diectors chairs , plus you have an option of a city ride or a long shootout . I can think of other great stuffs but you 'll see what i am talking about . Although evrybody 's worried about multiplayer mode , in my opinion is crap , this game has maintained its place and will throw off all crime games off the no. 1 spot , just until the 5th GTA Title comes out , well thats it , if you love crime games , this is what created the word . 10/10 .
 Driver 3 Is the best car game I have ever played . It also has great graphics.I would definitely suggest buying this game .
 I picked up this game when it first came out and I guess I was expect something more . It was pretty much like the first nd second game but with new fetures like guns and slo-mo . The missions are difficult to do becuase of the funky mechanics but the driving games offer some fun times with the director mode . If your a fan of the series , you 'll probably like it but otherwise , rent it first .
 I just got this and am really finding it much more realiztic then the others , but sometime difficult learning what to do . The action is better , and the cars , and the cities are better . It will take time to manuver around the game .
 Plain and simple , this is an awesome game but there are definately some very annoying parts in the game that bring it down to 4 stars for me in stead of 5 . The worst part for me is the shooting technique . Maybe I am just too used to shooting with my mouse on PC games , however it still is a very fun game .
 I have benn waiting for along time for this game and it is going to be awesome they have guns and bigger cities and there are a lot of cars over seventy to pick from here are some of the cars that i have found out.CarsMusle cars , Sport Cars , Sedans , Convertibles , Hot rods , Pick ups , Artics , Vans , Dumbsters , Flatbeds , Fork beds , Go carts , Buses , SUVs , Sport bikes , Cruiser bikes , mopeds , off-shore power boats , Cruisers , fishing boats , police potrol boats , And more.CitiesMiami flordapicturesqueIstanbul Spanning across both europe and asia.All together there is 156.14 miles of road an there is 35.768 buildingsThis game looks like it is going to be a really good game.Please rank me and i will keep every body updated on the game thank u.
 I am a fan of Driver and GTA , But i decided to skip DRIV3R due to its bad reviews and alot of reviewers here on amazon.com are damning the game hard.The reason i bought DRIV3R is to fill in a GameStation offer-the `` 4 For 20 Quid '' offer which i bought Hitman 2 , Hitman : Contracts and The Getaway : Black Monday-which i was buying to spend my Birthday money on along with BLACK.DRIV3R was definately not in any ways perfect as it had TERRIBLE aiming , but everything else was OK-The cars , motorbikes , boats not to mention the storyline-plus you get to roam freely around Miami , Istanbul and NICE in `` Take A Ride '' or do the storyline missions in `` Undercover '' , The game is set out nicely-but i agree that the GTA games are set out better in those respects-as you are just in a world where you do whatever you want and when you want to do a mission just drive to the marker and so on.I will just some the game down : Graphics :8 / 10 : Good graphics i suppose.Sound :8.5 / 10 : The FX is great , when you crash it sounds very realistic etc , and the music is OK too.Gameplay :8 / 10 : The gameplay is fun-like freeroaming is OK , the missions feel very action-ish and very exiting.It also set a bar for future freeroaming games-You can now `` Swim '' in this game , which you ca n`t do in any freeroam games apart from GTA : San Andreas and DRIV3R.Overall :8.6 / 10-or 79 % / 100 % = GOOD game but not in anyways SUBPERB but was still worth the money -LRB- even if it was just a filler for some offer i was getting -RRB- . Reccomended to : People who Like Freeroam/Sandbox games should give DRIV3R a shot , it may not be as bad as you think!Goodbye.Review by : The_Mercenary * 123 `` a Girl-Gamer `` bye .
 When I bought this game , I turned on my PC and read the review on gamespot . This was before I ever played it . Little did that I know that the professional reviewers thought it was utter crap . Damn , I tought , I should n't have bought this game . But then I thought
 driv3r is a pretty cool game . when i bought it , i spent all day just exploring . There is only about 3 or 4 bad things about it . one of them is some times the game freezes . also there is a few glitches in it , plus some of the missions are pretty tricky . There are lots of good things about it too , like the weapons are good , and the storyline is cool . All in all I give driv3r 4 stars .
 game is cool but try to get a new one not used because i have bought two used and both came scratched even though it said very good and light scratches . i recommend this game . oh and it didnt work on my ps2 because of the scratches .
 This is a pretty good game ! Others say that the shooting is too hard or whatever but it 's just fine for me . The secret codes you get by killing the `` Timmys '' are funny , too ! Especially the infinite mass one . It 's hilarious watching buses getting blown away by ramming them with a bike !! There are a few bugs , like if you kill a Timmy , they might sometimes stand back up and fall down again ! Overall this game is pretty fun and funny , but mostly funny .
 I loved this game . I am shocked it got such low reviews from game sites -- I think it 's just groupthink or something . It 's a linear open-world game , like Mafia , The Getaway , and True Crime , only this game is much better than those . You have the story where you do missions one after another and separate free roam mode . This is the only weakness -- they are no side-missions and nothing to do in the cities outside the missions . This is a shame , because the cities are awesome -- exotic , realistic , detailed , with narrow streets great for high-speed chases , hairpin turns , trams , railroad tracks . You would want to drive around just to explore , but there is still nothing to do in the cities.The gameplay in the main missions is awesome . The missions are really fun and the variety is great . Most driving ones last 10 minutes or so as opposed to 2-3 minutes for GTA , so you do a lot . Most are awesome to play and pretty unforgetable -- sneak into a warehouse , load cargo with a crane onto a semi , and drive a semi with the trailer through twisty mountain roads in Nice , ramming through cop roadblocks , or chasing a sports car at top speed through one lane Istanbul alleys , drifting every corner . Car handling is really fun . They do n't drive like rally cars on ice anymore , like in Driver 1 and 2 , but you can still drift and it 's pretty fun , especially in chases . The story is really good , too.The presentation is pretty amazing -- cut scenes , dialogue , cities , graphics -LRB- almost PS3 level -RRB- , damage to cars . Between the presentation , story , graphics , missions , and the exotic Nice and Istanbul cities , this is definitely a game you remember and would want to replay.Some missions are extremely hard , and you might give up . However , you can put in a cheat to open all levels , do the next one , and progress from there.Overall , if you like either driving games or open-world games , definitely get this one . Just do n't expect as much to do as in Vice City or San Andreas . This game is all about the main missions -- however , the pure driving missions here blow away driving missions in other games .
 It may now be 2010 , but I just have to say something ... Definitly better than is said , and I still play to this day!I know someone said below that it is better than IGN made it out to be ... and they are absolutely right ! I am here to tell you that this game absolutely ROCKS!Most people think that they are the only ones who actually enjoy the game , due to all the bad reviews out there , and they all get treated like outsiders by all the GTA fans . But I know alot of people still play it , and thousands of copies are still being sold to people who love the game.It may have more glitches , but still , the explosions , as well as the action sequences , are bigger & better than GTA 's will ever be . Oh , and I hardly come across a glitch that absolutely ruins my game , and when I do I just ignore it , and then I restart the game.I still play the first & second games of the series , as well as this one ! Post a review about this game too if you love it ! This game may be getting old itself , but the fun will never die atleast for me ! - gavinksy -LRB- k.m 's son -RRB-
 This is the best one out of all three of them . This is the first one for the ps2 so the graphics r much better than the seconed or first one since they r for the ps1 . In this game u r a undercover cop that goes bad and he is on missions to shoot people and unlock things . But the carrer mode is hard so i like to do take a ride which u can do pretty much whatever u want to do . After u beat carrer mode or use cheat codes u can have a third city , a go kart , more cars , more weapons , unlimited ammo , and invincibility . It is not quite the same as GTA but it is similar . The graphics r not the best but for 2004 they r good . The sound is the same as any other game . But this game has many glitches in it so it can make u mad sometimes when somthing happends and its not supposed to . Like getting stuck somewhere and the start button wont work so u have to restart the game and sometimes u get shot while it is impossible to get shot like if u have the invincibility on or if the cops r on the other side of a wall and they shoot through it and u die . Other times it glitches when u do a replay and ur guy stops and starts jumping around and shooting at nothing and u did not do any of that , which somtimes it is funny when it happeneds . This game is very fun to play but it can get hard , boring , and it glitches allot .
 -LSB- 8/10 -RSB- Driv3r is a fun game . Its better than the reviewing websites like IGN , or GameSpot give it credit for . I will admit that the on-foot controlls could be better , but they work . The driving portion is great however , and besides , the game is part of the DRIVER series , is n't it ? On top of that the story is pretty good , and you have three large cities -LRB- Miami , Nice , and Instanbul -RRB- to explore . If your into Grand Theft Auto , or liked the first two Driver 's , I think you should give it a try . I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it .
 This game is so addictive ! You must keep going to see how far you can get .
 Ive played all the driver games and this one has the rest BEAT !!! the driving part is very cool and has a good feel.great selection of cars too.my only complaint is that the on-foot action is not as good as other gta type games go.there is no targeting aim and the character tanner looks and moves like Gumby.but over all this is a MUST HAVE for all shooting-driving gamers .
 I bought this and Stuntmans for my best friends son and when he comes over -LRB- almost everyday -RRB- he has to bring his games that I bought him . My son 's are always fighting over the remote if he gets up to stretch or anything else . Now I have to buy them 1 or they are going to get it themselves . Which ever comes up w / the money first . . Lol . . I highly Recommend this game .
 Bigger cities better cars and guns what else can ask for . I have been waiting along time for this game and it is sure to be the best Driver yet . There is going to be a good story line i heard and awesome graghics . I am sure this game is not going to be a dissapointment . There are going to be more levels and longer missions . I hope there is 2 player were u can get out of the car and put it in different camera angles . But like I said this game is awesome and i dont thing i am going to be dissapointed in this game .
 To tell you the truth , i dont know what there is nothing to like about Driver 3 , it blows Driver 1 and 2 right outta the water , this game is the best to me , out of all the other driving games , you get to do just about anything you want to on this game . Drive cars , wich you can already do on Driver 1 and 2 , get out of the car and steal someone elses wich you can alrady do on Driver 2 but this game is more realistic , you can shoot tires out and windows and things , so you have a gun , when you wreck it looks almost real , you can drive boats , simis , dump trucks , and i think its a trash truck you can also drive but i never tryed that one , you also have motor cycles you can also drive . the only thing misssing from this game is when you drive boats , there is no waves and when your in a car , when you try to drive through the bushes and things , you wreck . thats the only 2 things about this game , . . to me , the only 2 draw backs . thats the only way i can say it . so , overall , in my opinion , if your crazy about cars and things like i am and motor cycles and things , this game is a must have and to me , is the ruler of all driving games , that is , if you just like cruzzing around with no particular thing to do but just have fun in take a ride mode.overall , the fun in this game i would have to rate it at a 5 star . i know there are some to totaly disagree with me but this is just my opinion.wrote by
 People these days never recognize the best games.This game is far better than vice city for many reasons.First of all the details.The suspension on trucks and such acctually work allowing you to climb rocks with the truck.Second of all the more realistic stuff.In vice city when entering water you die in this game you swim , when shooting windshields and killing some one in the car the persons head hits the steering wheel and the horn goes off.You can use almost every vehicle tere is in vice city.The best thing about this game is that it is appropriate for any age I do n't have a clue why it is rated M for mature thers no blood no gore no swearing no racism no mature content other then you can shoot people and hit them in cars.ther is so much you can do this game it is just increadible.Everything in this game is like vice city only better.So if your thinkong of getting this game do n't resist just buy because , this is one of the best games to roam the playstation 2 world ... If there is going to be a driver 4 i garuntee it will be better than gta san andreas
 I have no idea , what the hell people are complaining for about this game , the environment is fantastic , with smooth driving controls . On foot controls are tricky to master and could take a while to perfect . Shooting is absolutely rubbish since its a controller . Overall the game is good , but I would HIGHLY recommend to wait until Driv3r is released on the pc , because on foot controls can be changed to what suits you and shooting and driving too will be simpler since the mouse and keyboard is being used
 Obviously Rock Star games must be lobbying Amazon because anybody who has played the Driver games and GTA will love Driv3r as the best thing that has come out on PS2 yet . Although there are some game crashes -LRB- as with Vice City but a little more here -RRB- because the A.I. is so sophisticated . With so many possibilities because of the highly detailed and semi-destructible environments and certainly destructible vehicles - that to tune this game to perfection , without crashes would probably mean waiting for the PS3 to come out or the PC VERSION ! There is no doubt - no other game has pushed the limits of a gaming experience like Driv3r . The Getaway had similar problems on release with its glitches but Driv3r is nothing like that horrible experience and is more akin to that cherry you got popped when you stuck the Vice City disk into the machine -LRB- as if VC did not have some glitches too -RRB- . Also please remember that if it was not for Driver 1 + 2 we would not have had the 3D GTA series !!!! GTA 3D was spawned by the Driver series !!!! Div3r has now taken the lead . It deserves it too.There are 3 full scale cities -LRB- Miami , Nice and Istanbul - all WOW ! WOW ! BIG WOW ! -RRB- . Tanner has a choice of several weapons including a rocket launcher that virtually blows up everything except some buildings . There are , however , no sniper riffles or melee weapons . A pair of binoculars with a zoom feature would not have gone amiss ! Tanner can swim ! So no more death by drowning - YOU can fly off a bridge into the water and swim ashore again ! The vehicle destruction systems and world physics in this game are as good as they will get on the PS2 . When this thing hits the PC it will probably be awesome . The driving is as realistic as Grand Turismo and is not too far away from matching the graphics found in Need for Speed
 I have all 3 driver games I got driver 3 for my birthday and I have fun playing it . There are some pros and cons.Pros :1 -RRB- Better than the first 2 driver games .2 -RRB- No being timed anymore for a missionCons :1 -RRB- Being on foot sucks . I hate having to walk sideways it is hard to go through doors and walking into things is easy to do . Other than that the game is great.I think all should buy the game .
 This Video game -LRB- Driv3r -RRB- wich the real name is Driver3 is REALLY FUN you can get out of your car or any other vecile boat , motor cycle , moped and much more ! And when you get out you can shoot people , kill people , steel cars and more ! If the cops hear or se you shoot someone they will get out of there car and shoot you or your car or smash your car and chase you -LRB- but only if you have the cops on in the menu .
 -LRB- Before I write my review I would like to say that I have fully completed this game . -RRB- If I could give this game negative stars I would . This was possibly the worst game I have ever played . With this much hype for a game I was expecting a high quality , fun game , clear of any glitches but what I got instead was the exact opposite . This had the most glitches I have ever seen in a game , the on foot missions arent very fun because it is so hard to aim , the graphics are mediocre , and the A.I. is horrible . The enemies in this game are incredibly stupid . Although the driving missions are the highlight of this game , those arent very fun either due to how hard it is to manuever them in the high speed chase missions . They should have stuck with the same priniple as Driver 1 . If you havent played that I would definately recommend that if you want something from the Driver franchise . Driv3r isnt even worth a rental . I wasted my time playing it and im trying to convince you not to waste yours .
 Very fun game to play . I recommend to who likes to play driving games . This one is a absolute get .
 Driv3r is an obvious offshoot of the blockbuster hit Grand Theft Auto - Vice City . Unlike Vice City 's mythical city , Driv3r uses real life streets of Miami , Nice and Istanbul.While this is obviously riding on the coattails of Vice City , it would of course be a mistake to want any other game to be exactly LIKE Vice City . Why would you buy it if it was an exact duplicate ? Instead , Driv3r has you as Tanner , a FBI agent stationed in Miami , going through its real streets , getting sucked into a conspiracy.The graphics are really pretty impressive . On one hand , you get a general person-model like in Vice City - reasonably good , not Splinter Cell high quality . The clouds overhead are quite nice , the shadows falling off your car and buildlings are quite impressive.The car models , as you might expect coming from a car-driving game company , are quite spectacular . They 're all `` clones of '' - no real car licenses here - but they 're quite nice . Even better , if a car manages to blow up , the bits that go flying are quite recognizeable as well.We found the default driving view a bit annoying - it 's right `` behind '' the car so your car ends up blocking the view of what is ahead of you . We 'd rather have a high-and-behind view that gives you a better look at what you 're driving towards.There are a few shooting missions and a ton of driving missions , again as you might expect . The cut-scenes and plot are all nice to move the plot along . The voice talent is impressive - Mickey Rourke , Iggy Pop , etc.The sounds in general are quite well done . The engine sounds , squealing tires , ambient noise , soundtrack , all fit the mood . Again , this company has done driving games for many years . It 's what you would expect.There are definitely a few bugs in this game . We were driving our car in a convoy with other cops to get to a crime scene - and the cop behind us rear-ended us and drove us into a building . There are the usual random clipping problems that you get in games like these . Also , the game really expects most players to have to replay a given mission many times to get the timing down exactly right . If you make one small mistake , you miss your opportunity and lose the mission.There are fun rewatch-the-cool-part options , making this like an action movie . Many items in your world are destructable , depending on the size of what you are driving . In a small car , you can take out the smaller light poles but not the larger ones . In a large truck , just about anything is game.If you loved the driving aspects of Vice City , or other racing games in general , then Driv3r is probably a great game for you . In addition to the missions there is free driving options and mini-games to play with.If , however , you really liked the sneak-around-and-shoot missions , you probably wo n't like this one . Your money would be better spent on other shooters on the market.Still , I had great fun with this game , once I accepted that it was very perfectionist-minded and required great driving skill . The more you play , the better you get , the more fun you have !
 This is a very fun game . You can obvisouly tell a lot of time went into it , it 's just that it had some flaws that caused people to not buy it , like the fact that people will randomly sometimes fall from the sky , but bugs like that do n't happen to often for anyone to care . The music and sound effects in the game are also really good . It is also really fun to just cruise around in free mode and the graphics are pretty impressive . A couple gripes about it is that you can not shoot while driving the car . Also , it is kind of difficult for a game . Overall though , its a good game that just got overlooked .
 This game is really good . I love it . I do n't know why ESRB rated it `` M '' . It has no blood , or anything like that . They should really rate it `` T '' -LRB- teen -RRB- . GTA
 This game is an amazing game that is definately a must-have for all driving fans . Much better than any game of the GTA series . Definately worth buying for great physics , graphics , and amazing gameplay . And to the only person who did n't give this game five stars , you did n't give it five stars because you ca n't beat the level , how about you tone down the difficulty and stop making it look like a bad game just because you 're not good at it .
 after reading some harsh reviews i braved spending my hard earned money on this game . boy am i glad i bought this , its the next best thing to GTA , totally better than true crime and the getaway . the cars are very realistic and the graphics are sweet . definately worth the money , dont listen to those pro reviewers , they dont know what theyre talking about .
 Driv3r is the best game I 've played since Grand Theft Auto
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I want everybody to know that this is a must-buy ! I watched all trailers and it looks so damn good ! I wonder what its gon na be like to play ... Third , I want to share some of the features : - Drive not only cars but also Boats , trucks , go-karts and Motorcycles ! Some say there 's also a Forklift...-Great car physics , the most realistic ever ! - Great damage system . You can even shoot actual bulletholes in the car and they wont dissapear!Just a few more weeks ...
 Talk about bang for your buck . I 'm stilling playing this thing months later.The awesome crash physics make this better than other gta wannabees . The story is very interesting although there are not that many missions . But still enough for you to enjoy again and again.I wish this game had more vehicles - there are about 10 in each of the 3 cities . And they are not real licensed vehicles . Also , the police are not that intelligent as they are in GTA . . always the same crashing psychos . And you never get arrested and sent to jail . The game simply ends at that point.You get to pilot boats too but , unfortunately , no airplanes or helicopters .
 Driv3r is pretty good.Alot better than Driver 2 . The graphics are better than the GTA games.The cars look and sound good.I think that there should be many more weapons.There is no blood in the game and what SUX is that you cant drive through bushes . You will mess up your car real bad.The boats SUCK.Some look ok but the controls suck.It doesnt have realistic turns like the ones in Vice City and there are no waves i think . Oh yeah and theres no one else out ther to jack there boats.It is also kinda difficult to shoot ' hard to aim while running . There are no places to buy or go into besides your house.There should be less chasing missions because they are hard ' especially when you cant even ram the persons car over without it being like you hit a brick wall.I think that people should rent the game or wait till it comes out cheaper .
 i think driv3r is one of the best -LRB- if not the best -RRB- driving game out there . its insanely fun . i dont know how anybody could refuse this game . i agree there might be some glitches but overall its a great game .
 I just received my copy of Driver3 for my PAL system and theres just one word to describe it-amazing . A great storyline , three huge cities and a variety of cars to explore and a very nice soundtrack all make Driver3 the best of the series so far.Firstly , the gameplay is the same as that of Driver and Driver2 ; chasing down the bad guys , avoiding the police and yeah , smashing cars!Driver3 features 2 basic modes ; Undercover and free ride . I 've completed a vareity of missions and I have to say that they 're exciting aswell as fun however some tend to be quite short . Nevetheless , Driver3 does n't lose it 's charm . Secondly , the soundtrack is great with nice beats which change from scenario to scenario , for example where there is a car chase in progress expect the music to be loud and vice versa . Cineamtics add to the deep storyline and occur after every mission , so expect many!Concerning the graphics , Driver3 loses a star . The graphics do n't fully utilise the Playstation2 's capabilities and sometimes it may feel that you 're playing Driver3 on the Playstation instead of the PS2 . Nevertheless , the cinematics are very realistic and car damage is as real as you can expect ; tire 's bursting , debris flying around -LRB- I actually took a sedan underneath a parked truck and made it into a convertable ! -RRB- and real world physics.In conlusion Driver3 may feel like Dejavu ; been there , done that . Its very similar to GTA3 and Vice City but with a better story line and much more reaslim . Exploring Miami , Nice and Instanbul should keep players involved for a long-time !
 When I first got this game , I was disappointed . Why does Tanner move so stiffly ? And how bushleague are these shoot-outs ? And why is n't this more like GTA ? During the second mission -LRB- Chasing Baccus -RRB- , this game was making me think that this game played like the perfectionist Stuntman and that made me angry . The mission kept failing cuz I was TWO blocks away ! Frustrated , I was thinking of all of the ways that I could offload this game ASAP . And then ... I really started playing this game and putting time into it and then I came to the realization that this game is n't supposed to be GTA . Originally , my mind deceived me because Driver 3 starts out in Miami -LRB- much like Vice City -RRB- and it seems like a free-ride game , with your character carjacking and riding motorcycles and boats . But , IT 'S NOT GTA ! That 's the problem that people who dis this game have . Stop comparing it to GTA ! CUZ IT 'S NOT ! True , this game is not perfect -- the on-foot missions are more similar to Max Payne , and sometimes , the game is a little too unforgiving . But now that I 've spent time to actually figure out why the game reviewers were from one extreme -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- to another -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- and nothing in-between . To me , the bad reviewers could n't give this game a chance on its own merits without reference to the GTA series . That 's why I give this game a 7.5-8 out of 10 . Driver 3 is more like Sony 's The Getaway which had some severe flaws in the gameplay but overall was still a good game .
 ... that is , IF you are able to understand that different games are DIFFERENT GAMES . Ive been a long time fan of the driver series and the gta series & love both , but all of these reviews comparing it to gta are misleading . I went against the reviews & bought it & was glad i did ! If you like the previous driver games , you will not be dissapointed with the 3rd ! The missions arent as simple as some may say , & theyre interesting as well as the story line . The handling of the cars is just like the previous driver games , great weapons , so Ive been very happy with this one . I was almost instantly addicted . My one & only very very minor complaint is that your character could run a little faster than he does , but it doesnt cause any game play issues , id just like to run faster . So yes , Driver fans buy this game & overlook any review that complains that its not grand theft auto ! ... because it is not grand theft auto , its DRIV3R & its well worth the money .
 I would recomend this game for anyone at least over ten because their is shooting in it . The cities that you drive in are very detialed and you can drive not only cars , but trucks , boats , and motorcycles . Extremely fun !
 Have you ever thought of street racing ? EA sports has done it again with Driver Three . Better than before it has all of the things that you could think a game could have . And more great stuff you will enjoy.The graphics are more realistic and better graphics then before . People look just like you and me.This game has the shortest loading time than any game . I have tested many different games and that proves it.Free will is a option in driver 3 . You can get out of your car or truck and go stealing stuff and many more . -LRB- ... -RRB- Out of all the game I have ever had this on a challenged me the most . This game is rated m for mature because of the gore and hard graphics this game puts me in action .
 Have you ever thought of street racing ? EA sports has done it again with Driver Three . Better than before it has all of the things that you could think a game could have . And more great stuff you will enjoy.The graphics are more realistic and better graphics then before . People look just like you and me.This game has the shortest loading time than any game . I have tested many different games and that proves it.Free will is a option in driver 3 . You can get out of your car or truck and go stealing stuff and many more . -LRB- ... -RRB- Out of all the game I have ever had this on a challenged me the most . This game is rated m for mature because of the gore and hard graphics this game puts me in action .
 Here is a quick review of the game . Before I got this game , i was looking on the driver 3 website . When i was on the site , the game trailers looked really bad . Then , i went into the message boards , and i saw all the good replys to Ataris `` Driver 3 '' I went out and rented the game , and let me say this . THIS GAME IS AWESOME . The sound is amazing , for example when a car blows up . You can never get as much detail on things like buildings compared to grand theft auto . Its all the little things that make a game good like graphics . When you get close to a persons face in grand theft auto -LRB- gta -RRB- it blods out . In driver 3 , the details just increase instead of blodding . When a car blows up , it creates a massive debree on the streets . finally , one of my most favorite features that i cant find in grand theft auto , MEMORY . This is what i mean . Lets say you blow up a cop car , and leave it in the middle of the road . You decide to go on the other side of miami . When you go back to the same location where you were before , after walking away from it , it would still be there . Well , thats my review of driver 3 . DONT EVEN BOTHER RENTING IT , YOUR GON NA LIKE IT . - -LRB- ... -RRB-
 When people take one look at this game they think it 's just a spin off of grand theft auto . Well first of all thats not true because driver has been out sence 1998 so it came out before Grand Theft auto . This game is going to almost be the same exept you will be able to have guns when you get out of the car and you will be able to get out of the car when you are getting away from the police . You have new cars such as muscle cars ,4 by4 's , motercycles , sports cars , police cars , police patrol boats and many more . There are three new levels . Pitsquare , Miami Florda , and Istanbul . This driver will still be a third person shooter game . Also when you 're in the car you are alawed to do a drive by . This game will be in stores Late March . If you want to get any info for a game email me at Natelibby@earthlink.net
 All of these people who write a review for this game that even mention Grand Theft Auto should just be dis-regarded . Driver 2 was the first game to allow you to get out of your car & steal another one ... our mute friend from Liberty City was the second.Now , on with the review.Driver 3 is basically an action movie fan 's dream . You do n't just play Tanner , you * are * Tanner . To be able to walk out of the back of your house , hop into you speedboat , and go to another island without a loading screen keeps the illusion . Not being able to target enemies & aiming on your own builds your skill as a marksman in the game instead of just shooting wildly at your enemy.Yes , there is a lot of driving in the game , but the game is n't called Driver
 Dont waste your money on this game after beating the levels this game is horrible . The Free run mode is not even fun the cops ar n't even a challenge if you want a better game like this get Grand Theft Auto Vice city .
 This game is so good no it 's excellent I ca n't wait for it to come out . -LSB- Some one -RSB- said Driv3r will not be good he says it should have 300 + cars , 70 + weapons Etc I definitly do n't agree , belive me it might only have 8 weapons but it 's going to be good!Writen by Compact
 Driver 1 , Driver 2 , Driver 3 and now this Driver 4 : Parallel Lines is coming , but little is known about it all i know is you are this time a REAL criminal called The Kid is taking Tanners ` place as main character who is hired to a gang in New York City back in 1978 . In Driver 3 -LRB- aka DRIV3R -RRB- we saw that Atari and Reflections wanted to get Grand Theft Auto games out so bad they forgot the heart of Drivers ` gameplay driving because alot of time in it is spent on the footpath not the roads.But they have came back to shoot , trying to fix there problems.every Driver/GTA fan know these two hate each other , when GTA was a flat 2D serial back from ` 97 - ` 99 and at the time Atari and Ref . games made Driver -LRB- now called Driver 1 -RRB- to be able to make `` Your own '' driving movie was great they used special FX of car damage , crash noises , the Cops and all of that were great , Then the creators decided to add a bit more to the crime and style as Driver 2 became the very first game to be able to skip your car and steal a pedestrians ` car in 3D glory but never dropped that movie feel -LRB- however they did drop graphics -RRB- but RockStar Games felt stupid as they were low selling on their original GTA games as they had lame carnage 2D games that never left a mark on the PlayStation fame -LRB- like Metal Gear Solid 1 , Resident Evil , Silent Hill , Medal Of Honor ect . -RRB- that both Driver games got , however RockStar Games did retaliate in 2001 by creating GTAIII that put Drivers ` driving physics and movements and 3D graphics , with original GTA style gameplays , and better graphics for PS2 which made Driver 2 look like a training version of GTAIII then forgot about The Driver games and made GTA : Vice City and made it look as the ONE seies only , also calling games like The GetaWay and TrueCrime their `` Clones '' but really The Getaways creators SONY actually idolized the Driver games and Activisions TrueCrime wanted to mix Driver and The Getaway into a formular -LRB- that never hit success though -RRB- , the true `` Clone '' of GTA is The Simpsons : Hit N Run i guess which is popular.But Driver wanted revenge on RS games by sending Driver 3 to the field but due to flaws it was defeated.also RockStar Games made GTA : San Andreas which also adopted DRIV3Rs best improvement , swimming so Driver 3 has been defeated purely by RockStar there.So now for Driver 4 : Parallel Lines takes the streets of NYC , And it looks amazing but i hope Driver does get equal with GTA at least or does stumble above them and surely GTA : Liberty City Stories wo n`t stand a chance as its for a handheld PSP con . and will have fuzzy graphics and a few tech . probs but i ` m not insulting them as it does look kinda good.Thats not all the controvercy to it there has been reports of actually humilliating each other like in a GTA mission called `` 2 Faced Tanner '' where you kill an undercover cop , blatantly taking the piz $ s out of the Driver games but also in DRIV3R there are these minigames where you have to kill 10 men named Timmy Vermicellies that strongly resembles Tommy Vercettie from GTA : Vice City and one of them is in water wearing armbands laughing at the fact you can not swim in Grand Theft Auto as you only drown to death -LRB- until GTA : San Andreas that adopted this feature -RRB- So i hope Driver games do get their own back on GTA with Driver 4 : Parallel Lines which ` ll be better then its failed DRIV3R but good luck to RS games on GTA : LCS because i ` m a fan of both series.If both companies RockStar games and Atari joined together to make a crime/driving game it Would kick the heck out of both seperate series -LRB- GTA AND DRIVER -RRB- and call it Grand Drive or if not a total different name , That would be great , but again good luck to both games Driver 4 and GTA : L.C.SSO BYE and enjoy these or any games !!!!!! GRAND THEFT AUTO VS. DRIVER WHICH WILL WIN ?
 One reviewer said this game was about DRIVING and that 's true , Now I do n't have `` One of the most ... '' but `` THE MOST AMAZING REPLAYS '' . I 'm spending HOURS with this gorgeous game just on the replay section , if you could only see them
 this game is so cool i cant believe it 's only30 .00 $ the graphics are so awesomethe guns are sweet and the places areawesome and you are undercover it is so coolbuy it totally .
 To be honest some people may jump to horrible comparisons when they start to play Driv3r because ... IT DOES NOT PLAY LIKE GTA or they experience some minor bugs ! Yes there are those of you out there who will have to learn that the triangle button does not get you in and out off cars , that Tanner jumps a bit odd , that there are some game crashes , glitches and moments when things do n't happen quite like they should ... yet with A.I this sophisticated , with so many possibilities because of the highly detailed and semi-destructible environments and certainly destructible vehicles - that to tune this game to perfection would probably mean waiting for the PS3 to come out . There is no doubt - no other game has pushed the limits of a gaming experience like Driv3r . The Getaway had similar problems on release with its glitches but Driv3r is nothing like that horrible experience and is more akin to that cherry you got popped when you stuck the Vice City disk into the machine -LRB- as if VC did not have some glitches too -RRB- . Also please remember that if it was not for Driver 1 + 2 we would not have had the 3D GTA series . GTA 3D was spawned by the Driver series . Div3r has now taken the lead . It deserves it too.There are 3 full scale cities -LRB- Miami , Nice and Istanbul - all WOW ! WOW ! BIG WOW ! -RRB- . Tanner has a choice of several weapons including a rocket launcher that virtually blows up everything except some buildings . There are , however , no sniper riffles ! I can maybe understand why games this realistic do not have sniper riffles but my only real crib with this game is that is has no zooms . A pair of binoculars with a zoom feature would not have gone amiss ! Tanner can swim ! So no more drowning deaths ! The vehicle destruction systems and world physics in this game are as good as they will get on the PS2 . When this thing hits the PC it will probably be awesome . The driving is as realistic as Grand Turismo and is not too far away from matching the graphics found in Need for Speed
 First of all , I 've heard a lot of people labeling this as a `` GTA offshoot . '' Let somebody who is actually educated on videogames to correct this false statement . The first two Driver games came out when GTA was still in its little , cutesy 2d stage . There I said it . Now all you GTA fanboys know ... so get over it , and move on from your little `` oh look at me , I 'm so grown-up , because I play violent games '' GTA phase . I 've said all that any of you deserve to hear from me .
 I 've had this game for about a year , and I am still stuck on the `` chase '' games . I have n't tried the missions at all because the chase games have been way too much fun . There are some incredibly funny quirks in the game , like watching the chase car or your own car fly or flip in ways that are unrealistic , or when the chase car gets confused when it goes where it is n't expected to go . It is frustrating when your car gets `` harpooned '' by a tree or telephone pole and you are unable to free yourself from that state , but it does n't happen very often . Despite these `` bugs '' , the game is still a lot of fun and each time I play it , I know it will be different than the last time . Maybe the quirks make it that much more different . LOL . Like I said , I have been stuck on the `` chase '' games . There is a lot more to Driv3r than that , but I 'm having too much fun to try everything else . I have the first two Driver games as well , but I have n't gone back to them since I started playing this one . Chasing what appears to be a Trans-Am reminds me of my old crazy days driving a Camaro , back when cops did n't try to kill you if you ran from them . I love the Driver series of games .
 I love this game its a bundle of fun and should only be rated Teen you can drive any car you want a convirtable a normal car a truck an SUV a taxi cab semi with trailer city bus boats motor bikes and police cars.great picture on the TV screen tons of fun for any age eassy controlls
 There are a lot of negative reviews for this game out there , which really surprised me after I bought the game and found that it aint actually all that bad . With the massive improvements from the original driver games I was expecting a completely different style of game , but a lot of the old features still remain the same . The game feels exactly like the old driver games , the cars drive the same , the game flows like the first two and a lot of the missions are very similar . The only problem with this however is that a lot of bugs still exist in the game , making it rather annoying at times . One example is that occasionally when you try to get off a speed boat , you can just fall dead on the floor for no apparent reason , which can be really annoying when you 're halfway through a level!However the graphics on this game are excellent for any PS2 game , especially during the FMV sequences . There are three new maps which include Nice , Maimi and Istanbul which are incredibly detailed even in the backdrops and are apparently accuarate representations of the real cities . The extra features in the game are the ability to drive whatever you like which opens up a whole new range of missions , most of which are interesting and fit in well with the story line.The mistake many people are making is comparing this game to grand theft auto . Of course the game is very similar in a lot of ways , but it obviously isnt grand theft auto . Its clear to see that there isnt quite as many things to do on driver in comparrison , but thats why you have to just take it as it is . There is an option to take a ride and just cause havoc around the city which gives you a similar freedom as in grand theft auto , but during the actual game the missions are often quick , specific and follow a structure , as in you know what you have to do so you do it . The storyline is a bit loose too , but keeps you interested enough to care . Overall this is good game and a big improvement on the original drivers , but if your looking for another grand theft auto game you wont find it in this . It has its unique qualities though , such as no swearing and unnessecary violence if your not into that kind of thing , and a load of comparitively different missions , a lot of which maintain the old driver standard of difficulty , but keep you excited enough to keep trying until you finally do it . Generally though the game isnt quite a hard as the first two . My opinion , take away grand theft auto and you 've got a great game here .
 This game was the BOMB because it had good gunz and good bikes it has no blood and no bad language the cars are good u can go to places like miami F.L and other places around the world but I would buy this game again . A + + + + +
 this game is good , graphic = san andreas , whicj its not but its only 19.99 so get it
 I DO and DO NOT agree with the reviewers here . Driver is not a bad game and it has some flaws too . It 's true , it came out with a BIG opponent -LRB- GTA , Vice city -RRB- . BUT let 's not forget Driver is a Driving Game . You get a lot of fun out of it , since it 's not based on competition but on a storyline . The minigames are difficult but fun.PROS
 This is the best game ever . It has awsome graphics , realistic damage , and good guns . I like GTA but Driv3r is WAY better . It has realistic graphics unlike GTA 's cartoonish graphics , you can go swimming , and instead of spending 6 months on a game like Rockstar , Reflections Spent 4 YEARS on this game . If you like car chases and the freedom like GTA except with way better cars and graphics you should defintly check this game out .
 Driv3r is realy a super game !!! I have bin on your website like 40 times.I heard that the game coming 1 july but i ca n't wait!I already have Driver1 , Driver2 and Stuntman.but than i read in Power Unlimited a couple of months ago thatdiver3 is coming.But when i buy Stuntman and watch the trailer from Reflections next project i think by my self i must have it !!! Diver3 is the game for me , it 's a dream come true !
 Im getting a new game . I had no idea whatsoever on what game i should buy . Maybe and adventure game or a shooting game , then it came down to either red dead revolver or Driver 3 . I decided driver 3 . Why ? basically it was growman from greenland that got me hooked . After reading his review i started to think . This game would be awsome to play for a long time without getting boring thanks to the freeride mode . The diffrent cities , wepons and running on foot . Plus after seeing the movie training day im really hyped up to play a video game were ur an undercover cop or dirty cop driving around big cities such as miami . Crusing around in the freeride mode plus playing the game with an amazing story line -LRB- it has to be amazing since the storylines for 1 and 2 were -RRB- will allow me to do just that harrasing criminals , gunning them down , and breaking the law while I 'm at it . Im excited about exploring Miami and following an adventerous story line . So thanks growman from greenland even though other peoples reviews were poor your review helped me see things about this game more clearly . I belive that driver 3 will be an excellent adventure/action/roleplaying -LRB- with the freeride !!! -RRB- game ... or should i get ... red dead revolver ... . let me know
 There is much more to like about Driv3r than to dislike about it . When I first piched it up , I thought there were some problematic bugs like clipping issuesthat would make the game stink , but these turned out only to affect gameplay at odd times , few and far between.The cities are all huge , with many secrets , alleys , and shortcuts . Each car you see can be driven , and most of the boats . This leads to an almost infinite replay value , because of all the different things you can do with each car . There is an astounding amount of detail in the cities , with readable posters on walls and many signs , trees , and types of people.The damage modeling is also incredible . Most all of the body panels can be smashed off , and the tires can be shot out.I like the in-car game much beter than out and shooting , since the game is called Driver . That said , the enemy AI for combat is pretty simple , and is not too difficult to defeat.The reply editor is almost a game in itself , with just about any thinkable thing able to be filmed from where ever you want it.The problems I have identified are these
 Driver 3 is the best game i 've played so far in my paystation life . The graphics are cool , damage is wicked-awesome and the explosions are so fun to watch . The only sad thing about this game is that it 's only one player . IT 'S WORTH THE MONEY !! BUY IT !!
 Yes . You heard me right . This is better than VICE CITY . If you have been waiting for the new GTA then be prepared to cream yourself with this in the meantime . Why ? Here are ten reasons .1 . The car crash physics in Driv3r are mind blowing . Let me repeat that - MIND BLOWING .2 . The graphics simply MASH anything else on the PS2 including Vice City .3 . When things blow up they BLOW UP into lots of pieces .4 . By holding L1 and R1 together you get this cool slo-mo effect . This is insane when you ride a truck on fire that is ready to blow up , off a ramp and into a building and then jump out while doing it all in slow mo. 5 . REPLAY MODE with a MANUAL DIRECTOR . Include this with the above and you got ... WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW !!! 6 . The cities are massive .7 . The SOUND is 100 % top notch .8 . Unlike GTA , Driv3r is less like a cartoon and is played more like reality .9 . The MAP and navigation system is so much easier .10 . There is much more functions in this game than in Vice City.To put it this way - imagine the car physics in THE GETAWAY x 10000 ! + all the violence and madness of GTA + Grand Turismo type driving + a SOLID STORY.In short this is the BEST GAME EVER on the PS2.GET IT.PLAY IT.BE IT.U-N-R-E-A-L is the final word on this thing .
 man !!! i do n't know y every1 is givin this game a av . rating ... this game is awesomeit haz its little bugs and control probz but itz cool ... herez some of the negative and positive thingz on this game . . ok , 1st the positive : ... the graphicz of this game is pretty good ... itz not the best but itz pretty good ... the lighting on the ` dawn ' mode thing iz good ... the games seperate missionz are cool ... like when your done with the game u can still play it ... the missions are pretty good . . so iz the storyline ... the different vehicles option iz cool ... the detail of the buildings are cool . . along with the roads and city structure ... the soundtrack of driver 3 iz well put together ... the movie videos are awesome ... the crash sequences are cool ... i mean awesome ... reallyand now the negative ... well , this gamez controlz for when youre runnin around kinda sux ... this game costz 49 $ $ $ ... when ure swimmin sometimes u cant get out of the water and have to start over againso , i think u should buy this game ... forget about the 49 bucks ... its worth ititz a cool game!get it rightaway
 This game is really fun . Just going on a free ride , stealing cars , shooting people , and SWIMMING . Yes , you can actually swim in this game . They better put that in GTA
 THE BEST GAME EVER ! ITS gta cept with better stuff , like you can beat the crap out of cars and bullet holes show when you shoot a car , the locations are LARGE Miami Nice and Instabul . sure it has some flaws like the aiming controls and the poles are annoying when you crash into them , theres no blood either . but what i do know is that this game is the best game ever ... but we will see how good gt 4 is .
 Ok , let me start by saying that I have played alot of action-driving games and this is definately one of the best . It does copy GTA Vice City a little bit but I do n't realy mind . I think that Tanner 's ability to swim is awesome and I have only one negative coment about the game ; there is no turning signal . Let me finish this review on a posative note , the graphics are prety to very good and the driving is very realistic . I bought the game and I have no regrets .
 Driver 3 is perhaps the best video game I have ever played . I mean whoever doesnt like Driver 3 probably plays Japenese Anime games .
 do get this game better than grand theft and max payen put together you get weapons , better cars , last but not least better graphics do get it the first day no time to waste
 This game forsure is going to be the best one yet . Exceptfor one thing , theres no multiplayer ! Dissapointed . To bad.I heard you can drive mopeds , boats , and I think people saidyou can drive bikes ? You can go into buildings and thereshundreds of miles to drive on !!! And its coming out on Junefirst , 2004 . I ca n't wait !!!
 Driver 3 is a really good game . It is just like grand theft auto without the blood gore and swearing . Grand theft auto is a better game so if u can choose get grand theft auto . this game is fun but there isnt much to do rather then kill people and the 10 Timmys . in story mode the missions are pretty much the same . This game is too expensive for what it is so rent it or wait until GTA San andreas comes out and buy that one.And the person who said he had a very rare movie is an idiot cause its not rare at all . and its ryan not Ron . Not much of a driver fan now are you ?
 Have you ever thought of street racing ? EA sports has done it again with Driver Three . Better than before it has all of the things that you could think a game could have . And more great stuff you will enjoy.The graphics are more realistic and better graphics then before . People look just like you and me.This game has the shortest loading time than any game . I have tested many different games and that proves it.Free will is a option in driver 3 . You can get out of your car or truck and go stealing stuff and many more.Driver 3 only cost $ 40.00 which is better then most games on market today . Most game cost up to 50.00 to 55.00 dollars not driver three.Out of all the game I have ever had this on a challenged me the most . This game is rated m for mature because of the gore and hard graphics this game puts me in action .
 The graphics suck You ca n't watch the road while your driving because of the lame camera view the only thing you can see is the back of your car . The Veichle handling sucks and all you do is drive.I know its called driver but if you get weapons you should be able to use them and there are only about 3 missions where you are able to the game sucks do n't blow your money wait for gta san andreas to come out
 my bro 's friend bought Driver and he used to come over to play it like everyday in the summer . then we bought Driver2 when that came it out , and it was even better because u could steal other cars . NOW , Driv3r is coming out June 1 , and i ca n't wait ! i love the driver series cuz they are so fun to just wander around the city and crash into other cars . now there are better games to play , but not anymore . Driver is back boyz and u betta watch out !
 I think this is a fun game.But I think you are pricing it to much.If pepole do not have a `` X-BOX '' they can not play it so when they go to buy a `` X-BOX '' they will not be abel to buy this game becuse they will not have some more green My advies I 'm not being meil is to lower the price if you whu n't some green.The game is not educational that much but it teches you how to drive.I am 8 . sencery , caleb steinbacher
 DRIV #R is definetely a great game . The cars handle like butta , and look sweet along with it . You can really blow up a car in this game hella mad pimpin . The missions r hard at first , but you 'll get used to it . It ' sh hard to aim your guns , but grows on you . The graphics are frigin ossome , -LRB- awesome ? -RRB- and it is a good game . BUy it
 this game is awsome ! it is the best game ever ! i love it and u will to once u buy it . now on to what it is like . there is now guns in this game , awsome cheats , the best graphics , a few glitches but that is ok and u can even swim ! there is much more stuff in this game than what is written here . dont beleive those other reviews because this is all u need
 When I put this game in I played the take a ride mode an thought Holy S *** . Best game EVER . It is a mix between True Crime
 Driv3r is not about the storyline . Its not about the graphics ... Heck ... Its not even about the cars.Driv3r is all about the free-roaming world . For example in Miami , did you know that there is a hidden Go-Kart Track ? Or that in Istanbul there is a Drawbridge the size of the empire state building that can be opened up at any time ? -LRB- Extremely fun -RRB- If you play this game as much as I do , The glitches are what makes it very fun ... If you have never played this game get yourself the cheatcode that unlocks everything and go crazy in the Take a ride mode . That is where the fun is .
 Anybody who has played the Driver games and GTA will love Driv3r as the second best thing that has come out on PS2 yet . Although there are some game crashes -LRB- as with GTA : Vice City but a little more here -RRB- because the A.I. is so sophisticated . With so many possibilities because of the highly detailed and semi-destructible environments and certainly destructible vehicles - that to tune this game to perfection , without crashes would probably mean waiting for the PS3/XBOX2 to come out or the PC VERSION ! There is no doubt - no other game has pushed the limits of a console gaming experience like Driv3r -LRB- PC Half-Life 2 rulez all -RRB- . The Getaway had similar problems on release with its glitches but Driv3r is nothing like that horrible experience and is more akin to that cherry you got popped when you stuck the Vice City disk into the machine . Also please remember that if it was not for Driver 1 + 2 we would not have had the 3D GTA series !!!! GTA 3D was spawned by the Driver series !!!! Div3r has now developed nicely ... It deserves it too ... and to be honest I am looking forward to Driver 4 . There are 3 full scale cities -LRB- Miami , Nice and Istanbul - all WOW ! WOW ! BIG WOW ! -RRB- and I believe the detail is a little better than GTA
 From my point of view , Driv3r is an exceptional game . It offers sleek graphics , and groundbreaking gameplay . I found this game to be very entertaining but be warned it is addictive . I reccomend this game to any one who likes a great combonation of driving and crime.Gino giandurcoGamepro -LRB- No system difference -RRB-
 First this game it totaly better than vice city and san andreas . Plus the driving in driver 3 is much better . No s % % % surelock it says drver 3 on the package . Also the shoting is just as good and better than GTA . In GTA u have to hold to many buttons and u do n't even have to aim because it does it for you . Next GTA has to much blood , guts , and gore when Driver 3 dose n't . Plus GTA is racest against all races . And there is no swearing at all in Driver 3 when GTA says all kinds of junk that is n't even worth saying . Next GTA San andreas is to expensive when Driver 3 is going down in price . All in all Driver 3 is more appropeate then GTA and Driver 3 should not even should be rated M . But GTA should be rated A for adult.I 'm very and totaly obssed with Driver 3 . Got to go and play more
 I 've bought this game about a week ago and its the BEST !! It is kinda hard at first , but you 'll get used to it . It only took me about 5 days to beat it . And the best about it is that you can listen to your own music . So buy this game today and trust me , you wo n't regret . PEACE OUT !!!
 I have read some of other reviews from people and I think they 're being way too harsh . I think driv3r is an extremely fun game with decent graphics and great gameplay . People are saying that the controls suck , and I do agree that they are DIFFERENT , but you just have to get used to them like any other DIFFERENT games . I would hardly call these guys gamers , if you are a video gamer then you would just get used to the controls like any other hardcore or even good normal gamers . Anyway , I think DRIV3R is a great game for any console , right next to GTA : Pros : - Fun driving system with variety of vechicles-Good graphics-Cool and interesting undercover mode-Hard to get used to , but fun on-foot gameplay and controls-Highly fun Take A Ride modeCons : - Graphics suffer glitches at times-Sometimes frustrating story mode-No multiplayer
 -LSB- 8/10 -RSB- Driv3r is a fun game . Its better than the reviewing websites like IGN , or GameSpot give it credit for . I will admit that the on-foot controlls are not the BEST , but they work . The driving portion is great however , and besides , the game is part of the DRIVER series . On top of that the story is pretty good , and you have three large cities -LRB- Miami , Nice , and Instanbul -RRB- to explore . If your into Grand Theft Auto , or liked the first two Driver 's , I think you should give it a try . I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it .
 First off , I 'm not a hard-core gamer I just play when theres nothing else to do . I normally play racing games and occassionaly halo . So far , from what I 've played I really enjoy this game . I like being able to just walk around and then the ease of getting a vehicle :D Overall ... good game
 When this game first came out I had fun with it for hours just stealing cars , crashing them , shooting them , and getting chased by the police in places like Chicago , Istanbul , and Nice . The graphics are actually pretty good still to this day , the crash damage on your vehicle is believable , the shooting mechanics work great , and stealing cars is a cinch . However there are problems that mar this game like
 comparing driver3 -LRB- not the stupid DRIV3R -RRB- to gta is redundant.even though everyone wanted this to be the next step in the gta evolution its important to remember that driver started this genre ... as a matter of fact if you look at credits for the early driver game you 'll see sam housers name -LRB- of gta -RRB- . anyone who has played driver 1 and 2can see driver three as the natural evolution to the driver series.with driver 1 we got mission based driving . . with driver 2 we got curved streets and the ability to get out of the car and `` jack '' other cars . . then GTA picked up on this idea and became the pinnacle for this genre.Now we have driver 3 ... is it better than GTA ? ... absolutly NOT ... is it better than driver 1 and 2 ... a resounding YES!the game is not flawless it has several graphical errors ... not to mention that the developers must have thought the game was too short because rather than adding more missions they added extra `` CHEAP FACTOR '' ... MORE TIMES THAN NOT YOU WILL FAIL A MISSION FOR NO APPARENT REASON ... IE.IF I CAN SEE THE CAR I 'M CHASING I HAV N'T LOST THEM.after beating the missions i was prepared to trade in my copy but then i tried out the take a ride mode . now this is more like it . the missions only let you see about a third of what each city has to offer ... take a ride gives you alot of what i expected from driver3 ... there are various hidden items all over the town as well as buildings to go into and explore . New vehicles and many more reasons to make this a keeper ... i ca n't say that about THE GETAWAY OR TRUE CRIME ... THOSE WERE TRADED AS SOON AS I BEAT THEM.driver 3 is entertaining if you liked driver 1 and 2 you will enjoy this ... if the only game you enjoy is gta ... well , then you are narrow minded ...
 i bought this game when it first came out . When i first got it i couldent stop playin it it is a pretty fun game but some missions are hard im so stuck on the mission dodge island . I like the cars bc most are classsic like the mustang , the camaro , the cobra and many more.pros + great cars + guns are cool + graphics are awesome + charecaters are all coolcons-the cops come after u for just speeding , running red lights hiting a cop car and some more-soundtrack sux-the controls are a little bit hard to master
 I must be one of the only people that finds GTA not that fun . When I played 3 and Vice City , I got bored of the game in like 5 minutes . My main complaint is the driving physics . I thought Driver 3 is a better game because the driving physics are great . People may get frustrated becuase they have to master how to do power slides and and use the ebrake but I believe it makes the game more fun . If you do n't then you will never catch people . The driving A.I. is great I think . When someone is fleeing from you they are not just going to drive straight and slowly make right and left turns . They make sharp turns and weave in and out of trafic . It 's just like controling the case car in a movie . I do however agree with the others that trying to shoot people was hard , but I got used to it pretty fast . Overall I would recogmend this game .
 Driver 3 is a driving adventure game that plays like an interactive movie . It is a worthy sequel to the earlier Driver games . It has cinematic gameplay and great graphics on three open city environments . There are issues with video glitches , control issues , locked-up consoles , etc. but most of the time it is a lot of fun . You also have the `` Take a Ride '' mode for easy driving practice . The mini-games allow for replay value even after you beat the game . If the game had less glitches , we would be talking an easy 5 star rating . The PC version should be even better .
 hmmm how can i put this this game ... is Good ... Undercover is just stupid I mean its always the same thing !!!!! The CArs look great and react to crashes realisticly ... but besides the driving this game sux well it is called driver ... but on foot is hard to control and aim ... well at least you can swim unlike GTA ... If you like driving games Get this -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The game is very good . The game is not as bad as other people say . The on foot is okay not bad the driving is the strong point of the game . The fmv 's are realy good feels like your in a movie . so if you want to buy it buy it it 's worth your money .
 Driver 3 looks incredible . This time around you can actually use guns . You can also enter buildings . The first Driver rocked for PC . But Driver 2 sucked . I do n't think this game might have what it takes to topple crime game giants like the GTA series .
 When Driv3r came out , people were expecting flawless driving physics , and ` Dukes of Hazard ' - esque gameplay . What the game turned out to be , in my opinion , is much better than what I expected , although it is far less realistic than I had anticipated.It 's almost as if video game magazines and websites have been paid-off by Rockstar Games to say as many terrible , generalizing things about Driv3r as they can . I 'm going to clarify the untrustworthy comments by these publishers by saying this ; Driv3r is mediocre in its mission mode , but kicks ass otherwise.Driv3r could be considered better than GTA just because of the many outstanding features it boasts . The mission mode is pretty standard ; run through levels shooting moderately intelligent enemies , and chase after those enemies in cars . I think the mission mode is the lousiest part of the game , but what makes this game one of my favorites are its free-roaming and replay editing modes . In the free-roaming mode , your character is allowed to explore 3 vast , extremely detailed cities down to the very last street corner . The player can hijack any vehicle he/she wants to -LRB- as opposed to a handful of boats floating in piers -RRB- enter tons of buildings , and cause the expected GTA-like havoc players crave . What impresses me the most about the free-roaming mode is it allows the player the ability to swim in the ocean and in swimming pools ; not only that , but the player does not immediately die when he/she drives his/her car into water ... he/she can simply get out of the car before it sinks and swim to safety . The physics are unrealistic , but nonetheless some of the best I 've seen ; the cars and environments are extremely interactive , and this interaction is as tweaked to perfection as a person could expect in this day and age . The graphics are ASTOUNDING as well , but what completes the free-roaming mode is the player 's ability to edit the replay to whatever specifications desired.The replay editor , which lets the player clip apart and redo their entire run , allows players to put certain parts into slow motion , add motion blurs , and place the cameras wherever they want at any given time in the replay . One can then share their replays with other players via Xbox live . The replay editor is a valuable innovation in the video game industry that other companies need to pay strong attention to.To simplify my review , I 'm going to list the goods and bads of Driv3r , so as to make it easier for people to get a clear idea of what kind of game Driv3r is.The good : - Impressive graphics-Complicated yet arcade-style physics-Massive , detailed environments-Fast cars-Fun weapons-The ability to swim-Real-time lighting-Tons of indoor and outdoor localesThe Bad : - Annoying Mission mode-Aliasing is bad at times -LRB- though rarely -RRB- - Plenty of cars , but not nearly as many as GTA-Cars do n't go through street lightsThe Ugly : - Driv3r is a game far too many people have been misinformed aboutAs long as one can look past the lousy mission mode , I guarantee any gamer will be satisfied with driv3r . It 's the open-ended , versatile and solid gameplay that gamers look for nowadays . Buy a copy of Driv3r , and help Atari and Reflections know they 've made an excellent game , so they 'll continue to do so . Oh yeah , and buy it on Xbox . The Xbox version is the best of all 3 .
 Im astonished at all the bad reviews for this game . The nightime driving is gourgeous.The chase 's are definately HARD !! but who wants to buy a game thats easy ??? I still beat this game in 4 days ... TOO SHORT . But it was VERY challenging driving scenes , I think all the tires have butter on them . . hah ha . But with that said I still loved this game . This game is definately for seasoned veterans , as it is hard for some novice gamers who get frustrated easily , even myself wanted to smash my controller in frustration from the chase missions . I took a lot of time in the TAKE A RIDE area to get used to the driving physics of this game . If this game had more free roam missions like GTA , It might 've gotten game of the year award . As far as aiming I had no problems . -LRB- note -RRB- you can turn on auto aiming in options if its too hard for ya , and I did notices gangsters ducking behind cars . Here 's an unlimted ammo cheat . . at main menu press..RT-RT-LT-LT-X-Y-Y ... also ... all weapons cheat..LT-LT-X-Y-Y-RT-RT . . then the cheat menu will open . . hope this helps out you frustrated gamers.P.S This game did freeze on me sometmes . All in all a solid game . But I 'd wait for it to come down in price , or buy it used .
 This game is difficult and takes a while to get used to . But it 's worth it . Now if you do n't like driving or let alone difficult games then do n't even bother reading on.Like the previous Driver games , there is storymode where you drive from one location to another . The missions are quite difficult which takes alot of practice . Some you might be repeating more than a couple of times -LRB- especially towards the end of the game -RRB- . There is also a new feature that they added . Unlike the previous games , you can use weapons . This makes the game more realistic other than driving the whole time.The graphics are just beautiful . It seems like you 're really there and the explosions of the cars are just fun to watch . Another good thing is the music . And not just the game music , I mean your own music . The only problem is everytime you repeat a mission the music plays from the beginning again and again . It can get annoying.Overall , this game is worth it , but it 's definitely a challenge and takes alot of practice . But if you can handle that , then I suggest you buy this game immediatly . -LRB- my opinion for XBox -RRB-
 Driver : You are the Wheelman :1999 , the PS1 got a huge game put on the console that had free to roam driving , introduction to the DRIVER series.DRIVER 2 : Yep-i consider this a PS1 classic , SCREW GTA1 and GTA2-they were the biggest embarrasments the PS1 have expeirenced.the only ppl who would call them Classic are GTA fanboys or ppl with mental issues.D2 was the first game in 3D for you to be able to jack cars of the sunday drivers-people the 3D age is the new age-and its sik how people forgot Driver 2 . DRIV3R : Not really much of a step-it was badly recieved by gamers since it was n`t good.fucussed more on trying to beat GTA3 and so on then being driver itself.DRIVER : PARALLEL LINES : Weird name but the names unusual and i like non-common namesPeople PLEASE do n`t criticise the game for not `` Beating GTA '' as its going to return to the Driver roots since DRIV3R was a big dissapointment.You can do what you did in D1 , D2 and D3 but the story is more about driving then GTA style things.Driving away from the cops never get boring , chaffeur the gold heads around and bank robbers , tail rivals , use yourself as bait and lead others into death traps.If you are interested in DRIVER and want a GTA style game-get DRIV3R if you want a more rubber burning driving style game-get Driver : Parallel Lines when it comes out.D : PL has everything its predessors had so if you feel like GTA style freedom go on the infamous `` Take A Ride '' . If you want DRIVER history get Driver 1 and Driver 2 from the ole PS1.So when D : PL comes out do n`t expect anything to rival GTA-Just expect classic driving action.i expect this game on GameSpot and IGN to get atleast 8.2 . I do have a question about this game though ... Where is Tanner exactly now we take the role of someone else an 18 year old called TK who in the first part of the game is an 18 year old but soon in the game goes to jail for 20 years and gets out and starts criminal activty again.My guess is that Tanner busts TK and those 20 years later-I guess TK KILLS Tanner ! who wo n`t be that old by 2006 -LRB- the 2nd part of the game is set in 06 -RRB- about 50 or 60 . I have a PS2 , GC and currently waiting for a XBox -LRB- original -RRB- to arrive and i have a mass of games planned for XBox , including D : PL as it might be better than the PS2 version , y ` know graphics and that and it will be the same price -LRB- I ai n`t spoiled , i bought all my self except for the PS2-which i got of my mum for my birthday 2002-i still adore my PS2 -RRB- - Unless of coarse the XBox version wo n`t be available so i will settle for the PS2 version.It might comeout on PSP.D : PL will also have ONLINE PLAY on XBox -LRB- XBox LIVE -RRB- and PS2-that give it a small boost in sales-But if the game is GOOD/GREAT + ONLINE-i reckon it will do good in sales for itself , it might sell 4,000,000 copies in total if it does well that is-maybe more , maybe less.So Atari might forget about the blak and white DRIV3R.So i hope no fans have lost faith in DRIVER yet !!!!!!!!!!! Bye .
 I know this game has dissapointed a lot of fans , but before anyone dismisses this review , for being too generous , there are plenty of very unpolished aspects to this game , but I also have plenty of reasons as to why this game is worth playing.Comparing this game to the Grand Theft Auto series has already been done countless times , but it simply can not be helped . This game will attract the same audience , and plays , at least on paper , very much the same as Rockstar 's series . However , this game is NOT Grand Theft Auto . Sure , you can steal cars , and wreak havoc in three huge cities , but that 's pretty much where the similarities end . Unlike GTA 's free-roaming gameplay , which allows presents players with multiple missions at once , and allows gamers to tackle them in the order they choose , Driv3r 's story mode is completely linear . You 'll be given one mission at a time , and the story will progress much like a movie . Most of the game has you behind the wheel of one of a huge selection of vehicles ranging from motorcycles , to boats , to eighteen-wheelers . There are n't liscensed cars from real car manufacturers , but these vehicles take such a realitic beating , I ca n't imagine why a real car company would want to see their cars in the game . You 'll play through three realisticly modeled cities , all of which look and feel picture perfect , and very real . You 'll start in Miami , and eventually work your way through missions in Nice and Istanbul . But not all of the game takes place in a car , about a fifth of it has you on foot , gunning through enemies in either a third or first-person perspective . While , this can be fun for a while , the aiming is a bit touchy , and the enemies never move , or duck for cover . They simply stand , shoot , and get shot . Plus , the range of moves your character , -LRB- returning serie 's star Tanner , voiced by Michael Madsen of Kill Bill -RRB- is given is extremely limited . You can
 i do n't like alot of car games but I thought I should have gave a shot and wished I had n't . The car handleing sucks , the take a ride sucks which is just you driving a round doing nothing fun , and I ca n't even get past the 2 level because you have to chase some guy down and you cant even do that . Do n't even rent this or buy it for 1 dollar its not worth it .
 The game DRIV3R is good yes it has it 's bad point like any other pour example GTA : VC has a lot of glitches in it as dose it predecessor GTA3.The game has amazing graphics and the locations are replica cities , the on foot game play is poor to start off with but as you practice it becomes easy , I have heard people saying that the car 's are hard to control and slide very easily this is because the car 's have been designed to move as if they where on the big screen -LRB- in films -RRB- not how cars would behave in real life this allows you to throw your car into 180 degree turns and making crashes more enjoyable to watch , the attention to detail beats GTA 's hands down because of small thing 's like bullet holes in cars and realistic damage . The missions can be a bit tedious but if you keep at it you will get a great feeling when you have completed the mission.A lot of people complain about the aiming , well if you had just read the manual you would realise you can chose at auto-aim setting making aiming easy . If you are having trouble on a chase mission find out where the turn is and go on free roam and practice that turn so that you can do it plus just driving round the 3 huge cities is fun .
 This is a fun game and after reading these reviews I 'm starting to get mad at the pencil-necked geeks who critisize everysingle flaw that normal people that that actually go outside never even notice . Like some people complain that the enemies never take cover or duck , they 're friggin ' mobsters , and last I checked they almost always do that ... of course do n't complain to them or they 'll screw up your face.listen if you 're interestedin this kind of game get itor at least rent it firstjust to be safe .
 Bigger cities better cars and guns what else can ask for . I have been waiting along time for this game and it is sure to be the best Driver yet . There is going to be a good story line I heard and awesome graghics . I am sure this game is not going to be a dissapointment . There are going to be more levels and longer missions . I hope there is 2 player were u can get out of the car and put it in different camera angles . But like I said this game is awesome and i dont thing i am going to be dissapointed in this game .
 DRIV3R is VERY like GTA : Vice City , but its more like the realistic version of GTA : VC.I liked Driver and Driver 2 , But i think DRIV3R is also good.You play Tanner again who has been sent to infiltrate a Car Theft ring , and bring it to an end.This game is MILES better than TrueCrime , its also better than The Getaway-but its 2 inches behind GTA in my opinion -LRB- as of Driver : Parallel Lines -RRB- . You get Miami , Nice and Istanbul to explore , three cities that is.You get a good selectionof cars , motorbikes and boats to cruise around in-although it would have been nice to have bicycles , helicopters and some type of plane-But it does n`t matter.Overall this game really is n`t as bad as they say-its no perfecto but its still good .
 I bought this game and one thing that really caught my eye was that each cars engine had a different sound and that the cars are real that are on there not like GTA . It has a sweet thrill cam that makes you think your watching a movie.So BUY IT the first chance you get .
 JUST A REALLY GOOD GAME OVERALL , THERE ARE SOME FLAWS BUT WHAT GAME DOESNT , GRAPHICS ARE ARE GREAT , IF YOU LIKE GTA YOU LOVE DRIVER 3 ... MUST BUY !!!!
 this game has got to be good after seeing previews it looksgreat im going to buy itit comes out the same day of me brithday
 this game will be the best to come for this genre , it is amazing , you can no longer get across a city in 2 minutes , its gon na take some time . this also combines a shooting type game with an RPG type game . it is redifining the word graphics with amazing cars , cities , and character models . this is a must have
 I CANT BELEAVE THOMASES REVIEW IS STILL THERE WELL THIS IS CV1 YA KNOW LISTEN TO MY REVIEWS SORRY MY NET WENT DOWN WELL THIS GAME IS AWESOME NEW IMPROOVED GRAPHICS AND ITS GON NA BE A CLASSIC SORRY FOR THIS SORT REVIEW AT SCHOOL PEACE OUT WORD LIFE !!!!!
 Well first off , the car graphics are very relistic , when you crash stuff flies off your car and other stuff like that . But other than that the game was aful . In Undercover mode -LRB- also known as basic mission mode -RRB- It is really hard to do car chases , and you retry missions over and over untill you can not even tolerate it , and you just stop playing it . The character movements are completly unrelistic . You float in mid air sometimes if you try to jump on something . Your Character can only jump like 1/2 of a foot high , which makes it hard to do anything other than walk . You can not move while crouching , if you try you roll foward . I was really dissapointed when i figured out that there is no hand-to-hand fighting like in GTA -LRB- grand theft auto -RRB- . This game is like A GTA Poser .
 My dislike the character you control wear skin tight pant movin around in the game is flimsy or you can say flicked . But my strong point is the story line , the video , and the missions i do n't hate it
 It arrived as described and i have n't had any issues with it . I would recommend this item to anyone without hesitation .
 Driv3r is the best game ever ! The graphics in the game are good and awsome . This is the first driver game to have weapons in it . You can ride over 70 cars in miami florida , nice france , and istanbul turkey ! On the xbox , you can even play your own music on it too . During undercover , you can watch these really cool cutscenes that have alot of action in them . In take a ride mode , you can free roam anywhere you want in 3 big different cities ! Also in free roam , you can look for secret cars , kill 10 timmy vermicellis , go in buildings , open gates , and even open and close these big bridges ! In my opinion , this is my favorite driver game . I even think that this is even better than grand theft auto ! This game is fun , and it would be worth the money , so if you 're a big driver fan , then you should get this game .
 This game is hilarious me and my father love it to death . but the people in it are dangerously RETARDED they run in front of cars and they drive into buildings killing themselves . it is a just for laughs game , therefore it is nothing like GTA but it is not a waste of money because it is crazy and funny.LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is mostly like driver 1 and 2 it once again you take over tanner and you have to try to kill jerico but you think you get kille but it never tells so that is strange and now they made driver parallel lines so i do n't know if that is tanners son or not but like i said before i loved this game
 This cd is perfect for my autistic son . He loves anything with coloring . Crayola makes a great product !
 Good ergonomics and responsive controls . Clip the cord and rock .
 I used to use the sidewinder microsoft controllers . My usage of the controller has been for EA sports games , madden/nba/nhl etc. . Microsoft sidewinder pros I was wearing out literally within 6 months of purchase . Having been used to the `` 6 button '' pad I did n't want to have to relearn ps2 controls . So when the Wingman cordless came out I gave it a try . I liked it so much I have 3 of them now . I use them daily and I 'm not abusive to them but I will say they feel great in an adult 's hands . My kids have trouble handling them as they are big and heavy . They usually just put the controller in their lap as they play . The controller key points are the accuracy of the digital sticks are phenomenal . I play online in games and these controllers are the difference many times on big plays or just making plays that in the past I did n't have a prayer . The games I use do not have the `` rumble '' features and in online play I really do n't care for it.The batteries will wear out every 10-20 hrs on play . I highly recommend you buy nimh rechargeables . The batteries will pay for themselves very quickly.If you want a great accurate good feel adult controller this is the one to get . If you like the sidewinder controllers this one will make you forget about them real quick.If you want `` rumble '' features I do n't know how much support is out there so far , so do n't buy for that `` whistle '' that 's not supported a ton yet.Overall I 'm totally satisfied , I 'd say I 've got 2-300 hrs of playing time on them all and they all work like new . They are the best controller on the market .
 This is easily the best PC controller on the market ... as long as you have a set of rechargeable batteries AND you need four triggers.I chose this controller because it has dual analog sticks AND -LRB- most importantly -RRB- it has four triggers . I had been using the Gravis Gamepad USB for the longest time , so I had gotten used to the Playstation button layout . I 'm not a big fan of the Microsoft 2-trigger , 6-button format so some of the other similar controllers with analog sticks were out of the running.Ultimately , I 'd say that this is a good deal , as long as you 're willing to invest in some quality rechargeable batteries as well . It 's nice not to have the chord to deal with , but constant gaming can be costly if you 're replacing batteries frequently.This is for people who must have four triggers to play their games - otherwise , I suggest you get the none cordless version of the same rumblepad made by Logitech . It 's cheaper , does n't require batteries and still has the same slick design .
 From a choice of about 15 gamepads I chose this one . It felt similar to the PS2 controller and had some weight to it -LRB- even before the batteries were installed -RRB- . Installation was easy ; installed software on a PC with 2000 for an operating system . I really enjoy the freedom of not having to worry about a cord . The inputs were received fine , but for the most part I was only a couple of feet from the receiver . However , at times I had the gamepad in my lap aiming down and even with the reciver above it it it worked fine ... felt as if it must be connected via a cord . Good force feed back , too . Nice and solid and does the job for me . Hope you 're pleased with it if you decide to buy .
 The Logitech Cordless Wingman rumblepad is quite the gamepad . And , I love it . It 's not perfect , but it is very close.Sure , the pad is heavy , and some people might find it a bit large , but that does n't get in the way . The programming software i very simple , well thought out and intuitive . You can tell the designers actually used it . The pad has plenty of buttons , all of the programmable . I get heavy MAME use out of it , and it works wonderfully . With a little thought and cleverness , you can play dual stick games as well as paddle games -LRB- thanks to the throttle slider -RRB- . It 's not as good as one of those custom jostick setups , but it gets the job done.The only other drawback is that it requires four AA batteries . That means replacing 4 AA batteries , which could get expensive . I 've had mine for a couple months and have not had to replace them , though . Which speaks well of the auto-shutoff design . It 's not perfect , but I can really appreciate the enginerring forethought put into this product .
 Wireless 2.4 GHz gamepads ? Wow ! After many years of dealing with IRQ conflicts and other `` game port '' headaches , I was in the market for some new USB gamepads . These offered everything I was looking for and then some ! USB connectivity , fully programable , familiar button/gamepad layout , -LRB- joysticks an added plus ! -RRB- Force Feedback and 2.4 GHz wireless ! There a little heavy for gamepads , but this only adds to their `` rock solid '' feel . Included literature is weak . However , everything can be found at Logitech -LSB- website -RSB- . These are the best gamepads I have ever owned and highly recommend them !
 I just got Street Fighter 4 and needed a 6 button controller , so I went scavenging my closet and found this old Wingman controller and to my pleasant surprise it worked in Win 7 RC 64-bit no drivers needed . Not many products have the longevity of this one . I have n't -LRB- as of yet -RRB- gotten the rumble to work with SF4 . The controls feel good but not great . I 've never had a pc joystick work this long -LRB- especially the drivers -RRB- .
 I got this for couple of years . It still works now . Good quality except battery life .
 This is my second Logitech Rumblepad . The first one I bought many years ago when it was first released . It has been the best at all EA Sports titles and racing games . I had to purchase a new gamepad because I spilled something sticky by one of the buttons , so it does n't always pop back up when pressed.Its hard to find these now because Logitech has introduced a new Rumblepad but it only has 4 buttons on the top and I 'm used to the old model which has 6 .
 to really judge the quality of this gem but ... my brother has had his since may of '02 and has n't experienced any problems at all . installation was a snap under XP and so far the performance is everything i 've expected so unless buttons begin to fall off or the d-pad starts sticking -LCB- keep it clean and this wo n't happen -RCB- then i think it deserves atleast 4 stars . ... it 's a little pricey but ` hopefully ' you get what you pay for .
 This controller is really sweet . I bought this for a game I 'm really looking forward too , One Must Fall
 i play nba live 2003 a lot with this controller and its good and all but the rumble does n't work midtown madness 2 the rumble does n't work Tony hawk 's pro skater 3 the rumble does n't work so i am very disapoinnted
 Very Nice Pad , but the Profiler included does n't seem to work with any games i have , but overall a good buy
 This is a very good gamepad . Immediate benefit is not having a cord . My setup has me playing games on my tv , and needing to be within a few feet of the computer to play on the tv is not good . This gives you range and versatility . Easy to install , and the software is rather simple to go through.In addition , you can program your gamepad for virtually any game . This is n't foolproof , though . I tried doing that for RtCW and I was limited to a certain range of viewability and aiming . So I could n't play that game with it . However , plenty of other games work well with it .
 to really judge the quality of this gem but ... my brother has had his since may of '02 and has n't experienced any problems at all . installation was a snap under XP and so far the performance is everything i 've expected so unless buttons begin to fall off or the d-pad starts sticking -LCB- keep it clean and this wo n't happen -RCB- then i think it deserves atleast 4 stars . ... it 's a little pricey but ` hopefully ' you get what you pay for .
 I dont know why noone else ever made -LRB- and continues not to make -RRB- a gamepad with a throttle . This is the only one I 've ever found , and on top of that seemingly obvious yet incredibly rare feature it is also a well built sturdy unit.I have had 3 of these over the years . They have all worked flawlessly , only ceasing to function due to dog attacks -LRB- severely chewed -RRB- or battery malfunction . One of them lives in my laptop bag , and has endured years of abuse there.The only thing i dislike about the unit is , since its wireless , and battery powered , it has a powersave feature . If no buttons are pressed for X amount of time -LRB- i think its on the order of 5 minutes or so -RRB- the unit shuts off . Problem is the analog sticks are n't part of this detection , so you may be flying along & discover your controls are dead until you press a button.It would 've been infinitely more preferable if the unit had just had an on-off switch . I 've found it necessary to remove the batteries when it travels , otherwise the buttons get pressed by random tumblings in the bag & the batts are dead in short order.I should also note that I 've never been able to get one of these to work with another unit 's sensor . They seem to be paired in some way . I 'd recommend staying away from used controllers which dont include the sensor , I do n't believe you 'll ever be able to find one that works.Otherwise an excellent unit which I love dearly .
 I 've owned two of these great controllers for over six years and have never had an issue with either . They calibrate just fine in Windows XP , with either the default Windows XP drivers or Logitech 's . Having 11 buttons I can map a game to , plus the POV , two analog directional sticks and the slider control is a MUST . I do n't understand why logitech went to a WORSE design . My 9 year old son can use them on GTR2 to win races if that gives you an idea of how precise they can be.Rechargeable batteries are the only way to go , usually get about 45-60 hours of gameplay on a single charge.As for the receiver going dead ... in six years the light on the receiver stopped blinking a couple of times . Just unplugged it and plugged it back in again , and it worked fine . Please bring back this design Logitech , your current model looks awful !
 I love this thing . It plays better than any corded pad I own.Pros : Dual analog , rumble capabilities , and a digital pad.Triggers . Four of them . Excellent range and it 's as responsive as a corded pad.Cons : Batteries . You need four of them -LRB- AA -RRB- I work around that by using rechargebles.It 's heavy.Before trashing this thing due to compatability problems , go to logitec 's website and get the newer drivers . They fixed any problems I had with my wingman .
 Hardware - This thing rocks . It fits in my hands well , and the sticks move easily . Diagonal movement is kind of wierd right now , but I 'll get used to it.Software - I loaded the latest drivers and they need work . Controller configuration is not the easiest , and I get a blue screen about half the time I open logitech 's wingman configuration program . Fortunately , I do n't have to reboot when this happens .
 I 'm very happy with this controller , and it the first cordless controller that does n't suffer from the technology to make it cordless.The range is great -- we ` tested ' it by playing from across the room , then down the hall , then into the next room . No drop-outs -LRB- except you ca n't see the TV at this point ! -RRB- . No amount of body leaning/twisting effects the wireless connection .
 Agreed that this is a much better gamepad than the corded wingman . Because it is cordless I can play it laying down instead of being `` tied '' to the computer.I recommend this game for ALL racing games , FSP , and all the Tony Hawk games , and wrestling games . Configuring the keyboard for those games is pointless because of all the functions.Don ' t forget the rumble mode !
 Officially Licensed Washington Redskins Nfl Wireless PS2 ControllerI bought this for my Grandson for Christmas and he loves it !
 These are simply wonderful controllers ; from the feel of the controller in your hands to the great logos of your favorite teams . The extra long cable and added vibration are appreciated features . Mad Catz has moved the Start , Select and Mode buttons to the top and bottom of the controller . The Start and Select buttons are located between the shoulder buttons while the Mode button is directly opposite on the bottom . The D-Pad can be a little sensitive but nothing you ca n't get used to . Again , a good feeling quality controller . For all of us NFL junkies who are proud to show our teams colors , well worth the extra buck or two . For the casual fan it 's just a controller and might not be worth the extra investment .
 This is one great mouse -- I was using a Logitech 815 mouse for gaming but thought I 'd try out this mouse and I 've never looked back .
 Great mouse scrolls smooth , fits good in my hand , and the little design on the back is pretty awesome .
 This mouse is great ! Very comfortable , and performs like a star . I 'm a right hander and i wanted a mouse that was ergonomic yet at the same great for gaming , and this filled the spot perfectly . It 's so comfortable . In FPS gaming I sometimes feel as if my right hand is right there in the game . If you want a high performance , ergonomic mouse , this is the one . I used to use a Labtech optical mouse that used to hurt my hand terribly after extended use . When I got this one though , the difference was amazing . Nice buttons and sensitivity adjustments . The only other mouse is can remember using that was this comfortable was the Logitech MX1000 , but the Deathadder is lighter and more maneuverable . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a high performance ergonomic mouse , be it for gaming or not . I love my Razer DeathAdder . -LRB- Oh by the way , the packaging was excellent , really loved that too -RRB- .
 Better than G5 \ 7 \ 9 and microsoft . It also illuminate in a nice way -LRB- check youtube to see -RRB- , and overall for me as hardcore gamer playing mmorpg mainly and FPS game this is by far the best mouse , though I have to say that sometimes but not always the mouse hang -LRB- the cursor -RRB- and u wont be able to move it , it ` s ok just keep moving for few seconds and it ` ll work again normaly , probably because it depends on it ` s program so if there was lots going on , like when ur computer almost froze . GL and HF.Update
 From PlayingWithMyWeiner.com : -LSB- Note
 Very comfortable to hold , performance is great , movement is very smooth , i am loving it . I also have a copperhead but the grip i get on this mouse i simply the best to all those i have used till date .
 This mouse , compare with its brethren , are as good , if not better . From ergo standpoint , its hand molded design is welcoming for long period of use . In addition , the top surface is similar to Lachesis 's rich , rubbery texture , so it does n't slip and feels like an expensive equipment.The only drawback is this
 Excellent response times and highly accurate . Nice improvement from a standard Dell mouse when playing World of Warcraft .
 Ca n't say enough about how much I like this mouse . I just bought a second one after owning the first for 7 months . I like its feel - it has a good weight and is comfortable for my hand . I turn off the LED lights and find that it looks even better this way.This is very quick to respond , and has a lot of sensitivity -LRB- the amount of which is easy to adjust to taste -RRB- . I have played FPS games with it and find that it really makes a difference . This one 's a winner .
 hello-this mouse is super , it has one little problem , the sides need to have a none slip finish other than that i defintly , would buy another
 This mouse is perfect in so many ways . First thing , just put your hand on it , the surface feels incredibly soft to the touch it has this ultra soft type of micro-velvety feeling surface , unbelievably pleasant to the touch . Scrolling wheel is awesome too , large enough and silent and with a smooth movement . Size of the mouse is great even for long hands like mine , and shape of the button area feels so comfortable . Tracking is wonderful . Teflon feet move absolutely seemlessly and silently on anything . The mouse is very quiet , and the clicks on the buttons are just right . Icing on the cake , Looks ! This mouse really looks incredible ! And the very slowly pulsating blue light on its loins , such a cool touch . I 'm using it right now here in my main home pc . I 'm not even a pc gamer , but I 'm so glad I came across the recommendations of pc gamers for this mouse .
 We like the feel of the mouse . works well with gaming on line . have not found any cons at this point . good pick for the money we wanted to spend .
 I upgraded from an old -LRB- pre 3g -RRB- Diamondback that had been used so much that a short had developed in the cord . I am pleased with the upgrade and very satisfied . That said , a few differences between the DA and DB should be noted . The DeathAdder is very full-bodied in comparison to the Diamondback which instead has a low nimble feeling . This mouse easily fills my palm . As such , it is a bit more friendly to gamers that enjoy taking hold of the mouse rather than using the ` claw grip ' . They also removed the ` pinky ' buttons from the death adder so if you are a big fan of 8 function mice you should look elsewhere . The software seems fine . Overall I am a big fan of razer mice . The deathadder just reaffirms that faith . I hope that helps a bit .
 This mouse is freekin awesome ! I 'm new to PC gaming so I really had no idea a mouse can make such a diffrence . Going from my stock mouse playing Fear 2 and Crysis this is a dream ! I normally use a claw grip , but thats because I really had no choice . The reason i purchased this mouse was the design . I have a small hand so this fits perfectly with flat grip . Its easy to set up and the on they fly DPI is huge for FPS . Do your self a favor and order this mouse ! It 's a work of art !
 I 've owned the mouse for about 3/4 of a year and it 's been a pleasure . Nice , light and precise but the flashing logo on the mouse just mysteriously stopped glowing . The mouse is still performing perfectly fine so it is definitely a good gaming mouse .
 Having used a trackpad for years , this is a WELCOME improvement , especially for gaming . The 1800 dpi sensor does well on smooth and rough surfaces , alike , and is very precise for general online needs . While elite gamers may find newer 4000 or 5600 dpi sensors more appealing , this mouse will make a nice addition to your bag at a very reasonable cost .
 Just try and get my mouse ! I love the smoothness of use.There are so many functions , I wait for it to program onit 's own ! Maybe do it 's own mouse moves . -LRB- ha , ha -RRB- Seriously , this is the best mouse I have ever owned ! I have tried a few and some were very expensive without thecool or wow factors . -LRB- They went to the yard sales -RRB- . NOT this mouse ... Fits nicely in your hand , has comfortablecovering . -LRB- Not that hard , cold plastic feel -RRB- Has beautiful blue-purple colored scroll button that lights . Get one and let your hands fall in love .
 I recently purchased the Razer Dethadder from Duong and I enjoy it a lot . Packaging was great . Mouse works great . And delivery was fast . All in all great purchase thanks a lot Duong .
 If you are looking into This mouse , is at the best of its ability with the razer exactmat .
 I 'm a pretty big FPS gamer and this mouse was recommended to me by a fellow gamer . It 's very different from a regular ball mouse - if you are switching , be prepared for some frustration for at least a few weeks . This mouse has a lot of adjustable settings . Almost TOO many . The feet on it need to be a bit higher to use with a standard mouse pad . I 've resorted to just using the desktop surface to get the proper 180 turning radius needed for an FPS game . The Logitech G9 might have been a better option .
 This is definitely the smoothest most comfortable mouse I 've ever used but I do n't think it 's worth $ 50.00 I guess I expected a much better improvement in my online gaming for this price tag.Again it is extremely smooth and incredibly comfortable .
 I have owned this product for about two weeks so I ca n't really so it is a durable thing . However , I have no problem with it so far . It does its job . If you have big hands , it is definitely for you . It is just a bit bigger than I would want but I 'm OK with it .
 After trying out the Logitech MX518 , Logitech G5 , Razer Copperhead , and Razer Deathadder , I easily sided with this mouse . This is the mouse that best fits my hand ; furthermore , the material used on the side as well as the top is perfect - much more comfortable than the the surface of Logitech 's mice.But to keep this objective , mice are indeed personal things , so it is fair if one does not like this mouse due to aesthetics . I recommend trying out all the mice you are thinking of getting , and see how the shape fits your hand . For my hands , this mouse is simply a flawless fit.If you purchase this mouse here , the most up-to-date drivers are installed , and there are absolutely no problems with the mouse
 This was my first Razer product purchase . I bought the Death Adder mouse , just to try something different . I 've been using a Logitech G5 for a couple of years now , and have really liked it , but several of my gaming buddies swear by Razer mice and suggested I try one , that there really was a difference . The Death Adder is a nice mouse , and I am happy with how it works and how it fits my hand . The tracking may be slightly more accurate than the G5 , in spite of the lower DPI resolution and lack of a laser , the 3G sensor works very well , especially in twitch games -LRB- FPS -RRB- , where you make very fast and snappy movements . I 've only had it a few weeks now , but happy so far . Hopefully , the reliability will be as good as my Logitech G5 has been , in spite of varied reports I 've read , that the Razer mice sometimes just die mysteriously .
 I had been using the MX518 before I purchased this mouse . If you 're looking for a gaming mouse , it moves great , light as a feather and fits like a glove on your hand .
 So im in circuit city looking at gaming mice . i see this one , and immeadieatly the 1800dpi attracts me . also , it has a bunch of other features that make this mouse unmatched for its price . I bought it , and tryed it , expecting an AMAZING change from my old mouse . what I got was just my old standard Dell mouse , except the sensitivety was turned up , something you can change . what i mean is , do n't buy this mouse for its features . it is a great mouse and feels great in your hands , and the scroll wheel is really cool . the 1800dpi , it doesnt really matter . Im giving it 4 stars for the feel and ease of use
 Bought this for my son , the gamer . He loves this mouse and all the options it provides , say 's it 's the best he has used and he has had many ! Just read the other reviews . Worth every penny !
 ive used the MS4 .0 , MX518 , G5 and now the Razer deathadderand , it is the best out of those from my exp . It glides across my Steelpad QcK + . I play Counter-strike 1.6 -LRB- FPS -RRB- so i need an accurate mouse , this mouse never skips !
 All I can say is , `` WOW ! '' I was truely impressed with it 's preformance straight out of the box ; even before the drivers were installed . I previously used a cheap , optical mouse that I purchased from Walmart . After experiencing the major difference and upgraded performance from the deathadder , I completely forgot about how much this thing cost me and was happy with my new purchase . I use it for gaming mostly , and it has made moving the cursor around the screen a lot quicker and more accurate . If you 're looking for fast tracking , comfortable form -LRB- for people with medium sized hands atleast -RRB- , and great style -LRB- the pulsing razor symbol is very cool -RRB- , then look no further and buy your Razor DeathAdder today !
 I 'm actually using this on a Mac , meaning the software it came with does not work . However , i had called razer before ordering it and knew this was going to be the case . Regardless , the form is great ; it actually shares the same design as the microsoft mice , so if you like that , you will like this . This one is slightly improved and the top is coated with a rubber surface -LRB- it is very matt black , less shiny than the image shone -RRB- . Despite the software not installing , the right click still acts as it should , as does the scroll wheel . Clicking the scroll wheel has defaulted to activating the widgets and the one of the thumb buttons activates expose - both of which ideal .
 I was in the market for a new mouse , and I was hesitant to spend the money for this as well as some of the laser gaming mice currently out . After a bit of research I decided it would be a good idea to go with this mouse and picked one up at a local store . Installation was quick and then I was literally wowed by the precision of this mouse . A footnote - it is a very good idea to have a good mousepad for this , not some plastic one you can pick up at walmart . I am currently using a steelpad 4d and it works great . Before I bought this mouse I had been using mostly standard microsoft optical mice on my gaming pc , and when I started using this mouse , the difference was quite apparent . This mouse is very quick and accurate , but as others described , is remarkably smooth . It 's as if it steadies my hand as I play faster . The buttons are all very well placed and have tremendous responsiveness and feel . The mouse itself looks very stylish , the blue razer logo has a pulsating led that just looks awesome . One more thing , the software for this mouse is outstanding . Very easy to use and extremely intuitive and effective . I would buy this mouse again for ANY of my computers let alone a gaming pc .
 I have owned multiple different mice including Microsoft 1.1 , Logitec mx500 , 510 , 518 and the Razer Copperhead . I have no hesitation in saying this Razer Death Adder is the best mouse I have had yet . I am an avid gamer and focus on FPS games and this is exactly what I have looked for in a mouse . Be sure to download the latest drivers and firmware and you will never regret this purchase .
 This mouse feels and responds just like previous ones from Razer , like the Diamondback I previously owned.So , if you already have a Diamondback , I see no point in buying this much more expensive one . *** UPDATE *** It 's been five years of everyday use and my Deathadder is still working like the first day.You can put your money on Razer with confidence . They wo n't dissapoint you .
 I got this product to replace a dead Logitech mouse . I have rather large hands and after being recommended to Razer by a friend , I found this to be one of the largest mice they make -LRB- at the time -RRB- . It 's stood up for the last 3 years being tossed around in backpacks to LANs and tournaments and I 've yet to have a single problem . Pairs very well with my Razer Goliathus Control pad .
 It arrived as described and i have n't had any issues with it . I would recommend this item to anyone without hesitation .
 I have tried many different gaming mice ... mouses ... whatever you get it . This one stands out as my favorite by far . It is n't overcrowded which is a big flaw I find in many products . Some folks might like this , but for me the two side buttons plus your standard mouse 1 + 2 w / wheel is fine by me . The blue glow makes it pretty to look at when your hand is n't covering it . Most importantly , it is incredibly smooth . Plus it can be tweaked to your liking if that 's your cup of tea . 5/5
 I 'm going to keep it as simple as possible . This mouse is fantastic , it 's weighted perfectly and the contour of the mouse is great . I 've used it since 2009 and sadly my scroll wheel just recently went out . However I 'd still recommend this mouse to any gamer who is on a budget .
 I could rant on and on about this mouse . I 've used it for years and years . And while I ca n't say it is perfect -LRB- I 've already gone through a handful , eek -RRB- , I will always come back to this mouse . I believe it to be the best bang for your FPS-head-hunting buck.Just do n't upgrade the firmware !! Unless you want a nice glowing paperweight -LRB- I have extra , if you want one of those -RRB- .
 A gaming mouse -LRB- high dpi laser and wired rather than wireless -RRB- has a quickness and consistency that wireless laser mice just can not match . I have owned a number of gaming mice over the years and while I have liked them all , I think this one is the very best so far.The most important issue here is the shape of the mouse . The top -LRB- left and right -RRB- buttons of this mouse are a continuous part of its top surface rather than being separate buttons like on the Diamondhead or the Copperhead . For me , this is important because it makes the mouse feel much smoother when my hand rests on it . As a result , my hand rests more naturally on this mouse than any other.Another important issue is the carefully thought-out shape of the basic right and left buttons on this mouse . Note that these buttons have a subtle up-and-out curvature that allows one 's fingers to rest more naturally and to click faster and with greater precision than with the uniformly downwardly curved -LRB- or convex -RRB- buttons on mice made by manufacturers like , say , Logitech.Previously , I liked the shape of the Microsoft 6000 gaming mouse -LRB- not to be confused with the ubiquitous Microsoft 6000 wireless mouse -RRB- the best . But the shape of this mouse is clearly better.Many gamers do like the Logitech mice , but I have always felt that the curvature and shape the G5 and MX518 mice is a bit off . The problem is that the fingers do not rest as naturally relaxed and yet poised on a downwardly curved surface as they do on a surface with a slight and subtle upturn at the front edge of the basic right and left buttons.Speed and control : This mouse is extremely precise and it is easy to adjust its sensitivity with the proper drivers.Vista Drivers must be downloaded : My operating system is Vista Premium Home . While the print on the box that the mouse came in proclaimed that this mouse was Vista ready , it turned out that there were no Vista drivers on the CD , so I had to download drivers from the manufacturers support site . This proved fairly easy though so I do not consider this a serious issue.Adjustable Lights and the Look : I do not like the purple lights on the wheel and on the logo that are always shown in the pictures of the Razer mice . Accordingly , I was delighted to realize that turning these lights off is a simple matter of clicking on two buttons in the driver setting panel . Once the lights have been turned off the mouse looks much plainer -LRB- and much better too in my opinion -RRB- .
 I have used most gaming mice that have been released since year 2000 . Prior to the Deathadder , my mouse of choice was the Logitech G5 . I am not going to bash either mouse . Both are very good . However , I prefer the Deathadder more . -LRB- Note
 UPDATE , 4/18/2009
 I got the DeathAdder sort of reluctantly , but am so pleased with it 's feel and performance . I previously owned a Habu , and a G7 , G5 , and MX510 before those . . the DeathAdder is clearly the best mouse out of all of them . . the 3G optical sensor is extremely good at tracking all movement while not being overly sensitive and does not create any erratic movement issues . It 's movement is so precise and yet has a certain softness to it . . very much unlike the Habu which was too sensitive and the movement had a harshness to it . The drivers loaded without a hitch , the firmware was actually the most recent version , so installation was a breeze ! Very unusual for razer , but a welcome change for sure.At any rate , physically the DeathAdder is fairly light , about the same weight of an MX510 . . maybe even a smidge lighter . . it 's a perfect weight for my liking . . the chord is very flexible and does n't pull back on the mouse when you let go , thank goodness . It 's the same overall `` feeling '' as being chordless , but with the chord . The shape of the DA is roughly the same as the Habu -LRB- very similar to the Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 -RRB- but with an updated body kit , which makes it slip into the had more naturally . . the button valleys are more pronounced than just about any mouse I have used in a while , which I like . . my fingers come to rest right in the center of the buttons . . the rounded crest/top of the mouse is fairly tall , sort of like an arch support for the hand . The wheel roll and click are both have a perfect amount of resistance . . very easy to roll/click but not too easy . . Clearly a LOT of thought and ... dare I say , love ? . . went into the creation of this mouse .
 A substantial deathadder review can be found on esreality.com . The reviewer Sujoy Roy uses a quantitative approach . An old vinyl turntable `` plays '' a mousepad underneath the stationary deathadder while Sujoy compares the reported movement speed of the device with the actual rotational speed . He then doodles up some graphs showcasing the deathadder 's marvelously linear response . I think this was mentioned in passing by J. Harvey in his review a couple months ago , but here 's a link anyway : http://www.esreality.com/?a=post&id;=1300293I've been using this mouse for a couple months on an Allsop Raindrop XL mousepad . I use Windows XP with the Razer provided drivers and latest mouse firmware from Razer . It 's configured for 1800 DPI and 500 Hz USB samplerate.I play Quake 3 , Enemy Territory , and FEAR Combat with the deathadder . It feels significantly more precise and lighter-weight than my old Logitech MX500 . I ca n't detect any negative acceleration once the game settings for each title are correctly configured . -LRB- exception
 Excellent mouse for all types of gaming . I have one on all my computers whether for gaming or not . Outstanding responsiveness . Get one today and see what you 've been missing .
 This mouse is so awesome , i just got it today and love it so muchits really sensitive so you can really play your games well , and it lights up and the logo pulsates which complements my saitek eclipse 2 keyboardthe only down side is when you just want to use it normally you need to either get use to it being sensitive or change your profile which you can use the button on the bottom for that but i find it a bit in convenient so i just leave it on high sensitivity all the timeoh and the thing that blows about the shipping is it is coming through usps so it took about a week to get here
 This is the Zeus of gaming mice . Look no further if you are trying to improve your game or just want a comfortable mouse while you 're already owning . I 've never had a mouse that fit my hand as perfectly as this one does . The dpi adjustability is great but really this mouse should be bought alone because of how sleek and comfortable it is . Physically this mouse beats any out there . It slides the best across any mouse pad soft or hard top . On top of how comfortable and great the optics are the side buttons are easy to use and light on the touch . No mouse would be great without great driver support and this is no exception . The drivers let you adjust anything from dpi to y and x axis sensitivity to allowing you to turn on or off your acceleration . Do n't be fooled into buying any other more expensive mice , this is as far as you need to go .
 I bought this mouse because I used it once at a local gaming store and it was very nice and accurate . I recently had a Logitech MX518 which was a very nice gaming mouse and just falls short in my opinion to this Razer DeathAdder . The name pretty much describes this mouse . I am playing Call of Duty World at War , and the shooting is so accurate I hardly miss . I have a logitech gaming mouse and a Razer Barracuda headset and they all light up the exact same blue , it looks pretty cool . Buy this mouse for sure !
 This is the ultimate mouse for me . I do n't care much about the super-uber precision . I ca n't use it at it highest DPI level -LRB- goes too fast for me -RRB- . But at a normal level , this mouse is ultra precise , just right . The shape fits naturally in the hand , this is THE mouse for me . The driver software does not have a good interface -LRB- too naively flashy - like made by a 7 year old -RRB- , but it does the job OK , and one can manage to navigate around it -LRB- you do n't need to use it often anyhow , you do n't even really have to install it at all ... the mouse works perfectly fine without it -RRB- . I tried the lechesis but its shape is quite odd , and you feel some kind of uncomfortable pressure when using it . I had to return it , took the Death Adder instead , and boy was I happy I did that!Perfect mouse ! -LRB- Ugly driver software interface , but who cares -RRB-
 I got one of these back in April when I put together a new gaming rig . I really like the shape of the mouse and it has all the buttons that I 'm used to . The silky , rubberized texture feels great to the touch . Left and right mouse buttons are very sensitive and responsive for first person shooters . I 've had a great experience with it playing COD 4 and World at War . The speed took a little getting used to because it is super fast . I had to turn down the speed a little , but once you get used to it it 's great.I actually liked it so much at home I bought another to use on my computer at work .
 I 've been using the Razer Viper -LRB- close to similar to all the slim line Razer mice -RRB- for a year , which I will be comparing to the Deathadder . I have been using the eXactMat w / wristrest as well.The finger positioning is considerably different , the Deathadder slightly raises your 2 front fingers and spreads out your thumb and finger that hold the mouse -LRB- speaking as a fingertip user -RRB- . Although it feels a little bigger the size is a little more comfortable and gives more of a controlled feeling . Also the Deathadder has a very steep slope off of the back of the mouse even though the picture makes it appear like a much larger mouse with a big rear.The weight of the slim mouse is so light that it could n't be any lighter without removing essential components , which they may have changed between the different models of their slim mice . While the Deathadder has a distinctly noticeable weight to it , the weight completely disappears when you start using it . The most interesting part of this is that I can have great control of the Deathadder without having my pinky down vs. the slim line mouse which I feel a loss without it down , likely due to the weight and size difference.The primary buttons both have a very tuned amount of pressure , both are near perfect . The scroll wheel of the Deathadder is my favorite scroll wheel I 've ever encounter . The wheel gives you a very controlled feeling with minimal pressure to turn it . The scroll wheel click is right on as well , which will not cause you to turn the wheel while clicking.The thumb buttons on the inside have a little too much travel for my taste but are undoubtedly usefull and you will not accidently push them while moving the mouse with your thumb on them . They also are mounted up high enough that your thumb can sit underneath them , which is a big negative if you are looking to use these 2 buttons and want to sit your thumb close to the surface , like myself . My Viper has no side buttons but some of the slim line mice do .
 Very pleased with product and it 's programmable capabilities . I now use it for quick exchange of weapons during online games .
 Upgraded from a Razer Copperhead , used to be a hardcore user of Microsoft Explorer mice , and this has brought me back to the good old days.This mouse is shaped almost exactly like the ORIGINAL Microsoft Explorer intellimouse . The left/right buttons have no defined `` click '' to it , they are kind of soft touch , which I am still getting used to but the comfort and smoothness of this mouse is fantastic . Going from a razer copperhead laser mouse even , there is a noticeable improvement in the general smoothness of the mouse . I use very very high sens and it 's as smooth as butter .
 This mouse does anything I could ever want a mouse to do . SometimesI wake up at night and see the blue logo fading in and out like the mouse is breathing , and I have to get up and play EQ2 . Even if only for 10 or 15 minuntes till my eyes get sleepy again . Its a really smooth playing awesome mouse speed ajustable on the fly . I give it 5 stars anyday !
 What can I say about this mouse other than it 's great . It matches well with my Tarantula keyboard . I ' v tried the copperhead too but IMHO this is a much comfier mouse , maybe due to my large hand . I have an XL paw and this fits like a glove . The rubberized texture helps with hours of gaming and the countour makes it easy to access the thumb/side buttons AND it does n't cramp up my thumb . lolPerformance wise , it 's very responsive just like the copperhead .
 I really like this mouse , the only problem I see with it is the instructions are somewhat vague , they do n't really explain how to use all the features .
 I purchased this mouse after my Razer Copperhead died on me . In contrast to the Copperhead , this mouse is suited specifically for right handers , so it has a more fitted ergonomic feel . Also , this mouse is significantly larger than the Copperhead , which gives it a nice solid feel.I found this mouse equally responsive as the Copperhead . My most subtle movements were precisely detected by it . It also has on the go sensitivity/DPI adjustment -LRB- although there are only 3 settings compared to the Copperhead 's 5 -RRB- . I love this feature as I can quickly change my sensitivity as the game dictates.Aesthetically , the mouse is beautiful , and matches my Razer Lycosa keyboard perfectly . The big pulsating snake logo is mesmerizing in the dark.My favorite aspect about this mouse is the price - $ 40 ! I paid $ 60 + tax for my Copperhead , and this mouse performs just as well -LRB- minus 2 buttons and 2 DPI settings -RRB- .
 This mouse has to be the sickest mouse yet , I do n't know how many mouses I 've been through trying to find the best for all around traits.I recently bought the one copperhead 70 $ mouse but the ridges that went around it and its narrow backside just did n't do it for me until I found this one.The only mouse I 've owned forever was this microsoft intel one I got at staples like 5 years ago -LRB- burned finger marks into the side/L-R clickers -RRB- and just could n't find its replacement until now , this thing is so amazing , I do n't wan na sound like everybody else but honestly this thing is just amazing , not only looks sweet with its glowing emblem but its comfortable as hell , great for surfing the net , editing pics , playing UT3 and TF2 or WoW depending on your taste.Over all Upsides
 i love this ! its very responsive and easy to handle . Quite a bit more accurate then my old laser wireless mouse .
 Good mouse and very fast and sensitive . Sensitive is the key word ! The only problem is that the software that came with it wouldnt work wit my computer or punkbuster . I dont know if its because I 'm computer illiterate but my brother could n't figure it out either . But I got it to work without all the fancy extra stuff . It is the best feeling mouse I have ever had and the button setup on the thumb side are sweet . The only complaint I have is the software not working and the cord feels a little thin for such an expensive mouse , but all in all I think it was worth the money .
 I purchased this as part of a combo , and it has just been phenomenal . I was using a Logitech Wireless Desktop MX Duo -LRB- MX700 mouse -RRB- on a plastic mat previously and was getting a little bored with the inherent lag of a wireless solution and small size and feel of the mat.The DeathAdder is definitely not lagging ; it 's almost precognitive ! I use the 900 dpi setting for the desktop -LRB- 1920x1200 LCD -RRB- and 1800dpi in-game . I like that it has the two buttons on the side , unlike many other gaming mice . This makes it much more useful with web-browsing and productivity software . I definitely recommend this to anyone , gamer or not .
 This mouse is hands down the best one I have ever used , and that includes a G5 , Copperhead and a MX512.It is extremely comfortable . Not just because of the shape , but the coating is very smooth and pleasant to the touch . The buttons have a very nice pressure point and click with confidence . The scroll wheel is very nice , as it has a nice width and good feedback for each notch . Plus there is none of that side scrolling nonsense that Logitech seems to be so fond of , which is utterly useless and even hindersome when playing games.Everything about the DA screams quality , the build , the drivers and the sensor ... Oh the sensor ... It tracks like nothing else . Period . If you like to play games and want the most precise tracking out there , this is it . Nothing better . This is not just my opinion , ESR did a very in depth test with many different mice -LRB- including the MX500 , MX512 and the Diamondback , which are exquisite mice as well -RRB- and showed that there really is not a mouse with a better tracking out there ATM.If you are even considering buying this , do it ! You will be very happy ! My game has actually improved slightly just from switching to this mouse . I never thought a mouse could make this much difference -LRB- even just a slight increase in your game is stellar , since it 's nothing but the mouse that invoked it -RRB- . Oh , even though this is not all that important , but the pictures you see do n't do it justice . It looks very nice indeed .
 i would highly recommend this mouse . its ecellent for gaming and for just surfing the web . my husband -LRB- in IT -RRB- liked it so much he bought himself one .
 My parents got me this mouse for a Christmas present in 09 . I had a friend who had one , and I wanted a high-quality mouse for cheap . This one turned out to be really good ! My hand no longer aches since my hands now sits over the mouse instead of cupping the entire thing . Also , since I mostly browse the web , I have the extra buttons set to switch tabs and refresh the page . It 's a good product for the price and a good product all around .
 Awesome mouse . Very comfortable -LRB- right-handed only -RRB- . It includes 2 side buttons for a total of 5 usable buttons . It also has a button for changing the dpi on the fly . Unfortunately this is right next to the infrared sensor , which is why I did not include it in the usable buttons . Please note that for most OSs and games , you will not be able to use the 4th and 5th button if you have the driver/software installed , so if you plan on using it for gaming , uninstall the driver to be able to use the 4th and 5th button .
 I have been gaming for 20 years and I am also a gadget freak . I have owned most of Logitech 's line and some other 's and while all offer something in different area 's this one is great in ALL area 's . I mainly play shooters and do some spreadsheets and photo editing and it works perfectly in all area 's . The smooth design on top as opposed to having buttons seems to quicken response time as well as giving it a more natural feel . Like I said I am a gadget freak and my system is an Alienware Aurora , so I have all of the lighting in my computer set to match the lighting of my mouse and it is a very cool looking set-up . Also when the mouse is idle the light on top slowly dissapears and reappears giving it a `` breathing '' appearance . It works really well on everything and IMHO it 's the best out there right now .
 My first computer build consisted of mostly black framework and gaming blue lights to go with it . This mouse is a perfect match for it . It has the cool pulsating blue logo on it as well as a blue-lit scroll wheel . It just looks good . You can turn those lights off if you want though . It has two buttons on the left side and these function as backward and forward through webpage buttons . I did n't program it that way , it just works that way . On the bottom of the mouse you can toggle dpi settings that you set up in a startup program . I just have the medium sensitivity -LRB- desktopping -RRB- and the high sensitivity -LRB- for gaming -RRB- . I 've had this mouse for a couple months now and there are no problems . There was no problem with my previous standard issue Dell mouse from 2003 , but I thought I 'd get myself something nice -LRB- this mouse -RRB- . I do n't play any MMORPG games so I do n't know how well it would fare , but it works very well for FPS . This would make a great gift , I recommend it .
 I 've been a first person shooter -LRB- FPS -RRB- gamer since the late 1990 's . This is bar none one of the best right handed mouses on the market . It fits the hand very well . Full support all the way to the wrist with no hang over . If you dont like the lights , just load up the software and turn them off . I 've had this mouse since 2007 when I built a computer and it 's been nothing but amazing . The plastic gliders on it are amazing as well . You 'll probably want to lower your sensitivity at first to get used to how smooth it is . I know I dropped mine a full number.I played team fortress 2 competitively and out of the 13 people in the clan , about 9 or 10 of us all have this mouse . You wont go wrong with this purchase .
 i 'm not much of a gamer , but when i do use this mouse it 's excellent . you can set the buttons to change sensitivity in a flash and makes it great when i have different objects and things to do . Also wonderful for photoshop when you need to do 100 % image edits and need just a smidge of editing when a slight of hand . I do wish however that it would have been more sensitive , but it 's quite useable at the most sensitive settings
 I was a huge logitech mx500-510-518 fan throughout the series . I never thought Razer had good mice until they came out with the Deathadder which actually fits my preference on the shape and feel of mice . The design where your hand is arched like your foot across the mouse allows for great movement accuracy and prevents the problem I had with the copperhead and diamondback where my pinky was rubbing the mousepad and sometimes would just plain get in the way and since God gave me my pinky I would rather keep it and lose those lowrise mice . Hope this helps anyone indecisive if they should move from the mx518 as it is dated and for such old technology costs way too much despite the sturdy design .
 Its a little hard to set up , but once you get it dialed in.Fast WoW is it Fast you would need big hands to like it witch i doit really is the best mouse i have ever had . hope it lasts.Really have not one bad thing to say about it . ; -RRB- _
 had the mouse for about three weeks now and very happy with it . its very sleek and comfortable to my hand . the drivers work great and i 've had no problems with it so far . seems like a very sturdy solid device . i reccomend it .
 My boyfriend had this mouse and incited extreme jealousy in me , because it was sooo much nicer than any mouse I 'd ever used . So , he bought me one , and then later we bought a few more when they went on sale . The first ones that we bought are still serving us well after 3 years of heavy use . We still like the smooth , oh-so-slightly textured velvety surface and the soft nubbiness of the scroll wheel . This mouse makes it 's user feel utterly hedonistic . The glowing light is also a pleasant touch . :-RRB- Love it !
 I first had a regular microsoft mouse , so when I replaced that with this , it threw me off . Once I got used to this , it feel really natural.This mouse is NOT going to make you a Quake 3 rail gun champion , but it will definitely add comfort to your gaming . Now that I am used to this , I can not go back to a regular mouse . I thought the price was a little steep , but its a quality product.Must buy for gamers .
 I got this mouse for my Mac and its working great . I programed it to work a little more like a Windows mouse buy the preset stuff is good too .
 This mouse is , without a doubt , the best mouse I have ever owned.I have used Razer products for about the last 4 years , and have thoroughly enjoyed both their Copperhead and Diamondback mice . But this blows both of them away . The comfort , accuracy , and ease of use is above and beyond any mouse I have tested in the past , and I am unusually picky.It should be noted that I have larger than average hands , and the arch of the DeathAdder fits to my palm in a very comfortable way . Also , the side buttons are more easily accessible than with Razer models I have used before.The only possible complaint I can think of is that the cord could be slightly longer , but for most people this will probably not be a concern .
 I just bought the Razer DeathAdder , and I must say , i 'm very impressed.Pros : Very ergonomic feelPerfect for palm grip -LRB- when you put your entire hand on the mouse -RRB- 1800 DPI Laser
 Have n't been gaming since I 've ordered the mouse so I 'm probably not the best reviewer but so far it has been great in regards to my other computer usage . Comfortable grip , light , and smooth cursor movement .
 It really performs well , although the on the fly sensitivity does n't use a unique button . It matches well with my Lycosa Keyboard . I just plug the mouse into the usb port on the back of my keyboard .
 I was skeptical that buying a gaming mouse would increase my gaming experience noticeably , but I was surprised at how good it felt and how much more accurate my aiming became . Looks cool , feels great , performs beyond all of my expectations . This is an awesome mouse well worth the purchase .
 I had been using the Logitech G9 mouse for about a year when I started thinking about getting a new mouse . I spent about 1-2 months browsing Amazon and looking at all the different gaming-grade mice , and reading reviews , their specifications and asking friends about the mice they use.I 'm really heavy into gaming , specifically World of Warcraft and Left 4 Dead at the moment . I 'm also a software developer , so I need a mouse that is comfortable to use all day long . I also need the mouse to not be so crazy fast that I ca n't use it , but fast/precise enough that I wo n't skip a beat during those fun fragfest moments in Left 4 Dead , or in WoW.I finally settled on purchasing this mouse , since I also own a Razer eXactMat -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I must say I am incredibly impressed with this mouse.It has an incredibly natural feel in my hand -LRB- my hands are not very big . -RRB- The hand covers most of the mouse , and rests very comfortably on top of it . My thumb naturally fits right underneath the side mouse buttons -LRB- Mouse 4/5 -RRB- and I 've never accidentally clicked them . You have to move your thumb ever so slightly up to click them.The mouse itself feels very light and easy to move around the mat . There is no option to add in extra weight , but I did not find it necessary . It glides across the mat with ease and never skips around the screen . It 's also always ready to move . There is no risk of that initial `` wakeup '' lag , like in some wireless mice.Visually I really like the way the logo glows . It lights up and off very slowly . Looks very cool for when I game at night.I wish the mouse had the `` free scroll '' like Logitech mice do , but it 's not something I really miss . If I ever have to scroll tons of pages , I simply move the scroll bar , or use PageDown or PageUp keys.I was very worried about moving to a non-Logitech mouse , because I 've been using them since the beginning of time it feels like . But honestly I am very happy with this mouse and would recommend it to anyone !
 I 'll preface this by stating I am an avid PC gamer , so my review is slanted towards gaming . I suppose most people reading this are looking at this product for game usage as well , since it 's labeled as a gaming mouse.While looking to upgrade my boring mouse to something more tailored for games , I found this beauty . The DeathAdder has a pretty over the top name , but do n't let it fool you into thinking that the cheesy moniker means it 's a cheesy product . The DeathAdder is comfortable , with pleasing light to accentuate it , and the well placed buttons are easy to operate and are strategically within easy reach of the fingers on the hand operating the mouse . Its heavy construction let 's you know it 's a mouse that does n't mess around . Also worth mentioning is the cool way the logo on the top pulses on and off.The only `` drawback '' is the high DPI this mouse reports . Some games that do n't have a good mechanism to scale the DPI are difficult to control . I do n't blame the mouse though , it 's the fault of the game for not having a way to adjust this.After hours and hours of gaming , it 's still operating just as well as when I first plugged it in . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wants a sturdy cool looking mouse with a decent number of buttons on it for gaming purposes .
 I went from a Logitech MX510 to a Logitech MX1000 to this . I liked the accuracy of the MX1000 but missed the lightness of the MX510 . Waited for the `` next big thing '' and waited some more . I finally broke down after reading the positive reviews for the DeathAdder all over the internet . Mine shipped with the latest firmware and I downloaded the newest driver . I installed it on the work PC and was floored by the smoothness . Everyone who touched it wanted one . It 's lighter than it looks . I took it home and fired up UT2004 and it allowed me to spin around much faster and get a quicker bead on my oppenents ' heads . And it looks pretty cool next to my Saitek Eclipse II keyboard . Highly recommended !
 Coming from years of using only the best of what logitech had to offer , I decided to take the plunge and satisfy my curiosity with razer products . What can I say , this thing is fantastic . After using the deathadder , I simply feel inadequate when going back and using the Logitech G5 -LRB- my previous favorite -RRB- . The deathadder is nothing like any of the logitech products . It is much lighter and the buttons easier to press . I thought that I would n't like it but it has made a noticeable difference when gaming . My clicks come faster , and my hands do n't tire as fast , keeping me quick and nimble . The rubberized top surface is really nice and nothing offered by any other competitors come close . The lights , I thought would be cheesy but they do n't look bad at all , and can be turned off . Right now , this simply is the best out there . Go out there and get it !
 very good mouse . had some issues with mouse acceleration at first . i read somewhere that installing , THEN uninstalling the drivers would fix it . worked like a charm . REPEAT
 Really solid mouse . I had to download the latest drivers for Vista , but one I did that there were no troubles at all . Great performer .
 I bought this mouse to replace a Microsoft wireless laser mouse , as I was looking for something a little more ergonomic . It installed with no problem and is working beautifully . The only things I do n't like are the slick sides are not grippy enough , and it could be a little heavier . It is noticeably more responsive and accurate than my old wireless , and not as expensive as some of the other gaming mice out there .
 except for the plastic sides gets a lil annoying when my hands sweat and then theres residue . shoulda made the whole mouse outa the same material as the top .
 Has a very smooth operation to it .
 Title says it all , I have owned 10 different mice over the years , and this one blows them all away . It handles like butter . The Blue breathing effect is nice , but I turn it off the lights anyway . The memory for this mouse is onboard , so you can set it the way you like and then transfer it to another computer and it will keep its settings , how cool is that ! The button response feels just right . I immediately got my highest score in crysis , its as if this mouse was made for me . If you are deciding between an MX518 and this mouse , trust me this is is better in every catagory . I own both . Good job razor .
 Once you get used to the feel of this mouse , your hand just starts to meld with it . You become one with gaming and pull of spectacular head shot after head shot !!!!! Buy !
 I was considering this mouse , the microsoft habu mouse , and the razer diamondback 3G . Although I have not tried the other mice , I am very satisfied with this purchase . I have never used a right-handed mouse before and was skeptical of getting this mouse . However , the feel is great since it fits my hand so well . Also , the top part of the mouse has a different texture than other mice that I 've used . It does n't really feel like any other type of plastic I 've felt before . It has a matte finish compared to other plastics which normally have a glossy finish . Also , if the lights bother you , you can turn them off using the drivers on razer 's website . The only problems I have with this mouse is that the driver options for customizing the button functions could be improved and that the default driver that comes with Windows Vista Home edition supports all 5 buttons instead of just 3 .
 The mouse is just what I wanted . Fast and seemingly reliable . Nice looking with the extra body lighting . I play a great deal of online games and this is jsut the ticket .
 This mouse is awsome ! I love the sensitivity switching on the fly and the mouse has a great feel . All I can say is WOOT !! haha
 I 've used the Death Adder for about 2 months now and it 's the best mouse I 've ever had hands down . The comfort , agility , button tension , etc. is all perfect . The mouse moves quickly and accurate and is awesome looking . Stick to this mouse and you 'll be happy .
 Tracking is very precise . Design is flawless for right-handed gamers like myself . Solid feel , looks very cool . Drivers work flawlessly . Best Razer mouse I have ever owned , and I have been with them since the Boomslang !
 I 'm not a gamer , but I do live on my computer because I 'm a website designer . I wanted a mouse that was perfect , and I have to say this mouse is the closest thing to it . The feel is absolutely perfect , very balanced and great texture . The click sound is perfect , the scroll wheel has perfect slight click feel with no sound . The mouse is light , but not to light , and is very easy to control . I have vista , and the default settings for the mouse worked great for me so I did n't bother installing the software . I also love the pulsing light haha . The side buttons are great too , perfect size unlike many other mice . All in all , it 's practically a perfect mouse .
 best mouse ive ever owned in my gaming history -LRB- 8Years -RRB- great speed and control you wont find a better mouse anywhere else .
 First let me say that 99 % of the time I am playing one FPS game or another . I have been using the Logitech G5 , which is a very good mouse . But , I love my new Razer DeathAdder . It looks great , it feels great , and the sofware is excellent . Kudos to Razer .
 The Razor DeathAdder has been everything I expected it to be , and better . You can set it to the highest speed that you can stand , for best use . I feel that the mouse improves my gaming abilities greatly . The price is a little high for a mouse , but it seems to last a long time . Keys are very easy to program.The two buttons on the side are easy to press , yet they are in a spot that you wo n't accidently press them.The glowing logo is neat , but can be turned off if it gets distracting .
 One of the claims on this product that caught my attention immediately was the claim that the surface of this mouse would not succumb to the sweat drenched palms common to FPS players and porn enthusiasts . My previous mouse was wireless and a bit more expensive but after a year the silver color had gone black because my hand had worn away the coloring . I had heard a lot of mixed reviews about Razer products but decided that the 2 extra mouse buttons in a sensible place was worth giving this mouse a chance . I must say it has entirely lived up to all promises!The laser is very precise and the surface has n't shown a single hint of disintegrating after 10 months . That said , this mouse does require wipes down like other mice because the dirt will accumulate around various points but that 's common of all mice.I had no issues with the software on win 7 ultimate but it has a LOT of little sliders to finely tune your mouse and i ca n't imagine someone who simply bought this because `` it 's pretty '' would know what to do with the software that comes with it . I do n't even know what most of these settings do but i was able to adjust the precision to my liking and simultaneously prevent anyone less coordinated from ever using my PC.Lastly , i read a lot of reviews before picking this mouse up and MANY of them said the mouse was broken on arrival or very shortly thereafter . So while i can only vouch for this mouse up to 10 months after purchase , be aware that you may end up getting a first or even second replacement before one of these works .
 This mouse has created an excellent environment for gaming . The two side buttons allow me to assign passive skills to them , allowing me to continue using offensive skills without having to re-target .
 I bought this mouse over 2 years ago , and it is still working like the day i bought it . I use it with a mac book pro , and even though it says you can not program the buttons , you can and it is very easy , I have the side buttons set for expose and dashboard . This mouse feels like it belongs in your hand , its not tiny so even after using for hours your hand still is very comfortable
 I 've had my mouse for some time now and never had any problems with it ... great buy . it does everything it says it will and the comfort is very nice .
 The moment I put my hand on this mouse at best buy I knew it was the mouse for me . I purchased this mouse around two years ago , and have used it for 10-16 hours -LRB- I take online classes and game heavily -RRB- six days a week since then . I have abused it , angrily thrown it at walls , smashed it in to the table , attempted to crush it in my hand , bent the left and right mouse buttons up effectively bending and separating the pieces . I have pounded my hand furiously in to this mouse for the last two years , and it has taken everything and continued to work perfectly.Around two weeks ago , my push to talk button for ventrilo finally began to become finicky . I downloaded the handy program keycounter , which counted my keystrokes and clicks before writing this review over the two weeks . By multiplying the 4800 mouse button 5 clicks in the last two weeks , I can tentatively say this button was clicked 250 thousand times before it began to fail . As for the left click button , it was clicked 113 thousand times in the last two weeks , which means I have clicked it approximately six million times . It still works perfectly.This mouse has never given me cramps or been at all uncomfortable to use even after some twenty hour work/gaming sessions . -LRB- I 'd estimate that I have a slightly smaller than normal hand for a male geek -RRB- This mouse has been extremely resistant to grease and food residue as I have carelessly eaten food while in the middle of six hour raids on World of Warcraft.This mouse has worked like a dream through all the horrible things I 've done to it . I gave no thought to the decision to get another . If you are looking for a bomb proof mouse that is extremely comfortable , impeccably durable , and outstandingly reliable , this is it . I would n't get any other mouse -LRB- I 've used friendsLogitech G5 Laser Mouse -LRB- Blue/Black -RRB- -RRB- even if they were the same price as this one . You 'd be crazy to buy anything else .
 After 4 months of use by a 14 year-old , this mouse is still holding up well . He 's small for his age , and this mouse is still comfortable for his hand .
 doesnt vibrate awkwardly when i listen to music . it does everything i want it to do without being overly sensitive .
 Its been a couple of months and its still working =-RRB- . Perfect mouse for gaming and at a good price too . Got mine for $ 35.00 shipped . Worth the money imo .
 Just in my opinioin the best mouse ever for anything you do , Extra 2 thunb buttons let you click on the fly great for gaming i read alot of reviews and no it isnt a $ 100 + mouse but for the price it feels like a million bucks
 I first found the Lachesis at a Future Shop and it was on sale for the price of the DeathAdder , I bough the Lachesis first and brought it home , it had some nice features ... But the buttons had to be pressed very hard all six that is , the wheel was to small and took more effort to roll -LRB- very clicky -RRB- , and it felt like crap , not comfortable at all , If I had very small hands , or I was a lefty , then maybe I would like it . Not a bad mouse , just not for me.That day I took it back and swapped it for the DeathAdder , and Thank God I did . It feels fantastic , the , and to be honest , most people do not need anything above 1800dpi , just because the dpi is higher does not mean it 's better.The software it comes with is pretty cool , although I do n't know if I 'll use it as much as one would think , but it 's there in case I do , and cool to show to people that are clueless about PC peripherals , they get blown away.It 's glows blue very nicely , and look great next to my Belkin n52te -LRB- that glows too -RRB- , it 's such a great combo.The DeathAdder is a very solid mouse , the only thing I do n't like it the Profile button is on the bottom . Otherwise just awesome overall .
 I had been using a Logitech G7 wireless mouse for a few years until the right mouse button gave out on me . I read many reviews and had it down to the Logitech G9 , G5 , MS Sidewinder and the Razer DeathAdder . After using the G7 for a few years I had realized the wireless function was more an aesthetic/gimmick than a truly beneficial feature . Reviews had them fairly side by side , so I went to some local stores to put my hands on a few different mice . The feel is what set the Razer above the others . I am 6 ' 4 '' with rather large hands and this mouse just felt the best . I also suggest going to the Razer site and reading up to see what type of ` grip ' you use with your mouse to aid your decision.Having now been using this mouse for over 2 months , I 'm extremely happy with the decision , and will likely continue to buy Razer mice in the future as I am that pleased . It feels great , the resolution is great and it not only meets but exceeds my expectations for a mouse . I use this mouse on both IceMat and XTRAC Ripper XL mouse pads and it glides like a champ over both.I primarily game on my PC , mostly FPS and RPG , would consider myself a hardcore gamer and have been since the Tandy days . Note that I do not use the additional software or driver utilities that come with this mouse , I never do with any mouse . I let the games and the OS do manage the functions , button mappings and profiles . I also never use any on-the-fly resolution switching while gaming -LRB- for the DeathAdder you must install the software utility for this functionality -RRB- . The product was packaged great and just reaffirms you 've bought yourself a quality product . And for anyone wondering or thinking of going back to wired themselves , I do not miss the `` no wires '' one bit ... and certainly do not miss swapping out a battery once or twice per day depending on usage . This mouse is lighter than my G7 was and in retrospect trading the weight for the wireless was n't worth it . Even though for years I was content with the G7 , I am now better off .
 I Do n't game.I got this mouse after seeing a promo on Youtube . It looked like a really good mouse and it looked really cool -LRB- I 'm 51 and I need all the help I can get -RRB- I do n't game at all , I have had many cheap mice and my sister was visiting on Christmas and bought me an expensive Logitech mouse because she was disgusted with my current mouse . After using the Logitech I saw what a big difference a good mouse makes.The first few days with the Death Adder I thought it inferior to the Logitech because the Logitech really fit the hand so much better , and the extreme light weight of the Adder seemed cheap , and seemed way too sensitive ; but after changing my grip on the Adder , not resting my hand on it like the ergonomic Logitech , and using my fingers , I found the Adder to be far superior to the Logitech after all . Hands down , this mouse beats the Logitech , and that also is a really good mouse . Just the tinyest , lightest finger movements place the curser with real precision with absolutely no effort.I would n't have thought I would have a strong opinion about a mouse , but it really is a must have . The worth far exceeds the price and it is head and shoulders above and better than my high quality -LRB- but slightly cheaper -RRB- Logitech
 I went into a brick-and-mortar store so I could try out each major gaming mouse and decide which I liked best . My top choices were the Logitech G5 and the razer deathadder . When I entered the store , I ended up trying out what I believed was the Razer Lachesis ... which cost 's a whopping $ 80 . I agonized over it , not wanting to waste the money , but in the end I realized the lachesis just felt so much better than any other mouse I had ever touched ; it was perfect . I had to have it . Price was no concern.I left the display unit that was hooked up and looked for a boxed one . There was no lachesis ; the model I had been enjoying was the deathadder . It was so ergonomic , so perfect , and so responsive , that I had assumed it must be the $ 80 model ... not the $ 50 model . I was completely elated , and immediately bought it.I 've had it a couple days now , and it 's delivered the best gaming weekend of my life . Unreal Tournament 3 , Team Fortress 2 , Crysis -- I feel almost like I have an unfair advantage in multiplayer . It 's so precise , so smooth ... it 's just wonderful . The design feels perfect to the hand , and your hand will appreciate it after long-sessions . The software is great and easy to use . I just opened it up , set the polling rate and DPI to the highest values -LRB- there are various presets to use , also -RRB- and closed it up . I doubt I 'll ever need to play with it again ; it did all I need to do in one use . I really ca n't stress how wonderful this mouse is . The copperhead and G5 have a slightly higher DPI count , at 2000 , but this mouse FEELS so much better that I ca n't recommend them.Buy this up , and enjoy .
 I bought this mouse to replace my old one -LRB- logitech mx510 -RRB- because of the worn scroll dial and wanting to try out a razer mouse . The biggest niche I noticed was that the * click * sound of the Deathadder was somewhat loud -LRB- at least compared to my mx510 -RRB- . I think that the glowing logo can be irritating to some , but it can be turned off . The drivers for the mouse are USB specific , meaning the drivers will only work for the USB port that was used to first install the mouse . The mouse looks very sleek and I liked the non-slip surface of the Deathadder . The infrared used for tracking is cool because it is invisible .
 Great mouse . It has a lot of customizable features with the software . i especially like on the fly sensitivity . i use the 2 side buttons to change it from fast to slow . for ex
 This is my first gaming mouse , and it is definitely a lot more accurate than just the average optical mouse . I can pinpoint shots with a lot more accuracy and ease than ever before . One thing I recommend it to get a gaming mousepad , as that makes a very big difference .
 It was so much fun to play ! Out of my 100 games collection , it 's in the top 20 despite its an old game . Its graphic is n't bad . In my opinion , PC game should be about fun . It provides that !
 Got it for my grand son 's birtday & we ended up playing together & challenge eachother . We ptrety much tie & have a blast . It 's a great time if you want to assault the bad guys . Good game .
 I do n't know how popular this game was , since there are no reviews for it on amazon but I think that it 's a pretty good game . The graphics are infinitely better than the previous installment , Allied Assualt , and there are more weapons . You start out parachuting into the top of a French barn and fighting your way to your buddies . I think the highlight of this game is playing the Battle of the Bulge . You also get to drive an armored half-track and other such vehicles . If you like first person shooter games , you 'll like this game .
 it 's not easy , but it 's worth a better score than a 6 or 7 . i find it very challenging , with great graphics . not easy but engaging . a buy indeed especially at this point .
 The actual mini games in Hot Pixel are pretty good . However , in between games there are often lame video clips and useless animations that take away from the gameplay . I think Atari actually tried too hard on the presentation and hurt themselves in the process . You can unlock games to be played at your own pace , `` Xtras '' , which track high scores and justify a $ 10 price tag by themselves . Also , you can download 70 more minigames from the following website
 I 've played the Hot Pixel demo on a PSP and I liked it . It definitely made me want to buy the game and I think it 's worth it .
 THIS GAME WAS A GIFT FOR MY SON , AND HE LIKES IT VERY MUCH . THANK YOU
 The title says it all . I ordered this game one-day delivery from EB Games -LRB- since Amazon did n't have it yet -RRB- , hoping it would live up to my expectations.It exceeded them.The graphics are amazing , though the camera controls are tricky at first.There are 5 pre-generated characters with different skills , but that does not mean you have to play each one the same way every time -LRB- unless you want to -RRB- . Each character has three `` skill trees '' and using lower level skills unlocks higher level ones . The manual says that mastering one skill tree is an accomplishment ; mastering two is possible , but very difficult . Mastering all three is impossible.As I 'm playing , I find I am focusing on one tree , but using another enough to build up some skills in that one . I completely disregarded the thrid because juggling them was causing me to slow down the progressions on the trees I wanted.My only major issue , and the reason this game got 4 instead of 5 stars , is that when you save and reload a game , previously cleared areas are populated with monsters again .
 I had this game before , however moving from Florida to Georgia the game got lost . Over all I like the game and I can finally play with the other characters .
 Well , this game is not what you would call real deep though the plot has good details . Most of the other reviews have addressed the issues of the product both good and bad in one way or another . I would only add the following points :1 -RRB- I enjoyed the game enough to want to finish it and that says something in today 's game market where only about one in ten games is actually worth playing .2 -RRB- I passed the game on to my eighteen year old grand daughter . She thinks it is the greatest thing since sliced bread . Then again , she has been game starved for the last year or so and is just comming out of that GOTH phase .3 -RRB- Because it is a 2006 game , just about any PC people own will play it today , including those 300 $ laptops people are snapping up so no issues with minimum requirements for this one.We all know there is down time while we wait for the next game on our list of desires . In this period we look for something to fill the void . This is a good choice for that.Hail Flavius !
 This car game pack is excellent for the traveler . With the headphones you can ignore your parents boring radio stations . With the D/C adapter you can play games without your battery running out . Sometimes your parents have to put on their mobile phone in the D/C outlet in your car , then just use the rechargeable battery pack . Then if you are still driving in your car and it is dark , you do n't have to stop playing . Just use the lighted game shield . If you travel in the car for a long time this is how to pass the time and have FUN !
 This car game pack is excellent for the traveler . With the headphones you can ignore your parents boring radio stations . With the D/C adapter you can play games without your battery running out . Sometimes your parents have to put on their mobile phone in the D/C outlet in your car , then just use the rechargeable battery pack . Then if you are still driving in your car and it is dark , you do n't have to stop playing . Just use the lighted game shield . If you travel in the car for a long time this is how to pass the time and have FUN !
 This car game pack is excellent for the traveler . With the headphones you can ignore your parents boring radio stations . With the D/C adapter you can play games without your battery running out . Sometimes your parents have to put on their mobile phone in the D/C outlet in your car , then just use the rechargeable battery pack . Then if you are still driving in your car and it is dark , you do n't have to stop playing . Just use the lighted game shield . If you travel in the car for a long time this is how to pass the time and have FUN !
 This car game pack is excellent for the traveler . With the headphones you can ignore your parents boring radio stations . With the D/C adapter you can play games without your battery running out . Sometimes your parents have to put on their mobile phone in the D/C outlet in your car , then just use the rechargeable battery pack . Then if you are still driving in your car and it is dark , you do n't have to stop playing . Just use the lighted game shield . If you travel in the car for a long time this is how to pass the time and have FUN !
 This pack is great ! You get all these wonderful little accessories to help you out while playing on the old game boy in the car . I especially like the headphones .
 I played this game years ago , and it is better than I remember . I hope all of you enjoy this game if you get it !!!
 love this game I play it freguently and it really helps my history and Geography
 This is a great way to learn about states and countries as you try to solve the cases prsented . Lots of thinking skills are called on as you use the clues given by characters . The game has a good presentation and is easy to understand but offers challening cases . I purchased these disks for my grandchildren so that they could become familiar with the states and countries . It has been a very worthwhile activity for them .
 I got these for my grandsons . My daughters played them when they were younger . Good learning while having fun !
 I actually bought the game for my sister , but my experience is that the Carmen Sandiego games are a lot of fun .
 It 's a pretty certain fact that when it comes to fun party games the Gamecube is the way to go . However Capcom slipped this little number under everyones nose and the end result is a fun solid title.Onimusha Blade warriors is essentially a Super Smash Brothers/Powerstone style fighting game using the Onimusha Characters . The story is simple , Nabuyaga is back and wants to conquer the world . Samonuska and Jubei return to take him on along with a cast of other characters ranging from monks to snipers to ninjas . However if the idea of playing a hero does n't appeal to you than you can play as one of the Demons such as Marceles or a simple Zombie Soldier.What seperats this from smash brothers -LRB- outside of the darker tone -RRB- is that you can build up your characters . By making your characters stronger and adding different weapons and accersories you can essentially customize them to your likeing . The buidlup system is simple yet it is creative enough to make the game fun.However the best part of the game is that a certain Blue Bomber is a hidden cahracter in the game . If you do n't understand this reference than play the game and beat it with Samonuske.Overall this is a fun simple game . For some a renter , for some a purchase , but overall a great party game for the PS2 .
 I played the Japanese version of this game . It was similar to Power Stone for Dreamcast . However , the angle was more like 2D than 3D . You could get many weapons -LRB- including silly ones -RRB- and attacked each other until one of you won.The characters were taken from Onimusha 1 and 2 plus some new characters . Jujudorma was the best character because she had long range attacks . By the way , the preview of Onimusha 3 was also included for the opening of the game .
 Buy it , just stop debating aand buy.Fun Factor - 1000000000/5Replay value - -LSB- ERROR - To many numbers -RSB- / 5Must buy rating - 10/5
 I 'm a fan of samurai games as well as fighting games . Onimusha Blade Warrior is sort of like Super Smash Brothers with sharp swords.While some might think of this as a bad thing , I thought it was a brilliant idea . Instead of bouncing around with Yoshi and Link and other cartoon characters , I get to have the fast paced multiplayer fun of the Super Smash Brothers gameplay , but with more rich , robust characters . You get to build up experience and weapons as you go , choosing from a wide range of characters . You can be a young woman , a zombie , a fat old man , or many other characters in between.There are five levels of difficulty , so even if you get through the entire game on easy you still have quite a lot of challenge ahead of you . There is a full tutorial to get you going , and then quick play as well as campaign play . You can even bring your fully developed campaign charcters into multiplay and see how they stack up against your friends!There are nice cut scenes that move the story along , and good graphics in general . I do have to say that I had several issues with the control of the characters . Up lets you jump up to higher levels , but down just lets you squat in place . Other keys seemed very un-intuitive at first . But like all games , the more you play it , the more you get used to what the game requires of you.You can unlock new backgrounds , characters and weapons as you go , and there 's a fun variety to work with . This is n't a complex , strategic game like Halo or Splinter Cell , but it definitely is a fun way to blow through a couple of hours of free time with friends.Recommended !
 the wacky weapons ?? ... hm ... Being a hardcore fan of onimusha , I kinda expected it to be kinda gloomy , u know what Im saying?Well , other than that , I thought it was really cool ... cant wait until demon seige comes out . .
 Yes , I think I need to say that this is an SSBM ripoff , but that 's OK ! Because SSBM is such a good game , adding swords and different characters is COOL ! So go ahead and buy it ... even if it IS an SSBM rip off !
 I just got the U.S. version of this game , and I 'm pretty satisfied with it . I read several previews about it these past few months , but I still was n't sure what to expect . I 'm a huge fighter fan -LRB- especially the Tekken series , Soul Calibur 2 , Virtua Fighter , DOA series -RRB- , so I bought it without even demo-ing it.Anyway , it 's a great game , but let 's just say it 's no Soul Calibur 2 . It has plenty of unlocks -LRB- characters , weapons , backgrounds , etc. -RRB- , but there really is n't much in the way of story . It 's kind of a button masher , because you only use the square and triangle buttons for hitting -LRB- attack and kick , respectively -RRB- . The X button is used for jumping , and the circle button is used for sucking in souls of enemies you just killed . Using the souls in conjunction with the R1 shoulder button , you can make some series combos and even use magic spells . The L1 button is used for guarding , but you wo n't want to guard too much because it takes your special meter down quickly.It 's cool that you can level up on attacks , magic , and defense , and also with the weapons you unlock . It only has a few modes -LRB- Story , Vs. , Tutorial , and a Custom Vs. mode where you can use your leveled up characters -RRB- , but they get the job done.The graphics are also cool -LRB- excellent character models , very colorful , and they are 3D , but the fighting pretty much takes place on only a 2D plane -RRB- , but one thing I do n't like is that the character models are a bit too small when the camera pans out to show the whole arena . Only when you are down to one or two enemies left does the camera zoom in close on the action.All in all , this a very fun game . Great party game to play with up to 3 other friends -LRB- using a multi-tap -RRB- . I 'd recommend it to any fighting fan . Plus , it 's only forty bucks right off the bat .
 I promptly received an e-mail confirming the purchase and as always , experienced the efficiency and detailed information I have come to expect from Amazon . The item was safely packaged -LRB- much appreciated -RRB- and arrived in great conditon . Keep up the good work , and I will continue to use Amazon.com for shopping when possible .
 this game has fun stuff in it . i thought it would be boring . it 's hard to get Zero in this game . i gave up it was to difficult for me ^ - ^ '
 This game is good if you want to go crazy pushing buttons for a while . It gets boring after a while like an hour after . Getting more characters is hard . I recommend this to people who do n't get bored easily .
 Being new to the Onimusha world , I was able to review this game without bias . What I found was an interesting and rather in-depth quasi-3D fighter . In this spin-off of the popular series , you select your favorite hero or villain and battle your way thru familiar environments and characters as you strengthen your abilities . For those who are familiar with Super Smash Bros melee , just imagine that Mario became a samurai and the koopas turned into demons . In other words , you can jump in-between the foreground and the background in what is usually 3-4 different tiers ; as you pick up various power-ups to aid you in pummeling your foes . What separates this title however , is the rather complex fighting system which includes
 This is the best Omnusha game in the series.You can be a bunch of characters from previous games.You can pick up special weapens such as clubs and guns.In multiplayer there are tons of games you can do.And this games graphics rule.If you have a Nitendo 64 you might remember the game Turok : Rage Wars.This game is sorta like it.You can go up to 4 players , you have tons of pick ups and levels , and few characters you start with.Basicly the same thing but I love them.Omnusha rules !
 The fact that this game is $ 19.99 and has Xbox Live and the full IRL experience is reason enough -- IGN has rightly given this an 8/10 . It 's fun , it 's inexpensive , it 's the real deal and I 'm loving Indy right now . Worth it at twice the price .
 Indycar 2005 definitely has its flaws , but this is one racing game you ca n't simply start off and win races without a little forethought and planning . Each oval course has it 's own individual design differences and you start out test driving your car on the track to find out where you lose speed , oversteer or understeer through the turns , etc. while trying to clock your fastest lap possible . You can go to the `` garage '' option where you make adjustments to the tire pressure , cambers , springs , front and rear wings , and so on to get the best performance out of your car for that track . Once you are satisfied , you go on to qualify for a starting position , and finally race against other competitors for points in a season.The learning curve can be a bit steep for someone like myself who does n't know their way around an indycar , but there is a masterclass mode that covers some of the basics and with practice and patience , adjusting the car becomes easier . Once you get a grasp of what your car can do , you can go on to compete in a series that spans a single season as yourself in a pre-existing team or as one of the available drivers . You can also choose a quick race by selecting a single track . There are difficulty settings that affect the rules of the race and the harder the setting , more rules like damage , pit stops , cautions , and penalties , apply . There are also custom settings that include driver assists to help you get comfortable handling the car . To top it off , you can adjust the number of laps in segments from ten to two hundred.You spend a lot of time on the track , especially in practice and for many , the repetitive driving on ovals may seem tedious . You really have to like oval racing and indycars to get anything out of this game , so I do n't recommend it for the casual player of racing games . For those who are interested in indycars , it 's best to rent the game first to see if it meets personal expectations or not before buying it . I own it and prefer to drive manual , without assists and use the driver 's view to get the most out of what it lacks in terms of the feel and look of the game , but what I like best is the depth of what you can do with the car setup and race options in season or quick race.I would like to see this title improved in the way of graphics . The cars do appear to `` float '' on the track without much ground shadow . Much more can be done to make pit stops seem more like pit stops . Add a few road courses like St. Pete , Infineon , and Walkens Glen , update the driver roster , and I think this game could become quite a hit .
 While the collision physics may be a little weird , the core game is very good . Graphics and sounds are solid and the controls are phenomenal .
 This is the best Indy car game ever made!You can actually unlock cards with actual clips of Indy 500 history like your watching the speed channel.you can fine tune your cars , wings , -LRB- front and back -RRB- fuel load/tire pressure/dampers/gear ratio 's / even change livery 's If you unlock them.You can use your own name -LRB- unlike the f1 series by EA sports , in which you just choose an actual f1 driver to be -RRB- For the most real damage and Indy experience -LRB- including going through yellow 's pit stops , having to qualify with just the right setup , and like I just told you , real damage/falures and having to adjust your fuel settings 0-7 on your steering wheel , you 'll have to put it on pro level -LRB- top level in game -RRB- and you 'll need lots of practice and some knowledge of Indy racing as well to know what to do!I 've been watching the Indycars since I was 5 , -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and I know a lot about making adjustments to my car and which team to choose.For example : You 'd want to be on Penske/Target-Chip Ganassi/Andretti/Foyt enterprises/Team Rahal/Red Bull racing , teams like that , not teams like Codemasters.You need a good car.I 'm on Rahal cuz the colors are similar to Pat Patrick racing of the early 80 's and I thought that Gordon Johncock had the best all-time livery ! , -LRB- similar to John Andretti 's 43/STP Indy car -RRB- and Richard Petty 's -LRB- Owner of John Andretti 's current car -RRB- Stockcar back in the 80 's early 90 's . If you are good enough though , you should be okay with whomever you choose.You can even create your own team with your own livery too ! -LRB- must unlock this first -RRB- They have 2 classes of unlockable chassi 's / livery 's , -LRB- Ovals and road courses . -RRB- I exclusively race at the brickyard.Where else ?!? I am just now at the point where I can go at least 50 laps without having to start over again.I was actually a couple of laps down in an Indy 500 race and I had my front wing replaced , Right rim fixed -LRB- messaged -RRB- - well that 's what it looked like he was doing-LOL !!! and a near miss in a save because I know to slow down on those to avoid the wall , and I caught up and lead the race back on pace with the other drivers on the pit stops too.I know level 4 fuel is where I need to be cuz ' fuel will come in to play towards the end of the race , like in real-life , but to catch up I cranked it to 7 , which will take about 2 to2 1/2 laps off your fuel total so be careful 5-6 are fast enough if you want to conserve .0 you use for pitstops and yellow 's , Anyways , I lost it in turn one in that race and finished 13th on the 126th lap , there was Alot of attrition.That 's another cool thing about this race , realistic crash physics and a replay -LRB- multiple angles to choose from -RRB- to see when a driver crashes out of a race.you have a spotter , like in real-life to let you know who 's ahead or behind you , who 's out of the race , when to pit , yellow 's and when to go green , and when someone is trying to make a pass and on what side.A very well done , yet underappreciated X-Box game . -LRB- also for - ps2 -RRB- One of the reasons why I have an X-box ! I love it !!!
 I may not be the best at race games , but I love how this game looks and reacts . I enjoy the fact that it 's an original game for the xbox , but was able to play on my xbox360 . You wo n't get the feel from the wheel when you hit a bump or hit a wall . But , that still does n't stop me from playing it . It 's still a good race game .
 Game is awesome ! It has good graphics and it is very fun . I would recommend it to a friend . Try it out !
 I actually do n't own the game , but I had the demo , and I plan on buying the game , but what I have played of it it is great . This is a `` must buy game '' . I ca n't wait to buy it !
 This is a cool game , get it if you are into Strategy games . This game gets kinda ' old after a while though . I suggest everyone that likes any kind of game at all should by `` TRIBES ''
 Warzone 2100 is the strategy game to end all strategy games . The storyline is great . You 're able to build structures like the factory , HQ , and Research Facility . And you 're able to build units each with different bodies , wheel systems , and weapons . And almost every mission has artifacts you can research so you can build more units and structures . Also , even at the easiest level of challenge the enemies are always tough and intelligent . And they 're always better equipped then you , making it even more difficult . Overall , this is one of the best games for everyone , not just strategy gamers .
 I can imagine it might seem odd that I 'm writing a review for a game that 's over 2 years old , and has practically no fan base , but this game is worthy of praise . To introduce the game , you are the leader of a band of people who took shelter in a military base after a nuclear war . Several years later you come out of the base to begin your new lives , however , you are not alone ; there are other survivors who do not take kindly to competition.The game is a bit hard to get used to , allowing full 360 degrees of camera motion -LRB- allowing you to get up close and personal with your enemies as your units blow them away -RRB- , as well as zooming and other actions , much like Sierra 's Ground Control . The graphics are not top of the line , but that can be expected from an older game -LRB- for those of you with newer computers , this will allow you to crank the graphics up to the max -RRB- . For the RTS fans , this game is a vindication , with features that put Starcraft and other modern RTS games to shame . The in-game interface is strange at first , but after you get used to it the controls allow for incredible depth in ordering your units , building structures , even managing your base from another map . Almost every mission has a time limit , however these limits are not designed to be constricting unless you really drag your feet ; The average limit is an hour , with some missions allowing two hours . Most of the action will be conducted away from your base , utilizing dropships to get you to your destination . This adds a particular challenge to the game , as each trip in the dropship takes 5 minutes , and only carries 10 units , you will be forces to use your men wisely . In some missions , you will be required to defend the dropzone from enemy attacks , which adds whole new complications.With that said , I 'll touch briefly on the downsides . This game is not for those of us with short attention spans . The missions can and will take long periods of time , and with 2 cd 's full you will have your work cut out . Also , with over 400 technologies to research , multiplayer can be trying , however , if you do have patience , this game can be a blast.To sum up , I give this game a full 5 stars . The design and composition of the game allows for complete new use of strategy . Unlike other games of it 's type , you do not have to use brute force to accomplish your goals . you have many things , such as artillery , aircraft , missile strikes , counter-battery emplacements , sensors , commanders , and a myriad of other technologies to assist you . On top of that , the ability to design your own units adds a new dimension to the game . In my opinion , Eidos ' own words , `` strategy by Design '' sum the game up well . All in all , I think for the -LSB- money -RSB- it costs Warzone 2100 is worth buying .
 Warzone brings a unique approach to the RTS world of games , focusing primarily on research and development rather than resource management . This concept may sound familiar to those who recognize the name `` Earth 2150 '' , a better-known but overall dismal failure released after Warzone in an attempt to recreate this new style of play.Ingenuity and cunning is the name of the game in this real-time strategy , and a player quickly finds that mastery of Warzone 2100 lies in strategy , not the familiar tank-rush . The many dozens of unique weapons all have very different effects between structures , emplacements , bunkers , walls , hardpoints , cyborgs , and four styles -LRB- five with the version update -RRB- of vehicle armor . The main thing to remember when tackling this challenge is to think on a more realistic basis , rather than the video-game belief that any weapon will do a set level of damage , no matter what it 's fired at . For instance , a flame-thrower may roast out a bunker , but do n't expect much of an effect on a wall or tank . Also , do n't expect everything to be in close-quarters ; advanced bombardment weapons like Hellstorms and Ground Shakers can punish a base from afar , while the screen-crossing ArchAngel cruise missiles and the multiplayer Laser Satellite Strike leave no hiding enemy safe . Just make sure they 're in sensor range.As previously mentioned , the main point of Warzone is to research different technologies so that you may construct the specified units of your choice . The technology is arranged in a complicated tree , and for some techs in one `` branch '' to be discovered , technology from other branches may need to be researched . This brings an unavoidable drawback to the game
 I generally liked everything in this game . It 's 3D capabilities is what I like the most along with the many , many artifacts that could easily help you win the game if you have the right ones researched . Then once you research your artifacts , you can place them on your very own units . The artifacts have special specs like weight , armor , speed on water , speed on land , speed offroad , rate of fire , damage , etc.The only problems I found were trying to figure out which items to research before I could research something else . I needed a research tree , for example , `` if you research the light cannon , you will then be able to research a light cannon hard point ... '' So I endlessly clicked on artifacts to research , just so I could get a little closer to what I really wanted to research . The other problem is in multiplayer , the games can get to be so out of sync , that your whole base and army alike can be destroyed but what I like to call `` The Glitch Men '' . You 'll notice a Glitch Man when your opponents units are set to fire at will , on your screen you 'll be able to see a nearly invincible unit shooting something you have over and over again , on your opponent 's screen , he 'll see a calm group of units , peacefully not fighting anyone in the game . This can also work the other way around . One time , my opponent saw my units coming at him , so as any smart person would do , he destroyed them . On my screen , I had a peaceful army just standing there , not anywhere close to his units , being blown up spontaneously right out of the middle of no where . I nicknamed the result of such action `` Spontaneous Machine Combustion '' . All in all , it 's a great game , but with a huge flaw in multiplayer .
 I just downloaded this game from -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's been released for free under GNU . It 's good , but do n't pay for it . Please . It 's not necessary . I have n't played it much , but it is instantly recognizable as a high quality Real Time Strategy game . No chintzy stuff here . Very nice . And free ... I recommend running through the tutorial once as it 's very short , to the point , and helpful .
 If you 've never played this game , you may want to think twice before playing it if you do n't have a lot of time on your hands . This game is an absolute classic and it never gets old . One of the greatest -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- real-time strategy games ever made .
 this game is fun addictive and now it costs less than Starcraft ii and Command and Conquer 4 combined . Edios and Pumpkin software released the source code and there has been some massive work done on the game . it is one of the few good free games that will actually run decent on a NETBOOK . On top of that its now cross platform so you can play it on your Linux netbook while pwning your brother/sister who is on a windows machine in muliplayer mode . heck this is one of the few games you can actually play multiplayer locally . This game has 5 stars in my opinion.Source of my information
 WZW Warpig says : Without a doubt the best pc game ever produced . Been playing this off and on for 12 years . Although there are countless keyboard shortcuts , this whole game can be played by only using the mouse , which is exellent if you want to keep a beer in your other hand -LRB- does effect efficient gameplay tho -RRB- . lol `` Warzone Warriors Rule ''
 This is one of the most unique and in depth RTS games made . Even after all these years it 's still fun . My main point of this review though is to let anyone interested know that this game has been released under GPU license and can be had for free . There is a group called the `` Warzone 2100 Resurrection '' that is working on updating this great game . You can do a search and find it . There you can download their latest version including the music . No video cutscenes as of now , you 'd need the retail game for that , but it 's not critical to gameplay . The biggest improvement is the multiplayer aspects of the game . Long live Warzone 2100 !
 one of the best games ever bought out with full 3d controls in all axis . I would love to see more like this for purchase
 I bought this joystick to use it specifically with MS Flight Simulator 2002 Professional . It gives a more realistic feel than using the keys plus it has good response and many other buttons already preprogrammed for various actions such as trim , throttle , flaps and point of view.I do not like the response for action or maze games though . If you want to purchase a joystick for general use , I would ask you to choose carefully.I thought that the joystick base was a little heavier . Sometimes the base goes in the direction I 'm moving when doing sudden movements . You need to actually push down firmly while moving the stick to keep the base in place.The joystick 's grip is designed for right-handed users , left handed users may feel it uncomfortable although not impossible to handle.Make sure to have an available USB port . I connected it to a USB hub and works perfectly there . Also , the package states that the joystick works with games designed for Windows 98 Second Edition or later . I use it with Windows XP Professional.I hope that my review helps in choosing the best control for you . I took one star out because of the limited use of this joystick .
 I bought this joystick for the purpose of flight simulation . Although , I saw many other sidewinder editions , like the Force Feedback 2 or the Precision 2 , I wanted a simple and easy to use joystick handy . This joystick clearly does the job . With 6 buttons and easy to move controls , this joystick do all the jobs you expect from a basic and affordable joystick . For setup , simply plug into the USB port and you 're ready to go . It is portable , lightweight , and does n't take up a lot of space . It works like any other joystick . Best of all , it is at a very affordable price .
 I have always enjoyed flight sims , but I did n't have a joystick . I got the Sidewinder , and it has served me well . It has n't failed or broken to this date . It is fairly light , but has a wide base , so stability is not an issue . It has only 8 buttons however , which may not be enough for advanced gamers or for true flight sims that have many controls . Also , the lack of instant rudder is a downside . As I recall , setup was painless and have n't needed to bother with reinsatlling drivers or getting tech support . It is comfortable , but i find that after several hours of using it my little finger starts to get sore . Overall , it is a great joystick for a basic gamer . It is reliable and cheap , so if you want a joystick for simple uses , this one is perfect .
 About a week ago my friend got a flight simulator that I found very enjoyable , but I did n't have a joystick . So I came here and searched around for a while . My friend has the Force Feedback joystick and I intended to get that , however it 's quite costly so I decided to get this instead . This joystick works just as well as the Force Feedback -LRB- I think it 's better , it does n't tire you out as much -RRB- , it lasts longer -LRB- the Force Feedback has been known to jam up after a while because the motor will break after a year or so of usage -RRB- , and it costs half the price .
 It 's very easy to install , just plug it in a follow the install wizard . It works with regular Windows 98 , not just Windows 98 SE and later . It feels more stable that the Logitech Wingman , even though it 's less weighty . The handle is a good size and the movement is easy . A great purchase .
 No instalation required . Though if you start Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000 Professional , and then connect , you have to change the settings . VEry durable ! Still works . Only two button are really needed .
 As the title suggests , the Microsoft SideWinder is n't anything fancy . It 's got three thumb buttons , a trigger , a throttle that I sometimes accidentally bump with my arm when I 'm flying -LRB- which can be fixed by moving the stick closer to the centerline of my body , and the throttle thus out from under my arm -RRB- , and four buttons on the base which I never use , because I prefer keyboard controls . And it 's plug-and-play , so I 've never had any problems with having to trade it out for other USB peripherals.The GOOD news is , it 's durable . I remember playing Wing Commander Prophecy on this stick -- a game that came out in 1997 . It 's still chugging . It 's lost a little fine articulation since then , perhaps 3 % , but that 's to be expected . Honestly , I 'm a bit surprised it 's held up as well as it has.So , there you have it . If you want a good joystick for kids , or for that matter a joystick that will serve you well until this time next decade , you could do a lot worse than pick the Microsoft Sidewinder . Just do n't expect too many whistles and bells .
 This is a great game . It is fun , intense and takes much thought . The premise is a 1920 's generic city that is loaded with gangsters . Your job is to run a crime syndicate and take over the city by defeating the other crime organizations , aquiring much wealth and owning a lot of property . The game is fun to play but it can be slow sometimes and a little repetitive . The game takes thinking too and is n't just a `` run-around , shoot 'em up . '' You must negotiate with other crime bosses and pay off city officals . Making hits is great as well as bombing buildings . The game is surprisingly realistic and has much detail . Besides the fact that the game can be slow at the times , I highly recommend it . I wish I could give it a 4 1/2 stars . If your interested in the Mafia and some strategy , I highly recommend purchasing this game .
 Gangsters Organized Crime is , in my opinion , one of the best games ever made ! I play it hour after hour , day after day , and it dos n't get old till you have to stop . The first time I saw it , I new I wanted it . I had never heard about it at all until I saw it . Finally I got it for my birthday . You can not believe how fun this game is . You start out designing your facial features from a pool of hair designes and faces . You even pick a nickname for yourself ! Then you pick the gang color , the number of hoods , buisnesses , and money you have , and you ' r of . Once playing you extort buildings so you can collect protection money . Buy buisnesses and send hoods to run them . Build illiegal buisnesses such as a speakeasy , casino , and lloan shark . While doing so you compete to gain control of the city from three other gangs . You purchase weapons and cars to take out the enemy . Order hits , bribes , and recruitments . Each hood has special abilities , so assemble indivisoual teams for certain perposes ! Order your lawyer to pay of the police , and their no llonger a problem . Take out the witnesses and bribe judges to save your men , our you . You win when you have killed all other three gangsters , you become the mayor , or you go strait . This game doew take a few hours to get the hang of it , but it 's worth it . It is ` nt worth paying five dollars less to not be able to enjoy this wonderful game . There are a few thing that I hope will be improved in the sequal . You can only order eighty hoods in one week , you can not frame your enimies , and it is hard to get territory once some one else has it . These are minor though , I highly recomend this game . However , it might pay to wait a few months for the sequel .
 Great game , lots of different things to do ! Like different ways to win , and many different things to do during the week , -LRB- Bomb Buildings , Collect Protection , Bribe , Kill , Buy and Run Legal and Illegal Businesses , and more ! -RRB- Barley any blood , when people die they fall down and dissapear , a chalk outline of the body remains . And normaly your not paying attention to that person ... Very `` Hustle and Bustle '' kind of game ! So get the demo and try it out very fun and exciting ! It 's also a good challenge too , just what I like !
 An older but classic strategy game where you call the shots as one of several competing mob bosses . You determine each week 's orders for your various hoods , from recruiting more hoods to setting up illegal businesses or bribing officials . Your hoods can commit minor crimes such as extorting money from local businesses for `` protection , '' or commit more violent offenses such as theft , arson , assault , or murder . You also supply your hoods with the right weapons and vehicles for the job.After the orders are given and you hit the street , you can follow the individuals and see they do , giving basic orders with mouse clicks . Will they run into other hostile gang members or the police?Win the game three ways-abandon crime and go straight , run for mayor and get elected , or destroy all the other crime bosses . The game has a fantastic concept and premise , which provides for a lot of entertainment.There are several major drawbacks to the game . The first is the clunky interface as you try to administer your orders . It can take forever to sort through all your recruits and see who is worth keeping , and it takes a lot of repetitive clicking and dragging to get all of your orders situated . Also , once the week gets started , it is difficult to really be able to follow all of your hoods , and you ca n't give them very good instructions.If you love the idea of running a fantasy mob enterprise , then this is the best game out there . The graphics in games have improved in the last few years , but this game still provides a lot of entertainment , especially for the money . I have to say I like this game .
 This is the best gangster game I have ever seen ! The only reason it is not a five star is the fact that it is hard to get started with . But once you get the hang of it is easy ! With scenerios and long game it ranks the best game i have ! For additional help get the Prima Strategy Guide .
 This is a pretty cool game . Its VERY challenging , I only know one person who 's finished it . You do have to like strategy games to like this though , because there is n't much else to it . I mean theres not much interaction in the gunfights , its not much of an adventure because its slow-paced , it is strategy pure and simple . The concept is very cool , it can get a bit repetitive though . And its slow , you do n't get much action until you advance a bit in the game . In general its a cool game ... . theres something addictive about it ... but be warned , its not for everyone .
 Gangsters is the best game ever ! At first it is a little difficult to understand all the buttons , but go through the tutorials and its a breeze . You 'll love blowing up buildings and finding new gangsters and buying old cars . It does ' t get any better than this !
 I got ta say this game ias worth the the . The learning curve is pretty big , but if you stick with the instructions , any idiot can overcome it.lol.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game to any avid Strategy game fan . This game was created to challenge your mind , and if you have a shoot em up wit , you have wasted your cash.But ... . I would recommnend this game to any and everybody . LOTS OF FUN !
 This is the greatest game in the world . It is so cool how you can blow up buildings and kill cops and bribe people . I ca n't wait until Gangsters2 . Parents do n't worry this game is n't influential because it is fake and in the 1920 's
 The only problem with this game is it has a high learning curve . But really all you have to do is follow along in the instruction book and you 'll figure it out in no time . When I first played I went straight to playing so I was lost . Do n't be dumb like me ... follow the instructions . You 'll be thinking about your gangsters all of the time . The only problem I found is that there was n't enough interaction . As in like if you could go walk around in your casino in first person and stuff . The greatest part of the game is that your always having problems . Either you have cops knocking on your door 24-7 , or an opposing Gangster is moving in next door . It 's your job to get rid of the gangster and maybe pay off the cops . And you have to think like a gangster in the 20s . You ca n't just kill kill kill . Or you 'll be arrested before you can say you rule the city . You have three different ways of winning . Run for mayor , defeat everyone , or be a millionare and just walk away . Bad part is you ca n't verse people like `` Lucky '' Luciano , Al Capone , and Bugsy Moran . But still an awesome game . Highly recommended to strategy gamers .
 I am a huge huge fan of simulation games . This game I think topped it all off . Even though I think the sims is the best simulation game ever to go on the market . This is n't to far away . This game actually makes you feel like your a godfather of a huge crime organization . It gives you the feeling that you are in an authentic 1920 's new york neighbourhood . This is a must buy for any simulation fanatic .
 I bought this game 3 days after xmas . Looking for a little action i found this game on the shelf . I did n't even hear about it until i went home and played it . I thought that it was the stupidest game I had ever bought . but then i decided to explore the game on the internet and finally i learned how to play it and how to control everything ... . Now ! gangsters is on my top 3 list of games ... Do n't even borrow this game . . BUY it . if you borrow it BURN it !
 Gangsters is a very good game , it has good graphics , and some pretty real sounding sound effects . In this game , you are the leader of one of the gangs in the city , and its your lob to wipe out the other gangs and take over the city . What i think is really fun , is picking a fight with an innocent person walking along the rode , and you go and shoot him and run , hehe but after you do that cops might try and chase you down , and i found how to control that , is by having at least 3 or 4 of my gang with each other and have all of them shoot at the cops , because the cops have some damn good body armor on , and it takes a few extra bullets to take em.What i also think is fun is to go blow up a building , and the most thing about blowing things up is to try and toss a few bombs in the police station and run like hell , use one of your goons with a fast car , so he can get away without being ran down .
 this game is the best.you can shoot , beat up , scare , bomb other gangsters or cops.you can buy guns and cars.you make your own mob.you can get lawers ans cops to work for you . this is based on the gangster in the 1930s in chicago.you can start wars.i could tell you more but i wont because it wont be that fun for you if you buy .
 This game while it can get complicated is alot of fun . It has alot of very good points to it . It is the most realistic gang style game I have found as it lets you corrupt officials , build fronts and illegal bussiness as well as legitimate . You can even run for mayor of the city . a difinte good buy .
 This game is a very good game . It has many way to approch it so it never becomes boring . Much better then it 's sequal Gangsters 2 . It is not easy though but not impossible . I enjoyed this game very much and I recommend this game to anyone who likes sim games .
 In gangsters your the boss , you decidewho lives , who dies , nobody does nothin ' unlessyou give the order . this is by far the best mafia gameout there.so why did i only give it 4 stars ? because thecover of the box could have been done better.So what areyou doin reading this review , buy the game so you canhit the streets and get into the action .
 This game is good . this game is fun . this game has many options and features . this game is criminal and yet decent . This game makes you the boss and how your run your mob determines your rank . Go for it . Have a blast playing this one .
 The game is fundamentally old . There is absolutely nothing that can be done about that . In its day when it came out , this probably did n't have the replay value of starcraft , but it was a whole lot of fun . All of the accusations against this game have some basis in reality , but I have not seen anything that rewards the game for the merits it does posess . I thought this had the coolest cinematic sequences of any game I have ever seen , and they are plentiful . Every mission will feature at least some short cinematic . The sound track was catchy to say the least . The graphics are advanced , for the time , and gameplay/strategy are undeniably fun - even if the four races are similar . Overall I loved this game , but I do n't know how well it stands up against its newer descendants .
 I like how no one mentiones the bridges - as they must have not played dominion multiplayer and felt the odd effect of having a map with little squares for everyone to build on , and then attempt to bridge into your base.Most of the interface improvements over CnC were later stolen and fully adapted to CnC by Red Alert 2 , including the tabs , queue , and some other features.The game really needed to have more refined , polished graphics and more diverse sides , and remove some of the AI retardedness that causes units to stall and requrie micromanagement while doing simple tasks like moving.I 'd buy it just to learn about how RTS games evolved .
 This game is great , even though its really old . Some games today are n't as good as this game . The soundtrack is excellent . And the Intro is amazing . One of the best intros I 've seen . Give it a try .
 See the above.Apart from more difficulty levels to choose from , I ca n't think of a single thing that is wrong with Commandos.If you are intrigued by the whole behind the lines commando soldier thing - this is it!I love the ingenious differences that the cast has . The 2D graphics are a great sight in a world where 3D rules . The concept and AI of when , where and how enemies become alerted to your presence is very clever and realistic . And the list of great inventions just goes on.It deserves every bit of the five stars I have given it .
 I received this game from a friend for my 14th birthday a few days ago and have played it . I will tell you this much , it 's very challenging . It may look easy , but it is n't . Other than that i found the graphics and the sounds to be fairly realistic , but I have alot of fun playing this game .
 This game is fun and very hard to beat unlike other games this game is actually a challenge for me to beat . For that I rate it a five star game . I hope the new commandos game is much harder , but not impossable to beat .
 I have finished the first commandos and it was good . This one is similar to the first with new features and weapons and stuff . There 's nothing wrong with this game technically . It runs fine on my 450 MHz 128 MB Ram computer with a VooDoo 2 card . I also play online at Mplayer and I recommend you have a DSL/Cable connection or better . Each player -LRB- up to 4 -RRB- gets to control an individual and work together to finish a mission . However , if you have 56K , it is so slow and laggy that it takes like 1 - 2 hours to finish a mission . Do n't even bother trying . Another bad thing about multiplayer on Mplayer was the lack of people . I go on their on weekends during peak times and I can only find like 7 people at the most that want to play this game . But even solo playing , it is still fun . They give you neat objectives like blow up things and rescue people and stuff . This game is mostly about TIMING TIMING TIMING and staying out of visibility from the enemies and knowing which character to use at the given moment . It 's pretty fun and I 'd say that you get what you pay for on this game .
 It is always hard to follow up such a great game as Commandos
 This game is simply the most fun I 've ever had with a PSP game . No , it 's not perfect D&D ; , it 's missing multi-classing and a few skills and feats . But it 's damn close , and you get more character customization than you 're going to find in any other PSP game anywhere , guaranteed.If you 've ever played `` Temple of Elemental Evil '' game for the PC , this looks and plays very similarly . The focus here is a little less on role-playing and more on fighting though -LRB- but that 's why it 's called D&D ; Tactics -RRB- . The game is LONG too . I spent about 92 hours on the campaign and finally finished it . You start at level 1 . I do n't know what the highest level you can hit , but everyone in my party got up to level 19 . Even after you complete the campaign , you can go through it again , and make some different choices about which dungeons to explore , or whether to lean toward good or evil , so there is a fair amount of replay value.-Graphics are smooth , colorful , and fantastic . Almost every spell has it 's own animation . Each character has a unique look , and you can customize their hair and faces to a certain extent.-Sound is wonderful , and there 's a wide range of background music . There 's even a sound player option so you can play the music during your pencil & paper games if you want.-Gameplay would be hard at first if you have no knowledge of D&D ; , but soon anyone will learn it . There are lots of ingame help available on just about everything.Game balance may be a bit off , my party was leveling faster than the game was expecting , and I was going through some adventures 2-3 levels higher than I should have . You can mitigate this by switching characters between adventures though.The manual is a little lacking . It does n't tell you that hitting the `` select '' button will zoom the screen in and out . It 's a very useful feature that I discovered by accident . I wonder if some of the negative reviews here are by people who never figured that trick out?My biggest problem with the game is that I 'm already dying for a sequel !
 There are few games in the past ten years that have given me satisfying turn-based tactical combat experience . This one has . I currently DM pen and paper D&D ; and have found this gem to hold up very well against the ruleset . Sure , there is very little in the way of role-play elements , but truth be told , you ca n't role play on a computer -LRB- AI -RRB- worth a darn any way -LRB- reading page after page of `` story dialogue '' and choosing from a tree of contrived responses in not what I call roleplaying -RRB- , so this gets right down to brass tax ; turn based combat.Character creation is very involved and exciting ; the experience point system has been accelerated , so leveling happens often -LRB- maybe a little too often , actually , as the lower levels offer excitement that is entirely different from mid and high level characters -RRB- . Atari has included most major feats and their implementation comes off well . The skill system is fully included , but a bit deceiving . With the lack of RP elements , I have n't seen any use for knowledge skills -LRB- or other non-combat skills -RRB- and wonder why they were included . Had I known the game was almost strictly combat based , I would have configured my skills differentally for each character before starting.The in-combat interface works well . Line-of-sight seems to be right on and using cover seems to affect my characters chances of being hit . What this game desparately needs is a status screen that shows a breakdown of your numbers -LRB- i.e. if your AC is showing 17 , there is no way to tell how you arrived at that number , you have to figure it out yourself -RRB- . Also the game lacks a numerical breakdown of the damage each character does in combat , or even the potential damage you could do based on your weapon , base attack and feats.I hope Atari comes out with a patch that brings the background numbers out so the player can see them . A real character sheet would be such a welcome addition -LRB- the interface for viewing each character 's stats is terrible -RRB- . As far as I can tell at this point , there is no numeric data that shows what spell -LRB- s -RRB- each character is currently affected by -LRB- just a generic symbol over his head -RRB- . Without these fixes , this game will have a hard time finding a group to identify with as it wo n't satify the hardcore players enough and will likely confuse and frustrate the casual player.All-in-all , though , I have been glued to this game before going to bed every night . Each weapons and suit of armor has been rendered -LRB- although there is no close-up vanity view of your character -RRB- . All items , feats , skills , etc. have a detailed description available at any time . If you plan on picking this up - do youself a HUGE favor , if you do n't already own it , pick up the Players Handbook to go along with this title because you WILL reference it ! I look forward to the the next title in this series -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- - I bet it will be spot on!UPDATE
 ... this game would get a much lower review.The developers did a decent job of taking the D&D ; rules and putting them on the PSP . A few things are missing , but that 's understandable.This issue comes in with the difficulty . D&D ; rules say encounters should be scaled so you can get through 4 of them before resting . The game does n't do that . I find myself having to rest every battle or 2 . Also , monsters do not always match the available equipment to fight them . -LRB- There are a lot of early monsters with damage reduction , but there is no way to get the weapons needed to overcome DR. -RRB- User interface can be a pain . You always have to move the camera so you can see where you are going and move your characters . -LRB- It would be nice if walls and such were semi-transparent , but that may be too much to ask . -RRB-
 Seems to me a lot of reviews that trash this game are really unfair . I loved it and really missed it once it was over.I am a Dungeons and Dragons player and I 'll admit that the fact that this game is based on DnD rules was a major draw for me . Lets just say it 's very satisfying to see all the classes and races and items you know so well and to form your own well balanced party to kill stuff and find treasure . That 's what it boils down to and that 's what it delivers.There 's no use in complaining about the game not adhering strictly to the rules since obviously a PSP game has limitations that your imagination and pen and paper dont.The story is retarted . There are no real decisions to make and there is no role playing . It 's dungeon diving , plain and simple . Level up your guys , explore cool settings and get stoked when you get your head bitten off by a mind flayer.The graphics are beautiful . Lighting a torch in a pitch black dungeon looks just as it should . The menus are awkward as hell , but you learn it after a while . It 's also sort of glitchy . Save it in multiple slots . Hopefully they make a sequel and work out some of the irritating bugs because this game has a lot of promise for strategy fans and DnD freaks alike .
 This game is great if you like D&D . If you dont then you wont have a clue wat is going on in the game . The game can be kinda slow but it can get tense . So if you like D&D or know how to play it get this game .
 I used to play D&D back when I was a teenager , and I was currently looking for a time wasting game for traveling that was turn based . Since Risk has n't been rehashed , I decided to give it a shot . From what I remember about D&D , this game seems to follow the rules exactly . The graphics are good , and the game plays well . I dig it .
 The game is great , though it is extremely difficult to understand and play correctly because it is so rules heavy , and this limits the enjoyment for people who have no experience with the table top version of the game . The rules are implemented quite nicely . OTOH , if you know the rules prior to playing this you 'll find it way too easy.It does lack important aspects of the game , such as random encounters and a possible `` automatic '' threat releveling for missions . Maybe in d & d ; tactics II.Some things though make little sense . During missions you are permitted to rest and heal completely while standing outside the Boss ' door !!!
 If you 're a hard core D&D ; player , you 'll love the level of detail found in Dungeons & Dragons Tactics PSP . If you have n't played D&D ; before , it might take you a while to get a hang of all of the attributes here.This is a role playing game with every aspect under control . You do n't just run in a mad ax-flailing rush as quickly as you can move your controller . Instead , each character can only move X blocks a turn . This gives you plenty of time to explore the room , evaluate your options , determine exactly who should move where to get the best results.The graphics are rather impressive for a game of this style . You get the torches in the corners , the campfires , the chests and various types of monsters . However , the game goes a bit overboard in this area . They are going for a dark , gloomy look . The result is that you literally ca n't see what is going on on the screen . I would get alerts that I was being attacked - and I would see something swinging - but I would have no idea where they were , what they were or how I was arranged around them . I would try to navigate for a better view and be unsuccessful . Some times I literally had to move my characters to a clearer area of a room just to be able to see what was going on.The menu system is a bit overwhelming . They try to stuff a lot of information into the game and it ends up being a pain to wade through . What 's ironic is that D&D ; fans are going to find plenty of important things that were left out . They definitely could have done another month or two of tuning on this to make the game more intuitive to play as well as including a few more aspects that D&D ers ; have come to expect.There 's also a problem with how tasks are laid out . If you happen to kill Monster X , suddenly you ca n't go loot the rest of the dungeon . You have to be very careful to do things in order.Still , for real D&D ; fans this is about as close as you can get for a D&D ; experience on a PSP . Well recommended as a fun game to get your D&D ; fix , as long as you can be patient and tolerate some of its issues .
 D&D ; fans rejoice ! Finally a game to implement the 3.5 rulebook with psionic characters ! You can finally put those long dormant mental powers to use using all the characters designed in the d20 D&D ; 3.5 system in this game . The downside is , this is one your PSP , which is n't that great a platform for party-based/turn-based adventuring . I can explain.First of all , this game is amazing . I mean , it is the closest thing to the pencil , dice and paper games of D&D ; past with great TRUE implementation of the rule set . I mean , I like to move around from 'til e ' to 'til e ' in turn based mode when roaming dungeons , so I can better plan , rather than real time RPG 's which leave me feeling somewhat panicked . I mean sure , battle can do that to you , but I feel that taking some time to make your moves assures that you are putting more thought into it , which would be impossible in real time across multiple characters . This gives individual control and thought to each person 's actions in the party , and that trumps all other styles of play , IMHO . All of the ` basic ' classes are there , including psion and psychic warrior , as all of the ` basic ' races , and most of the applicable rules.The graphics are fine , very three dimensional , and with a rather blocky polygon count . However , base body appearances that remain static regardless of body armor or headgear are a little disappointing . Still , the animations are pretty good , especially non humans , like the wolves and dogs . Some problem animation issues were n't resolved , like the issue surrounding ` unseen ' monsters which do not move at all but slide like chess pieces when coming out of the cover of darkness . On the plus side the lighting and fog effects are great.The sound is ok . The music is good , but gets repetitive , and the sound effects are nothing special , but fairly varied and appropriate . There are no voice overs for the ` sliding puppet show ' cut scenes , and this is fairly disappointing . I guess no voice overs is better than cheap voice overs , and imagine they were left out for budget reasons.The game play seems pretty linear , as your encounters are laid out on a map kinda resembling a `` skill tree '' and your battles are sequentially tougher as you travel further along the road . The availability of new adventurers to hire , and new stores to peruse is great , and really adds to the gameplay . Your party is not limited to the original cast which you can create , or borrow the ready made ones to start things off quickly . You find out as you travel , the ready made ones you passed up in the original party formation can be added later in the game at various stops along the way.Character creation is simply the matter of picking your race -LRB- Human , half-elf , half-orc , elf , dwarf , gnome , or halfling -RRB- , your sex -LRB- male , or female -RRB- , your class -LRB- barbarian , bard , cleric , druid , fighter , monk , paladin , psion , psychic warrior , ranger , sorcerer , and wizard -RRB- and your attributes -LRB- strength , dexterity , constitution , intelligence , wisdom , and charisma -RRB- and then assign your skill points and pick your feats . These are familiar to every D&D ; fan , but if you are new to D&D ; , but have played other RPG 's , this will give you some idea of what to expect.The downside is significant , and predictable . D&D ; requires a wealth of information to displayed on screen at once , since each character has huge inventories and stats to keep track of . Not only that , but buying and selling inventory from stores further complicates matters . The exchange of inventory between characters further complicates matters . The fact that both right and left hands may be equipped with weapons further complicates matters . This is just one aspect of the problem.The other problem is game control itself . Each character has a wealth of options to do at any given turn , including spells which need preparing and accessing . How do we access these all these options , and keep track of everything going on the screen , while not losing sight of the character whose turn is underway?Well , they attempted to solve the information display problem by using abbrevations , and collapsable bullet menus , and with the rest of the navigation -LRB- including gameplay -RRB- they went with a central horizontal/side scrolling menu . This menu , which is visible for almost the entire game , does everything from character options during a fight , to dungeon exploration options , to map navigation and party management.This takes some getting used to . I mean , most of the up-down , side-to-side scrolling is done with the directional buttons , but some descriptive information about items is accessed using the joystick . The ` x ' button is the select button , the ` circle ' button is the back button , the ` square ' button changes from equip to unequip and back , the ` triangle ' button is good to quick sell inventory , and the ` left ' and ` right ' triggers can be used to horizontally scroll through the characters . During battle or dungeon exploration the ` select ' button can be used to zoom in the viewing angle , and the joy stick vertical axis controls the degree of overhead angle , and the horizontal axis rotates the view . The character menu is accessed through the directional buttons , and the ` x ' is used to select . Hit start to bring up the ` save/options ' screen during the battle to save when on the fly , or speed up gameplay by using chess mode , or other options.There is not much intuitive about how this game is controlled , but it can be learned without too much effort . I have often found myself drawn to the character creation and shear infinite combinations of party members that are possible , and whenever I come across a difficult dungeon , sometimes I start again thinking some other configuration would be more successful in EVERY possible situation . Once you play this game , you might start thinking like I do , that there is a challenge behind every corner , and you really have to be prepared , and make the right choices at every turn , or you will find this game very difficult . The first three battles are quite easy . A team of halfling bards could survive with no armor , if you play it correctly . But , could a team of halfling bards make it all the way through ? I doubt it . It would be nigh impossible . This is the attraction . They designed this game to kill you , and destroy your party . While it helps the more times you 've been through a dungeon , you will find new challenges along the road the further you travel , and often times you 'll find regrets . But it is overcoming these obstacles that makes it addicting , and seeing your character with just a few hit points make a miraculous save is always heartening.If this game was made for the PC , it would be a five star must buy since all the problems could be overcome . Even with the limitations of the PSP , it overcomes much of its negatives by giving us so many positively creative ` tactical ' challenges , and enduring replayability.Recommended .
 It 's a great game if you play D&D 3.5 or even 4 -LRB- but not so much for 4ed players -RRB- but for people new to the game it 's a little challenging at first and could start off a bit slow . I 'd still recommend this game for psp users who want to play D&D but ca n't for some reason .
 ok 1st off I am a dungeons and dragons former nerd . so my review might be seeming to be in favor of all the options in this game -LRB- which I am -RRB- but they may not be for everyone.this game has all the D&D ; favs such as the Beholder , Illithids , Dragons of course , Undead and so much more . also the -LRB- up to 4 player -RRB- multiplayer wireless adhoc option is pure genious.just dont think this is one of your standard level up / loot grinders . it has these options and so many choices for everything from eye color all the way to feats and Psionics!Overall this game is done well and executed in the truest dungeons and dragons experience out there.Fans of the baldurs Gate series might want to rent this first since it 's turn based combat and huge menus may slow down this game too much for the hardcore action RPG ` er.Beautiful Grphics on the monsters and Loads of Equipment and Loot . enough here to keep everyone including me busy for many many hours.Graphics
 I have been trying to find this game for about a year now , all my local stores NEVER had a copy so when my daughter gave me an amazon gift card for my birthday I figured why not . I got the game and put it into my PSP and followed the tutorial -LRB- since i 've never played it before -RRB- . It was very much like Final Fantasy Tactics in its turned based playstyle with familiar elements like setting your characters on the map at starting places , taking turns between my characters while using their abilities to fight with enemies , heal , and preform spells and attacks and scenerios that you need to complete to progress with through the game . The game also uses some of the basics of the character creation of Dungeons & Dragons , choosing your race , male or female , your class , spending points on abilities and attributes and choosing your spells . You get to create multipul characters which you can choose to add to your party when you start to play . You also get to choose a simplified look for your characters and a picture to use in the hud for those characters health/mana bar . The graphics where ok , not great , but do n't get me wrong , for a PSP game they were actually good . All in all if you enjoy Final Fantasy Tactics and Dungeons & Dragons games , then this would be a great fit for your PSP game library .
 A lot of reviews are simply negative when compared to other games out there . . which is unfair since this is a unique game that stand out all by itself . The other turn based games people think of are Final Fantasy tactics is just not the same as this game . The style is different , and in my opinion , it far superior to the out dated ones in FFT . The turn based aspects are very predictable , you do need to think about your strategy and your party creation before you get into any encounters . This makes the game somewhat harder than most out there , it is not a twitch based action game , a battle can easily take 20 minutes for a boss fight . Sometimes it comes down to one spell that makes or breaks the encounter , or one class that has a unique ability . You can change your party any time but you have to level up , and that takes time . You will be saving game regularly , because you can be wiped out in one bad encounter.Exploration is the only part that is problematic in this game , in that you can not stealth around , but you can pull creatures to your party . So again , it depends on your tactics , not the game.If your looking to play a rewarding , and unique game , I recommend this one , it will be a D&D ; turn based classic .
 This game is overall a fun game , its hard but easier if you know the D and D rules , most parts of the game are fun and challenging ; its also neat that you can make your own character , or your whole party if you want.Its cool they have all the races and classes -LRB- and 2 new ones ! -RRB- normally DnD games have like 4 races and 2 classes or something.I think it would be really cool to have it on the Nintendo DS though , thou id really rather play the good old pen and paper table top Dungeons and Dragons , but DnD Tactic is fun for fueling your Dungeons and Dragons rush any time and any were on the go .
 My husband is an avid gamer and when he has to go away for duty with the Marines he gets rather cut off -LRB- Boot Camp broke his WoW addiction -RRB- . So when his birthday was coming up and bought him this game only having read the reviews . Let me tell you this has been the hardest game for him to play but he is loving the challenge . It takes his mind off the Marines completely .
 Multi could be better but hay Single player is fun . not as good as pen ad paper but a good RPG none the less get it
 Well , I am definately enjoying this game , the controls are not too bad , just it is quite a pain to trade items between your characters , you ca n't control -LRB- as far as I can figure out ... -RRB- if you want to give a bow to your ranger that your bard has , it seems like you have to give it to your cleric Then to your barbarian , then to your rogue ... then maybe your ranger ? If someone figures this out I would be happy to hear it.Gameplay is enjoyable , be sure you save often . I 've had to replay battles just because I accidentally loaded instead of saved.Well overall , there is a whole lot to this game , I 've barely scratched the surface , I 'm sure
 The game 's fun . It 's a little different each time . Different item drop , different something else . It 's a bit linear though . Each difficulty level is the same quests , same places . Maps are somewhat randomized . It 's the same bosses , monsters , etc. you see in all the levels . There are more of them in the later levels , more champion versions and what not with extra abilities . Still , the same looking monsters running around . They just have different abilities , hit points , and all that . So , after the second level , I got pretty bored . It takes so long to take anything down I sit there waiting with an army of skeletons twiddling my thumbs . I probably have n't figured out the hardest level.Anyway , multiplayer seems to be full of spammers . They pop in while you 're playing , a few lines of visit this site for $ 8 or $ 15 like you 're stupid or something . Then , they pop out . And they do it repeatedly . This would n't be so annoying if each time they sent a message it took up some of your screen in the upper left . Imagine you 're fighting a boss and a bunch of these spam nuts come in and now you ca n't see what you 're doing -LRB- 'cause half your screen is jerk # 1,2,3 says go to this site for the latest and new seasonal d2 items ... blah , just get off my screen ! -RRB- . To avoid that , I guess the real way is to start your own game with a password . Of course , to do that , you got ta know other people that play this game . Overall , probably loads of fun on multiplayer if you have people to play with . Just randomly going on there , though , it makes a person wonder . Is it that hard to see user XYZ is saying the same thing repeatedly and going in and out of games ? How hard is it to flag that , bump 'em off , and get rid of spammers and auto bots ? I do n't know . I 'm not a programmer . I loved playing with a friend in a LAN game . Multiplayer online ? I wonder why I 'm there . Just to get message after message for junk?Multiplayer online - big turn-off for me with all those messages taking up the game screen . I do n't have a pile of friends who play this game so creating a pw-protected game is n't really an option for me . The one person I sent the game to , could n't get it to work on Vista . Starcraft failed to go online with the Spring 3G mobile card thing . At least that loaded no problem . Sigh . After hours of troubleshooting , we gave up on getting it to work on Vista . My friend got such a headache from technical mumbo jumbo , it was a dead end . I 'd love to have that laptop for a few days and fiddle till it works . I 'm kind of like that . I like debugging stuff . Oh well . If you have Vista , good luck.Single player - fun . Hard at the higher levels . Takes a while to figure out what you 're doing.Multiplayer LAN - loved it.Vista - unknown how to get that to work . My friend kept getting lock-ups and could n't even get the video test to run . Yes , latest drivers . Yes , windows updated . Yes , tried compatability mode . Gave up . We have lives .
 Great game limited by its dated graphics . If you like RPGs , definitely give this game a shot !
 omg this is like the best rpg thats out there me and my brothers were addicted to this the cycle is like we get addicted to this and it dies we get addicted again and it dies again -LRB- now were addicted to it XD -RRB- im so getting this when mai comp is fast and working : -RRB- so i can play with my brother on battle net XD so yea buy it i gurentee u this is addictive in a good way : -RRB-
 Blizzard entertainment came out with the fist Diablo in 1998 and the gaming has n't stopped sense . With one of the first on-line , multiplayer games blizzard hit it off big time . Now with World of Warcraft -LRB- WOW -RRB- everyone knows Blizzard , however , these games helped to set the tone off the massive multiplayer online game . The first and second Diablos and the expansion to the second one `` Lord of Destruction '' are all here and are very simple to install and play . Both games are simple point and click , with everything basically explained in the guidebooks and installation instuctions . They are fun , easily played , and fairly addicting . I would n't recomment this game for young children , but anyone over 12 could easily play the game , seeing as the basic theme is good vs evil and you play as the good side . Overall , I love the games and enjoy the online free play as well .
 Love the on line play I can play for hours and never get bored
 Living alone can sometimes get b-o-r-i-n-g ! But now that I 've discovered Diablo I find that I look forward to my alone time . It 's a great game that never get 's boring and has a lot of cool characters that you can play with thier own individual skills . Each level of the game is challenging and the graphics are great .
 Devilishly AddictiveThe weakest part of the collection is the strategy guide , but you wo n't come to appreciate that until you have completed the first level of game play -LRB- normal -RRB- . While the guide does give some useful pointers and some helpful hints about what to expect , it fails terribly in giving really meaningful tactical advice . As an example , some monsters will always `` telegraph '' an attack . If you know what to look for , you can react before they actually do and you can either avoid them most of the time or strike first , thereby stopping it before it can happen . The guide mentions only one such `` tell '' , that of Diablo 's fire weapon , but there are many others , so watch for them . A last thought on the guide , half of it , basically the `` lists '' , contains really useless statistical information . It would have been better to include tactical info like how to set-up your battles , enter rooms , work with your hireling -- that sort of thing.I now must confess that when I bought the expansion pack , I never tried the original game , I just jumped into Diablo II . It is a seemingly simple game , yet when looked at carefully it is very intricate . You have the option of playing one of seven character types in a game -LRB- although you can actually start seven different games and play each character that way -RRB- . Since each character can specialize in one or two of three areas , there are virtually limitless combinations you can pick and choose from to do battle against the demonic forces of Hell . -LRB- The guide does provide some useful advice about where to put your skill points , but here again this could be improved upon . -RRB- The two ultimate goals in the game are to advance your character by defeating the monsters and to ultimately kill the four main `` bad guys '' . This is done by following a scripted story line , but within the story there are plenty of opportunities to deviate . From a gaming perspective the game becomes much more challenging as your character progresses . Once you finish the entire game you can play again at two higher levels and this is when things can become really difficult . -LRB- It would have been nice if these plots could have been changed somehow , but it 's understandable why they were n't . -RRB- I have two main problems with game play . The first concern is with the rewards received after major battles . It is frustrating to come close to death , perhaps even dying , only to get powerful items your character can not use . This happens most of the time ! A simple solution in the single player option would be a line of code that recognizes the character class and have the monster drop items only useful for that class . This is not an issue in any multi-player mode where everyone should have an equal chance at some goodies , but for the off-line single player mode -- come on!The second problem , and perhaps it 's just me or the character I play the most -LRB- sorceress -RRB- , is that the monster battles should get harder as the game advances , yet I find the battle at the end of Act 2 -LRB- Duriell -RRB- harder than the battles at the end of Acts 3 or 4 !! The first time through I must have been killed 15 times at the end of Act 2 , but I sailed through those other two battles . I mean really ... -LRB- The problem , by the way , is maneuverability . Duriell moves very quickly and you are limited in the space you have to fight in . This is less of a problem in just about every other battle in the game . So the very first thing to do when entering the `` chamber '' , open a portal ! If you die do n't use it to return , go the long way . Also if you use it to escape , return the long way . That way , it remains there and you do n't have to worry about opening another . -RRB- If you 're looking for a game that allows you to approach it with either some tactical thought by playing a weaker character such as a sorceress , or more of a `` hack 'n slash '' melee role like the Barbarian , this game has them both . There are also some great cinematics at the beginnings of each Act . I 've wasted too much of my life playing this demonic game , it 's so addictive !
 This game has kept me playing for a few years now . I had to buy another because my other cds got scratched up a few times . If you are a gamer you definitley should buy this . There are also many mods out for it so if you ever get tired of the game you can download the add-ons and keep playing for longer .
 Diablo 2 is the best game i have ever played is is packed full with everything a young boy can want . voilence , you wont believe some of the cool seens they show . and a hole lot of adventure . this is the best game i have ever played . IAN RUTLEDGE everyone should play this game .
 I bought this for my teenage son for Christmas and he said it was Awesome . He really seems to enjoy playing this PC game . Graphics look good as well . Cant wait to see Diablo III !
 I 'm really enjoying this game . I 'm about to finish it ... will definitely play again as a different character . I 've always wondered what all the hype about Diablo was , now I understand . Outdated graphics , sometimes is jerky ... but is too much fun to sweat the small stuff .
 Amazon again was back with its amazing shipping . I ordered this on Saturday , and it was on my doorstep Sunday morning . I do n't think it gets any better than that . Diablo II is an awesome game , even in 2011 . I had never played Diablo back in the day when it came out , and my friends convinced me to give it a try and it was awesome . The old school graphics did n't bother me at all and the game is tons of fun . If you have n't given this game a try you should . Get a few friends to play it with you for the full experience . Definitely got my hyped for Diablo III .
 Okay this game is a classic , when it first came out i was hooked for a long time . I still play on and off , now that d3 is finally in beta testing and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- released in the next 6 months I 'm going to play again until d3 's release . there is something about mindless hack and slash that keeps bringing me back , nice break from the big dogs out there . great game 5 stars .
 I found that the original diablo game was too dark visually as well as thematically . The base town stays in a perpetual `` middle of the night '' darkness , which only gets darker and creepier the deeper you delve into the catacombs . Plus there 's a significant lack of color , which gives the game a very hopeless and depressing mood . The thematic darkness mainly comes from the dialogue from some of the plot characters graphically describing the dark lord 's cruelty . Just outside of the entrance to the first level of the dungeon , there is a bloody man who looks like he has bones sticking out of his body , gasping a warning to you before you enter . In the dungeon , pickup items are hard to see and the mood is simply foreboding . I did n't care to play the game after my wife and I finished the first level of the dungeon.Diablo II is a much better game for the casual gamer , at least in the beginning . The visuals are brighter and far more colorful , and I 've played up to what seems to be about half of the game in single player mode . So far , the story really does n't get in the way of the fun gameplay , and the `` evil '' feeling of the first game is almost completely gone here . The only objectionable part of this game I can see at this point , is the way blood gushes out of bad guys as you kill them , which remains there on the ground until you leave the area . There are five characters you can play , each with their own unique abilities that you can learn , and unique weapons that they use.So far , the expansion only seemed to add two characters with new abilities . Plus the manuals are nice , because they describe all of the skills and items better than the game does.In conclusion , Diablo II is a very fun and rather addicting game that most adults and teenagers will find enjoyable . And perhaps after Diablo II is finished , Diablo I may have some appeal .
 This newer version of the Diablo 2 , in the ad there are the older version and the newer vision , you get everthing that came with the game like when it first came out . The Brady book is the big book that you had to buy 10 years ago at a very high price but you get it free with these game . Ask your self why a game that has been out for 10 years still has great selling power behind it . The answer is tha it is the game of the century . The game runs smooth as silk and it takes you to places that you will have great fun in wipeing out the demons that are lurking around ever corner . You built your aresenal of weapons and it is so easy to get the ones that you need to take out the forces that change during he game . I could write much more on this game but this is the bottem line . You will enjoy every minute of the time playing the game and you can restart a newer player all over again and have a different outcome and what i mean by a new player is choose another character figure and play the game all over agin . Buy this game , you will not be unhappy with your decison by doing so . BTW , the box set comes with everthing that you need to play the game and it is like buying it when it first came out 9 to 10 years ago
 IF you buy this game do not plan on having a life . its an old time classic one of the best games ever made .
 Diablo II is one of the best games I 've ever played . The graphics are a bit archaic compared today , but the fun level can not be overstated .
 I have always loved Diablo and now that they are releasing a new one -LRB- Diablo 3 ... at some point -RRB- I thought I 'd play again for old times sake . Just as fun as I remembered ! Good collection too , although I really do n't use the strategy guide : P
 This was a christmas gift . He seems to love it . Thats all he does when hes home .
 great game but it 's not the `` complete saga '' is another review said there is also the little known official diablo 1 expansion pack called hellfire -LRB- its here at amazon if you want more info -RRB-
 I currently am obsessed with Diablo 2 Expansion . I am 18 years old , and although it seems most other players are in younger teens , it does n't matter . When you are playing right next to another character you become lost in this fantastic world . Finding new items and gaining new abilities keep you from getting bored . While there are some people who try and take advantage of players , most people are very cool to play with . There are 3 facets of play in Diablo 2 Expansion :1 -RRB- Battle.net -LRB- also known as closed battle.net -RRB- this `` realm '' is for people who want to just play the game with other people much like the single player , but online -LRB- very fun to make a game and invite all of your friends in -RRB- .2 -RRB- Open Battle.net can be fun for some , but I find it extremely boring . It is this realm where you may `` hack '' your characters so to make them almost immortal -LRB- for example making youself level 99999999999 instead of the normal highest of 99 -RRB- and using items with insanely high abilities that are very common and easy to get . Battle.net and Open Battle.net are nothing alike , because in Open , no one is who they seem . A level 10 could want to duel -LRB- one on one fighting -RRB- your level 50 , but chances are they just wrote that they 're 10 , when in reality they are level ten thousand .3 -RRB- Single-player . This type requires no internet . You merely put in the CD and play your game alone . This is still extremely fun do n't get me wrong , but it is easier to trade for items and get your character at his best easier online . Also characters you play like this can be played on open battle.net , but not closed . Closed can ONLY be played online.I personally play on closed battle.net mostly , because I can trade for good , legitamite items and make my character his best . Take warning , people will offer you a free item if you do them a favor . NEVER EVER believe it . They are people who are out to scam you . For example one guy wanted me to go to a site and vote him for his clan leader and I 'd get a good free wand . As soon as i clicked his name on the site , the Diablo screen popped back up , I had no control of my mouse and my character lost all his items -LRB- which were all extremely rare -RRB- . So unless people just give you the stuff or throw it on the ground , it is not worth the risk.Diablo 1 and 2 without the expansion are fun games also , but Diablo 2 Expansion is the best . I 'd recommend this to anyone who likes fantasy role-playing -LRB- like Heroes of Might and Magic series -RRB- , and this set specifically so you can get a taste of how Diablo got so great and progressed .
 I have been playing this game since it came out . I gets to be boring after a while but then if you dont play it for a while and make a new character then it is fun all over again .
 it is the best game i have ever played and is awsome . it has great graphics and battles . even through it laggs some times it still great . it is also addicting and if you play it a lot you will want to play it all the time . i say if you want a good battling game buy diablo 2 not warcraft , and starcraft
 Both games -LRB- Diablo , and Diablo II -RRB- have some nice combat , smooth spells , and mice enemies and there seems to be a lot of it . It has specialty/magic items for you to enhance your gameplay . Even the online gameplay is rather smooth ... and free ... virtually any product by blizzard is worth your money and this is no exception .
 These games are great this is a must have item especially because of the guide that tells you all about the game . You can learn about strategy in multiplayer . In D2 you get 5 classes Necro , Barb , Amazon , sorceress , Paladin . In d2 lod you get those five + the assasin and druid . In d2 and lod you can hire mercaneries . In diablo you only get 3 classes Warrior , Rogue , Sorcerer , and you cant hire anyone . So I say D2 LOD is the best one , and a must have game
 From the moment you log in , to the time you kill Baal , the action never stops . This game and its expansion will have you addicted in no time.Necro , Paladin , Barb or Sorc ... . you decide which character you wish to become . After that , the fun never ends . 5 Acts with 3 levels of play -LRB- Normal , Nightmare , and Hell , there 's hours of enjoyment.If your looking for a game with longevity , look no further .
 Anyone who doesent like this game is wrong . Yes its hard but its nfun when you learn . The fun isent just in completeing the quests but in building your charactor and gathering new items to power up your hero . The game is fun , addictive , and worth your buck ... and 50 bucks for Diablo , D2 and LOD are included for a price that I paid for Just D2 when it came out . worth the price .
 Great game ! Been playing Diablo since the DEMO came out . Have n't played in a while since my original CD 's for Diablo 2 stopped working -LRB- my CD 's are UNDAMAGED , the program just refused to load any longer , even after installing on a new system and Blizzard refused to replace them -RRB- so I finally broke down and bought the Battle Chest -LRB- I did n't have the expansion set and I ca n't seem to find my old Diablo 1 CD , so ... -RRB- It 's still a great game , my only complaint is that Blizzard did n't replace my CD 's -LRB- They later claimed someone was using my ID # -RRB- and the Battle.net servers have slowed down ... -LRB- I 'm on a T1 line , so I KNOW it 's not my connection , as I play NOX nightly with NO problems . -RRB-
 I rule at Diablo I beat the first one with a warrior and now I tried beating the 2nd one with a Necromancer , but we have the expansion set , so I started out with a Druid . The Druid have some serious moves.He can call upon wolves , vines , bears , ravens , spirits , and Nature 's Fury like volcanoes , unearthly winds , frozen spikes of ice , and earthquakes from underground . He 's a pretty strong contender if you ask me!I would get this even if your do n't know Diablo ...
 It 's been a couple of years since I played this game and I 've got to confirm all of the other reviews saying how great these games are . When I saw that there was Mac support and a low price , I knew I had to buy this game again.I recently sprung for a new MacBook and when I tried to load Diablo onto it , I noticed that this is a Macintosh Classic Environment game . That 's definately not going to work on Intel Macs . I tried the Diablo II disk and downloaded the installer patch from Blizzard , but it 's looks for the install CD from the stand-alone Diablo II edition -LRB- not this one -RRB- . So , needless to say , I returned it . Once the price drops on Diablo II , I 'm planning to re-rebuy it . I went looking for other similar games to Diablo and could n't find any at apple.com/games . Blizzard really ought to look at updating this game for modern Macs .
 what can i say but buy this and play it and it is a must have if you like rpg games.this is an awesome package alot of mindless fun and the game is challenging.dont want to ruin the whole story of the game so i wont but turn out the lights sit back and explore the massive dungeons.this is one of the best for its period rpg game there are alot of monsters as well as treasure to find.i have to leave some mystery to it great game add it to your gaming library you wont be disappointed .
 Diablo 2 is , quite simply , one of the greatest games ever made . Four years after its release the entire package -LRB- graphics , music , gameplay ... etc -RRB- still holds up beautifully and it remains the pinnacle of the hack-n-slash/rpg hybrid genre.To this day I continue to get the `` D2 bug '' every now and then and I just have to install the game and play it ! I also recently picked up this `` battle chest '' as a gift for a friend and I can guarentee you that you 're getting an excellent value for your money ! -LRB- All 3 official Diablo games and the strategy guide ! -RRB- I recommend this without reservation !
 If this is the first time you look at this game , then you are definitely missing something out . Diablo II is simply the best game for its genre
 Well , it 's been 4 + years now since the first diablo was released , and i 'm still playing diablo II . I thought i played Diablo 1 alot . As far as how much time i 've put in , I 've played Diablo II for more hours then i can count -LRB- thousands of hours -RRB- . It 's everything diablo 1 is but better . Now i 've been on and off with it for a wile , but once you play it you will see how wonderfully addicting it is and you 'll always come back . I seem to play it for several months straight , then get a little bored , but i always come back , and so will you . Backed by the best computer gaming company in the world -LRB- Blizzard Entertainment -RRB- this game keeps getting better . Every so often they will release a `` Patch '' for the game that not only fixes bugs and problems , but greatly changes the game around -LRB- overall for the better -RRB- . Do n't worry about the game being old or the graphics not being the best . These things do n't matter for the really good games , which is the case here . Just get it , play it , love it .
 Let me tell you what kind of gamer I am . I usually stick to baseball simulations -LRB- APBA , Strat-o-Matic , DiamondMind -RRB- , and every now and then I will buy something kind of newfangled and cool . For example , until I purchased The Sims and Diablo II -LRB- DII -RRB- and Lord of Destruction -LRB- LOD -RRB- expansion last summer , the last non-baseball sim game that I had purchased was Civilization II.DII and the LOD expansion pack are the most addicting , intuitive games I have EVER played !! What makes it so great ? The endless variety and the fact that the game never plays the same way twice.First , you get to choose from several character types
 Having played and enjoyed fantasy games for years , the ultimate playing-enjoyment has topped itself with the fantastic games in the Diablo-series ; Diablo I , Diablo II and the expansion set `` Lord of Destruction '' . I highly recommend anyone -LRB- preferably adults -RRB- to try out these grand games!If you 've ever felt the tiniest attraction to fantasy games -LRB- or books for that matter -RRB- , you ought to find these games more than thrilling!There 's a particularly satisfying feeling to bashing in the heads and other parts of the bodies of truly horrifying monsters!Add to these adrenalinpumping experiences the allure of discovering treasures and magical weapons galore!All in all ; TREMENDOUS FUN !!
 The Battle Chest is a great way to introduce friends , family , or enemies to the world of Diablo . Amazon neglects to mention that the Battle Chest is a hybrid CD , good for PC and/or MAC . Do n't believe me ? Check out Blizzard 's online store and it gives hybrid specs on the box . Alone or online D2 rocks !
 Years after their releases D1 and D2 are still going strong even though their graphics are outdated . Why are these antiquated dungeon crawlers still fun and addicting ? Because back in the day you had to rely on great game mechanics rather than todays graphics driven games . Buy the BattleChest its more than worth it.Consumer Warning
 I had to re-buy this game because my original version would n't play on Vista . This version is still has glitches and takes forever to load but is still worth it if you are a Diablo fan .
 Excellent game , still fun even if I first played it almost 10 years ago.Excellent seller , too .
 Bought it for my son , but got hooked on it myself . I was only looking to replace the original Diablo that had been lent out and subsequently disappeared -LRB- will never do that again -RRB- , and found this Battle Chest version for a sweet deal . We do n't have a gym out in this small town , so when we need to work off some issues , we kill virtual beasties ! Hey , it 's a fun game . Too easy to get carried away in it . too .
 Diablo2 -LRB- + expansion -RRB- is a really fun game ! I used to play this game when I was younger and I recently felt the urge to kill some monsters again ; Diablo is the game for that ! The synopsis is really inventive , the monsters are cruel and as monstruous as possible , and the heroes are strong and magically powerfull ! What else do you want to have fun from time to time in front of your computer?If you used toplay Diablo 2 -LRB- back in the years ... -RRB- or if you want to discover a game that can easily be played , even if you 're not a born amer , and can provide you with immediate thrills , without having to spend a couple of hours trying to understand what the rules are and how you can make your character move , buy Diablo 2 -LRB- + expansion -RRB- ! You wo n't regret it I promise
 I got this game because i fell in love with it when it released . I finally got it back . I had a problem with it working on my Vista operating system . Quickly fixed with the patch from Blizzard.Great over all game with plenty of online play and added playability with the constant changing of the maps . I 'll be on this game to the end of the decade ... lol .
 I bought this game for my husband who has been a Diablo fan since its inception . He still loves to play it either alone or with friends with the multi-player option . The versitility is what makes this game unique and enjoyable .
 Diablo II and it 's stellar expansion , Lord of Destruction , have been out for awhile now , and during it 's time on the market , countless fans have come around to all that is `` Diablo '' . One of the best Action/RPG 's currently available , this Battle Chest is one of the best ways to experience Diablo in all it 's glory . You get the original game , Diablo II , Diablo II
 For anyone who is tired of paying for an online game , but still wants quality , D2 LOD is the best . It 's addictive if you want it to be , but it is a fabulous time waster!A great game with plenty of depth , and the re-playability is astounding , with 7 classes to choose from and 3 difficulty settings , it will take you a long time to get tired of this game ! Highly recommended !
 This is quite a fun game . The graphics can be a little hard to get used to at first , but if you can get past them , you should have a lot of fun!Blizzard 's free online gaming is great , albeit not as good as Starcraft 's is . The online gaming service for Diablo 2 should be improved/updated a bit though . I think one of their other games -LRB- Starcraft -RRB- has a better looking one.I really like that Blizzard 's gaming service allows you to chat with your friends if they 're online playing most other Blizzard games too . If they 're on Starcraft or Warcraft III , you can put them on your friend list and stuff too , even though you 're playing Diablo . Its pretty nice .
 The more I play Diablo , the more I love it ! You ca n't say the same for many other games . This is a great game and I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . Plus , Blizzard has a great free online gaming service !
 Like most of the old blizzard games this one is well worth your time and money . If you have any interest at all in dungeon crawlers then this is one of the best . Creative bosses , Interesting loot , varied character builds , this game has everything you could ask for from an arpg . Be aware that the cut scenes wont run on windows 7 , so you 'll have to go to youtube for those if you 're really interested . The rest of the game runs really well though.In summary
 I am a 14 year old and this is my moms account ... i have been playing this game for about 5 years now and i have a level 80 sorceress , 84 paladin , and an 84 barbarian . i love this game . it is one of the funnest games you will ever play if you buy it . it starts off slow at the beggining but later on after you get to lvl 30 you get your best abilities and you can go around killing lots of monsters ... hint
 i have enjoyed this game since i was , oh say 15 , and cant for D3 to come out . i lost my old copy and so i purchased this amazing game .
 Love RPGs ? You will love Diablo II . The story is good , the gameplay is smooth and the loot is plentiful !! There are tons of great weapons and you can enhance your armor and weapons with other nify things you find in the game . This set rocks because you get the expansion disc and the full strategy guide . Well worth your money . Careful ... this game is a time bandit !! You will get lost in it !!
 I have put many , many hours into this game over the years and still play it occasionally . I had to replace my game discs that got lost during a move and this was a reasonably priced way to get my favorite game back . It has been many years since it came out and some aspects -LRB- fixed aspect ratio -RRB- have not aged well . However , this game is still more fun than just about anything else I have ever played . Act III kind of drags out a little but it just does n't get any better than this -LRB- at least until Diablo III -RRB- .
 i was very happy with this product . it runs very well , no glitchs or hiccups . was pleased that it was the new version .
 Received on time and good price to buy . This was a replacement of previous owned game -LRB- can say played alot -RRB- Will be looking for deals in the future .
 This was bought for a birthday gift for my boyfriend who plays Diablo all the time . This set is a great addition to anyone who plays Diablo .
 Very happy with the ` Battle Chest ` purchase . It includes not only Diablo I and Diablo II , but also the Lords of Destruction Expansion in addition to the latest patches.Even better than expected for such a reasonable cost , they also sent an excellent Diablo II Ultimate Strategy Guide , which covers the characters , scenarios , weapons , abilities extensively with useful tips & strategies.Keep Up the Good Work , A Satisfied Customer
 I purchased this game for my MacBook . The game is a blast to play , but in order to install , you have to go to Blizzard 's Website to down load an installer for the most recent version of OSX . Diablo II works well , but Diablo I will not install at all and Blizzard does not have an installer for OSX .
 I bought this game to play online . It 's so much fun to play with other players together to fight against the monsters . Buy it , you 'll never regret !
 What is really amazing is that just when you think you might be getting jaded with Diablo II -LRB- seems to take about three years -RRB- you go online and download descriptions of the kits that are available , and of rune recipes , and of item creation recipes , and you just have to start one more character . And then if you get bored with that you can join the online worlds -LRB- very easy to do -RRB- and play with friends -LRB- or strangers -RRB- for a completely different gaming experience . I do n't know if it 's possible to get bored with that ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS COLLECTION ... if you have any important projects or studying coming up . Because I guarantee you , that you will start rationalizing why you can play for little longer because `` I can catch up on extra sleep the next day '' or `` I can work through lunch to finish up that report the boss is expecting '' . It is really that addicting . Even the 1st game , in its 32 -LSB- or maybe 16 -RSB- bit glory , is pretty addicting , but not even in the same zip code as `` Diablo II '' or it 's great expansion pack.Stop thinking about it ! Hit that `` Add to Shopping Cart '' button and be done with it . If you 're not absolutely hooked on it , after you install it , start playing it , and get ready for bed on that 1st night -LSB- at the time that you normally go to bed -RSB- , then you can come to my house and kick my neighbors ass -LSB- Hey ! I love the game and believe every word that I said , but I 'm not stupid -RSB- . ENJOY
 The first time I was introduced to Diablo , somebody I knew loaned me a copy to try , along with another RPG similar to it -LRB- I forgot the name -RRB- . I tried the other game . It was OK , but clumsy -LRB- you were controlling a moderate size group -RRB- . I figured Diablo would be similar -LRB- OK but clumsy -RRB- . It took me a bit to figure everything out , but when I did ... I was hooked !! I played it on and off for years after that . I was surprised at the difficulty curve -LRB- how hard it gets on upper settings -RRB- but that 's to be expected.I hesitated at getting Diablo 2 until a friend of mine got a copy and highly recommended it . I checked out his gameplay and knew I wanted it . I finally got it and noticed that the gameplay was even better , except for one thing . I could n't save anywhere I wanted , I had to find a marker for each level and activate it . That kind of sucks . You did n't have that in Diablo I -LRB- you just saved anywhere you wanted -RRB- . However , the upside is that you can go back and clear any level you want , if you 're having trouble progressing forward.All in all , I HIGHLY recommend both Diablo -LRB- especially the Hellfire expansion -RRB- and Diablo II -LRB- again especially with LOD expansion -RRB- . I normally do n't care much for RPG -LRB- Role-Playing -RRB- , but this one 's a keeper !!!
 Simply put , this is one of the best RPG 's ever made , anywhere.It does n't take much power to run . The graphics are storybook come alive . The sound is beautiful . The enemies are diverse , the plot spectaculier . The variety of items and rare weapons is very satisfying . And the replay value is high ! You 'll play it in terms of months not days . Simply put , buy it .
 Diablo and Diablo II are one of the best games in the world . I played Diablo II when it was first released . For 1 month I was stuck to my monitor playing Diablo 24 hours per day but its problem is : Its entertaining at first only then you will get bored from it ... I recommend you play it one month per year ... but I assure you will get stuck to your monitor this month.Your finger will hurt you after this month from that horrible mouse clicking you didAt last Star Craft is the best game blizzard did
 This game is very addictive I have spent almost 8 months trying to beat it but have failed . I really recommend this game to anyone . One problem i have is I ca n't install the expansion set . I get a message Insert Play disc when the play disc is already inside .
 Ok , being an RPG fan , I was pretty much dissapointed with the first release of Diablo . It offered very little in the ways of options that most of us RPG ` ers are used to handling around , but with the second release , it 's a totally different story . The whole game had an overhaul , where to get rid of it I had to move my home PC to the office to avoid playing it . It is the worse addiction I have had in my life . I am now under therapy . Thank you .
 They came out with the a new boss name lilith if you have the 4-6 i dont know !!!!!!! keys and put them into the hordric cube and make a new level . Well this is the best game and im only 11 fun fun fun buy or get owned !!! lol jk you can talk to people to trade or just plain complete quest or whatever you want to do . My computers busted so i havent played for like 2 months i hope my account hasnt expired . I just trying to say buy d2 plus d2lod and the books .
 This game is good . especially da set ! must have ... * switches * thy foos better buy thee game before i whoopis your assies
 Hard to stop playing , this is one of those games that you always want to go back to after you quit for awhile . You try something new and you go right back to it . Fun , easy to play , addictive .
 The game arrived in packaging in perfect condition a few days late . I contacted amazon for details of arrival date as I was anxious to play . Without any complaints from me they refunded part of the shipping and it arrived the next day . It was worth the wait , with # 3 coming out soon it was the perfect teaser . All CD keys were unique/not taken and everything looked brand new.Awesome ordering experience .
 I used to play this online when I was younger . Just reinstalled it and it is still entertaining . At the time the graphics were great , now they are sub par . Still a great game to pass the time !
 Already owned Diablo 2 but was missing the serial from the original D2 . Great game , ca n't wait for Diablo 3 .
 Everyone else has said it , and they are all right : This game is very addicting & extremely fun ; and with many characters , has a High Replay Value!My favorite is the Assassin !
 This is a fun game . It would have been nice if the original game would install . The LOD installation went off without a hitch . Lots of fun to play . . at least the first 4 acts .
 I liked the game as I played quite a bit of it when I first got it in 2007 . Though I went through a time where I faded away from computer games so I do n't play it as much now . The battle chest came with Diablo and then a bunch of Diablo II stuff including the expansion and strategy guides . Diablo is another great series that is offered through Blizzard . If my computer can handle it I may look into getting the third one . Its just too bad now that the battle chest only comes with Diablo II stuff and not the first one .
 We already have a set of the Diablo 2 discs , but because we have beenplaying the game for years there is a very small bit of damage to myoriginal discs.When I say this on special , I decided to replace and am one happycamper as I 'll probably play the new set for another 10 years .
 This is a great game ! Its a lot of fun to play both single player , and the multiplayer can be cooperative as well as competitive , either online or over a network at home -LRB- I prefer the latter -RRB- ! There are 5 classes to start with and 2 more are included in the expansion , and all of the classes have multiple specialization trees . With the patches from Blizzard 's website , you can even change your character 's specialization , and it also has its own Wiki page ! What a classic !
 This game was great when it was released 10 years ago , but it has been polished to diamond quality . I ca n't say how many hours I 've spent playing this over the course of the last 10 years , but it has to be in the 100 's or maybe over 1000 . They have new `` ladder seasons '' that breathe new life in the game . The graphics are certainly outdated , but the gameplay is fantastic . It really helps that the formulas that make this game click are available.If you play this game you should use `` arreat summit '' . I also recommend using `` JSP '' for trading if you get serious about it . They certainly enhance the game .
 The follow-up to the original Diablo game , Diablo 2 will provide even greater challenges than the original . Although the game does seem to drag on at times , the graphics and speed of the game make up for it . With five new character classes to explore , plus another two in the expansion set , the possibilities for character generation are endless.I would heartily recommend this game to any one who loves a challenge .
 I love this computer game ! If I set a time to play it , I go over that time . I get hooked to the game very easily . It 's worth the money , and guarantees a lifelong loving game .
 Diablo 1 was the most intense game I had played when it first came out . Diablo II went far beyond where Diablo left off , and then with the expansion the Diablo world was blown wide open with the wrath of Baal , Diablo 's brother . I have spent many enjoyable hours fighting Diablo 's minions and brothers and completing the quests . I can not think of a better deal for the price . This is a must-have for any gamer , or anyone wanting to see what great games are really like .
 This set of games are great in stead of buying Diablo , Diablo 2 , Expantion pack for Diablo 2 , and the gaming guide you can get this all in a great price . Diablo games are good because , they have great graphics and they have alot of fighting and if u like those this is a perfict game for you !
 Our family love this game ! Almost all my families and friends are playing this game ! We kill the monsters and collecting items -LRB- weapons , armors , etc -RRB- together ! People even sell/auction Diablo items on ... -LRB- just search `` Diablo '' on Ebay.com -RRB- . If you love Multi Player Game or Online Game , I guarantee you will love this game ! All I can recommend is buy it , choose your favourite character and ENJOY ! : -RRB-
 Diablo Battle Chest is one of the most amazing games . For the price the Battle chest comes for , i recommend it to anyone who is in for a action packed fun filled game .
 wow Diablo , Diablo II , Lords of Destruction , and the strat guide for only 50 Bucks ! and delivered in 24 hours . . I can say if you are the ultimate Adventure/RPG gamer get this !!!!!!!! hehe i 'm off to kick baal 's butt
 The thing about diablo 2 is that it is one of the best , and most addictive , games ever . You can say all you want about how it is all hack and slash and repeats and the bad graphics , but when it comes down to the enjoyment of the gamer , this is the game . I recieved this game 3 years ago , and today , I still play it over new games that have been very highly rated . I recently recieved Tony Hawk Underground , Return of the King , Eye Toy , and NBA Street vol . 2 , and yet this was the game which I was playing the next day , trying to get better . Diablo has kept my attention so long for many reasons . First is the incredibly addictve gameplay No matter how good you are , you can always get better , and this creates a constent need to get better . Whether it 's stats , skills , or weapons , there is always an improvment to get . The quests are simply a side thought , but they are still helpful . And the hacking just adds on to the fun , because even though it is fun to not cheat , sometimes you just want to go out and destroy all those characters that are giving you so much trouble in the real game . Overall , great game , so do n't get it if you want to -LRB- your loss -RRB- , but if you do consider it , stop looking at all the technical stuff and just buy it . The technical stuff tells you nothing , but just playing this game is as fun as a videogame will get .
 My personal opinion is I love this game , but there are several things you have to get over to enjoy this game1 . THIS IS NOT AN RPG regardless of what anyone tells you , this is an action game with rpg elements thrown in , but you 'll be fighting swarms of enemys in a mindless , but fun , point and click battles . If your looking for a good rpg go for baldurs gate 2 or neverwinter nights .2 . The game is outdated , the graphics are awful by todays standards . So do n't expect this to push the envelope graphically.however if your going to buy diablo 2 this is the pack to buy , you get everything for a low price .
 I never used to play computer games , until I watched my partner play Diablo , then DII , and had to try it . I immediately became addicted . Have given it to my daughter and son-in-law , who both became addicted instantly . It is user friendly , the graphics and wonderful , and variety of characters and setups seems endless . If you never get another RPG , get this one . The Expansion improves the game even more .
 This is a great game , considering it came out in 2001 . It has endless playability . It sets the standard for many games to come .
 A fun game that requires much clicking and time . Drawback are the graphics . buy this is your looking for a classic rpg game . no monthly fees is great also for online play .
 I am an old Diablo player , and i purchased this after having the craving to play again , and its been great all over . The package is fun , includes the original diablo which is memory lane as well , overall good purchase for the price
 As someone who is waiting for the wondrous third installment of the Diablo series , I found going back to the original two to be refreshing . The gameplay was still fantastic and the graphics , although leaving a little to be desired in today 's market , were still crisp and pure.Even though I have played this game to death and run through both the original , DII , LoD , and Hell , I still found it to be a very fun game . Challenging enough to go through it again , but familiar enough to be easy . I do recommend this product if anyone has n't yet played the series and for those who are hardcore , consider it if your old discs were dying like mine were.A + +
 This is one of the greatest games of all time . The hack n ' slash action is incredibly addictive ; and the online play is as good as ever -LRB- 8 years or so after the game 's launch -RRB- . I had to buy this game again , because I lost my discs . The price may seem a little high , but I assure you it is worth it !
 Even though it 's several years old , it 's still a great game . Very addictive , though : -RRB-
 I purchased this a few weeks ago after the explosion of news , screens , and videos that was Diablo III . I grew up playing the Diablo series with my dad and hold the series very dear to me . It brings back a lot of great memories and this set was great for a nostalgic like me . I 've owned other copies of the games over the years but this is by far the definitive collection for fans of the game.As you may know , the collection includes Diablo , Diablo II , Diablo II
 I had played the first Diablo years ago and loved it then . Finally got a little extra time to try out Diablo II along with it 's Expansion Pack . II was better than the first .
 Great game , great support from Blizzard in getting it to run on my new IMac .
 Diablo II is A hack-n-slash RPG with surprising depth . The gameplay is fast and furious that either hooks you for life or leaves you cold . The skill point system is amazing , allowing for a huge variety of character variations , there is 5 classes in the original and 7 in the expansion pack but each class has hundreds of ways to play . For example you can be a druid with brute force , become the werewolf and attack enemies with speed and power or you can summon animals to do your bidding but not with the same character . It 's the character variation and the will to make the best character possible that keeps you coming back . It also packs the original , which is a big plus , if you get bored of the second go old school with the original . But be warned , If you get hooked on this game there is no turning back . Shop wisely . If you have grades or a social life to worry about steer clear of this game . It sucks your time like a black hole . But it 's a compelling and extremely entertaining black hole .
 Diablo2 is the best game I have ever played in my life . The graphics are much beter then the frist one . And the characters are better , too . Also it is the hardest game I have ever played.Diablo2 lord of destruction is what makes it the best game I have ever played.And getting both in the same pakage is realy a good deal.Plus you get Diablo1 and you get a stradegy gide . I hope you by it and like it also I hope this was a goud review .
 So many years after playing this game and its still hugely entertaining . For those of you seeking to bulk up on lore and prepare for the upcoming Diablo 3 , there is no substitute to replaying it all . And for those new to the hack and slash , you will not find a better game than this . Be warned , graphics have not been updated in any significant way so the game will seem outdated and choppy , I personally recommend you instal it on a laptop or an office computer , cause lets face it . that report can wait another 2 or 3 days .
 hi , this was my 3rd copy of this game . i just love this game so much . that i bought 3 copy 's to always have a copy . it is filled with different charters and weapons as well as spells and runes and different caves and castles and land to explore . in my option this is the all time best computer game ever , i just love it.i have been playing it for over 10 years , and ca n't seem to get enough of it.i highly recommend it.enjoy , i know i am
 The only thing i wanted to mention to the other Mac gamers out there is that since Apple has dropped Rosetta from OS X Lion , this WILL NOT work . Works great in OS X 10.6 . : -RRB-
 I share the enthusiasm of the other reviewer who rate Diablo II . Always something different as a challenge.Mainly I wish to comment on how this game performs on my new MacBook Pro ... which is perfectly ... almost . I 've played the PC version for many years and recently went to MacBook Pro and the game works exactly as it does on the PC ... that is , perfect.The only ... and I repeat only , problem I ever encountered was lock ups of the game if I tried to use the stretch screen settings in the video settings . This is because I was screwing around to see if it would work in stretch . Actually , that video mode is marked as not recommended it the video setup window.The 800x600 mode , which is plainly marked as the compatible resolution , I 've been using since I got the freezes has worked without freeze and that has been at least 20 hours of playing.So if you are thinking of buying this game for use on an Apple computer ... you have no worries!Have fun .
 I first played this game a number of year ago , and can attest that it was very enjoyable and addicting . I think the fact that I still enjoy playing it over 9 years later attests to the games nearly peerless quality .
 With all of the games on the market today it is amazing that I can honestly say this is one of the most fun , most playable games I have ever picked up . I had never played the Diablo series of games , but have played other Blizzard games such as Warcraft . I knew that Blizzard was famous for making quality games but this is a true delight . Sure the graphics are dated but so what - the game is as fun as anything out there and the replayability is off the charts . The Battle Chest gives you Diablo , Diablo 2 , Diablo 2 expansion , a diablo music cd -LRB- cinematics -RRB- , diablo 2 walkthrough , and so much more . It is well worth the buy and you will quickly be amazed at how much time goes by when you are playing ! -LRB- a trait that many of Blizzard 's games share in common -RRB- Although I missed out on playing the Diablo games when they were first released , I am more than making up for it now ! Great job Blizzard , I absolutely can not wait to see Diablo 3 !!! Only one quick thing to mention on the down side - if you happen to have an Intel based Mac , you may run into trouble with these games or they may not load properly , if at all . Be sure to check your system requirements before purchasing or even better , get Mac OS 9 ready ... Finally , I would recommend the Diablo Battle Chest for anyone who is a fan of the games and wants to play thru them again for a good time , or a RPG/adventure fan who wants a quality series of games . The Diablo series can be played as single player or even on battle.net with other players for free . There are so many options , you will quickly find this game to be one of the best all time PC games . Believe me when I say that no matter what , you wo n't be disappointed with the Diablo Battle Chest ! It has something for gamers of all varieties .
 Firstly , yes , this game works great with Vista . Read my note at the end.Great gameplay , great graphics , great depth -LRB- even by today 's standards -RRB- . Free online play.If you want a deep online RPG experience but do n't want the complexity of WoW , this is your game.Still great after all these years . An RPG classic.hint
 I have played the whole Diablo line since day one . I have put up with lots of abuse , both from wife and kids , about being `` addicted '' . Hah !!! Then one day ... . after I poked my head in the room and ran right back out to see if anyone would chase me ... : -RRB- Seriously , this game has it all . On most of the lower levels , the game is the equivalent of ` Freecell ' . It is motion oriented solitaire , kind of mindless and entertaining . As you move up to the harder levels , surprises come and mental challenges . And of course the guy factor ... all those new toys !!! -LRB- We even like the nifty clothes ... errrr , I mean armor :-RRB- -RRB- The story lines are interesting , the players can be developed in soooo many different ways and actually have to develop different battle modes that translate well to their individual `` characters '' -LRB- Ever see a barbarian with a bow ?? -RRB- I highly recommend this game , regardless of age or sex , single or multi-player ... it rocks !!
 Diablo Battle Chest includes Diablo , Diablo II and the expansion pack , Lord of Destruction . This is a fun game to play online -LRB- World of Warcraft , this is not -RRB- . You get to play as a hero to fight the forces of Hell . This is a well thought-out game , worthy of being the best RPG of all . I 've played AD&D ; -LRB- and still do -RRB- , but Diablo has some stuff that AD&D ; does n't . Diablo II is separated into 4 acts -LRB- five with LOD -RRB- . Each of the 5 acts begins with a movie . The voice-acting is great . If you 're an RPG fan , than you owe it to yourself to play this game .
 This my friend , is an award winning gift set collection for any hardcore gamer . Novice or expert , with Diablo and it 's following titles this is a great buy for your money 's worth ! You get the first-ever action-packed Diablo game , it 's following ancestors , Diablo II and Diablo II : Lord of Destruction , and you also get Diablo II and Lord of Destruction Strategy Guide , and a cool poster all for currently twenty dollars ! Do n't miss out on this awesome gift set collection . In Diablo , you are destined to slaughter the lord of terror , Diablo . You get lots of fun filled quests with an epic story line , challenging bosses , great weapons , lovely items , and good graphics . In Diablo II , the lord of terror returns and again , you must go out and hunt Diablo . Diablo II has more items , weapons , better graphics , four acts , and great new challenging monsters and bosses that will keep you playing . Then , after you beat Diablo II , you must install Diablo II : Lord of Destruction . Diablo II : Lord of Destruction is the expansion pack for Diablo II . In Lord of Destruction the lord of terror does n't return , but you must seek and destroy a new enemy , Baal . Baal is the big boss , the lord of destruction people say . In Diablo II : Lord of Destruction you get thousands , not hundreds but thousands , of new items , lovelier weapons , lots of new monsters , tons of great big bad bosses , and a brand new act to complete , to seek and destroy the lord of terror , Baal . If you have trouble you can always turn to the Diablo II Strategy Guide that comes along with this great gift collection , and who knows , you may learn something new . Diablo Battle Chest is a great gift collection for anyone who loves Blizzard 's other award-winning titles , novice or expert , all non or current Diablo fans will love this gift collection . Why ? Because it has the first award-winning title that started it all , Diablo , then Diablo II and Diablo II : Lord of Destruction , two manuals , one big fat Diablo II Strategy Guide , a cool poster , and most important of all , addictive hot sweet sweet sizzling non-stop action that will keep you riveted . So for your average gaming buck , it 's not a bad deal , so I say buy this item now , or you 'll regret it ! : -RRB-
 I 've recently been on an ARPG -LRB- Action Role-Playing Game -RRB- bender starting back up recently with Sacred 2 . Sacred 2 is a good game but after about 20 hours invested a bug corrupted my character -LRB- which is fairly common as I understand it -RRB- . This happened twice . Being a console gamer I had only dabbled with the original Diablo when I was younger but during that time I was n't heavily into ARPGs , not like I am now anyways . Sacred 2 gave me the ARPG bug so I had to find something . I always see ARPGs being compared to Diablo 2 so I decided to step out of my console comfort zone and give it a whirl . The good news - this game is addicting as ever and definitely scratches the itch . The bad news - this game is addicting as ever and I ca n't put it down!Despite being around 10 years old $ 30 - $ 40 for the Battle Chest is an absolute steal . You get all the Diablo goodness you could want including the original Diablo , Diablo 2 , the LoD -LRB- Lord of Destruction -RRB- expansion and a surprisingly useful strategy guide . This is potentially thousands of hours worth of gaming if you 're an ARPG-aholic . Of course if that 's the case then you 've probably played this game to death . For those of us who were living in the dark or who are mostly console gamers like me - read on.Before I dig into the game I 'd like to comment on the usefulness of the included strategy guide . When I first bought the Battle Chest I figured the strategy guide might be useful for a complete beginner and that it would soon become useless as I learned the ins and outs of the game . Not true . This guide includes nice detailed descriptions for every skill in the game as well as which ones are the most useful in general and which ones are useful for multiplayer -LRB- and which ones are n't all that useful -RRB- . This is great because it allows you to dig through the guide and plan out a character build . It 's actually really fun just to dig through the guide and try to come up with different build ideas . This part of the guide will stay relevant for as long as you play this game or at least until you can memorize every skill in the game ! Something I 'll never be able to do . Also the author of this guide has a good writing style . 5/5 for the guide . Other goodies in the guide include a walk-through , a catalog of all the baddies with their details , tips from the pros and more.Now the meat of this set - Diablo 2
 I love Diablo . In my opinion D2 's the best game ever made . I 've played with my boyfriend 's copy but my birthday 's coming up and I 'm hoping for the battle chest . I 've played D1 and D2 before , just not D2x . D1 is n't really so great . People say it has a better storyline but I disagree ; it has an insane storyline that revolves around the items you have to give to people . It did n't click with me . However , I love everything about D2 . The graphics are great for when it was made , and are still very fashionable by today 's standards . It 's just not 3D , which puts some people off , but it 's a very good looking game and the MOST FUN to play.And to the person who said that the game is horrible because there are scammers and people with hacks on BNet , it is all true . Playing on BNet is horrible if you do n't congregate with people that you know . They all use hacks and steal items and scam you . But there is no problem if you choose not to interact with these people . Besides , this is irrelevant to the GAME itself ; this is the fault of people , not Blizzard . The GAME is great but people are not . It is simple as that . The game still deserves 5 stars because it 's the greatest game ever made ! Very VERY addicting .
 First of all , this set is great because you pretty much get Diablo I for free , and even spend less than you would buying D2 plus the expansion pack separately . Diablo II is the most addictive and well put together game I have probably ever played . The expansion pack makes it even better . This single set represents literally months of really enjoyable gameplay .
 `` If I can just make it to the Arcane Sanctuary , I 'll call it a night . '' How many times did I say this , only to see - out of the corner of my eye - the sun come up?Both Diablo I & II are insanely addictive , so keep that in mind when buying this as a gift for loved ones . While the Diablo II expansion included in this set -LSB- Lord of Destruction , or LoD -RSB- keeps the game fresh , Diablo I is essentially outdated . Diablo I was an amazing game during the pentium era in which it was released , but times have changed , and ultimately there is no reason to spend much time playing Diablo I when you have the sequel and it 's expansion in your hands . -LRB- There is an expansion available for Diablo I , called HellFire - but again - why not just play the far superior LoD ? -RRB- It should be mentioned that Diablo II is far outshined by LoD , but you need the Diablo II program on your computer in order to load up LoD , so that 's why this package is n't completely redundant . The strategy guide included in this set is for Diablo II ; it is somewhat useful for beginners , but advanced players would rather have the LoD strategy guide -LSB- not included in this set -RSB- . I recommend that players download the latest patch from Blizzard , to get the most out of the game.While Diablo II & LoD are linear in their game play -LRB- you follow the same path every time to get to the end of the game -RRB- , it is nonetheless impressive how character development can go in so many directions . Seven character classes are offered , and each class has 3 different `` skill trees '' to progress in . Focusing on certain skills within a tree can itself change the way in which you relate to the game ; characters can become so specialized that names have been attributed to them -LRB- lexicons can be found on the Net -RRB- . For example , if you choose to play a character of the new Druid class , he can be differentiated into a Shifter , Summoner , Elementist , Botanist , Windbreaker , Bowling Druid , etc. -LSB- lingo used by Diablo addicts , these are n't terms that the game itself uses -RSB- . It could be said that choosing different paths renews the playability of the game , as you are forced to figure out new strategies to survive . Once you beat the game in `` Normal '' mode -LRB- i.e. , finish all 5 `` Acts '' -RRB- , your character may venture into `` Nightmare '' mode , which adds new dimensions and incentives to continue investing time in your hero -LRB- it gets worse
 Firing up Diablo II takes me back to my early days of D&D. ; I recently recevied the game from my cousin who has been a hardcore Diablo fan since Day One.The Battle Chest is a great value . Although I 've been slashing my way through D2 , I just found out that a friend plays D1 online at BattleNet . Lucky for me , and others who 've discovered the Battle Chest , I 've got both games.As many others have pointed out , the interface is rather intuitive . I 've played D2 online for the most part . Starting out is a real challenge . If you 're killed with no backup weapons back in town , you need to trudge out and reclaim your posessions barehanded . And the fiends who inhabit the Diablo landscape are n't going to make it easy for you.As characters develop , they really do take on their own personality . As you `` level up '' you decide where skill points will be distributed . Will you focus on lightning skills , or become the master of two handed axe wielding ? Its up to you . Lots of todays teens will easily get drawn into the adventuring , to be sure . But for for the old-school adventurers who yearn to dig out their 20-sided die one more time , give Diablo a whirl .
 I do n't really own the Battle Chest , but I have bought each game individually . I doubt that matters , though . Diablo was a great game when I got it and it still is , but I never play it anymore because of Diablo II and Diablo II Expansion Set . Diablo II is the best game I own , besides its expansion . I sincerely recommend these games but you might not want to get normal Diablo , because it will most likely be neglected as long as you have the other two .
 ... And it 's a GREAT value !! To tell you the truth , I have n't played it a whole lot , so I ca n't rattle off all sorts of neat facts , but I can tell you it kicks the `` you know what '' -LRB- ... -RRB- out of most games.The graphics are improved with the expansion pack included , allowing you to have 800x600 resolution even on the original Diablo II , which is cool . There are two new character classes , and they are both welcome additions . Act V with 6 new quests I believe , is on the expansion pack.Like I said before , this is a. . . value . At first , I bought Diablo II for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- . Then I planned on buying Lord of Destruction for another -LSB- $ $ -RSB- , but then it hit me ... that , my friends , is a -LSB- joke -RSB- !! I got my money back for Diablo II , and then bought the battle chest which includes Diablo , Diablo II , Diablo II
 this game is the best game in the world go buy it
 Ok this is probably the best deals I have ever seen ! I cant emphasize this any more ! Diablo1 alone cost -LSB- an amount -RSB- plus D2 which is -LSB- an amount -RSB- if you buy it anywhere eles . plus D2 expansion pack ... altogether it comes out like -LSB- an amount -RSB- ! but here you get it for -LSB- a low amount -RSB- ! This has got to be the best game I have ever gotten . . Yeah . . its hard in later levels , but what fun would a game be if you beat it in only a week . DIablo 1 is good but Diablo2 is the best I would have to say ... and the expansion pak makes it better . It is totaly worth the twenty bucks !
 My boyfriend gave me a copy of Diablo I for the sole purpose of playing the multiplayer ` battlenet ' feature of it with him . What I did n't expect was to fall in love with the game . I 'm a big fan of first person shooters and normally do n't leave that genre , but this game has opened a whole new world of gaming to me . The graphics are great , the storyline is good , and controlling is as easy as it could be . I definitely recommend getting the Battle Chest if you 've played Diablo I and want a LOT more . Diablo II is a bit more difficult , but after playing Diablo I , you WANT something a bit more difficult . This is a great game and any person who loves games , will for sure fall for this one .
 many people think that other roleplaying games are better . i found d2 and d2x are awesome ! i baught the pack cause i gave the game away to a desperate freind , never to see it again . i played diablo AFTER diablo 2 , so it was a let down , blizzard made D2 mountains better than d1 , but d1 is still fun , has more a plot line to follow . d2 is better than everquest , cause i love larger battles with monters rather 1 on 1 in a large pointless world . d2 normal is harder , ebcause its harder to level in there , d2x makes it easier , and has a lot of good features . but its more fun to do d2 , then d2x , just to be amazed at the new things , rather than get it all at once . it is addicting , so if you do n't have extra time , be warned . if your buying to use while working , do n't , you 'll be -LSB- upset -RSB- when you have to exit fast , its that addicting.if you do buy this , i was so addicted i had 3 level 80 + characters on battle.net , which is the best thing in the world . hope this helped . its a good buy , or just buy d2 and d2x
 BEWARE ! BUYING THIS PRODUCT MAY CAUSE YOU TO LOSE A SOCIAL LIFE!I bought this game for Christmas in 2001 , and believe me , it 's worth every penny . My brother often played it though , so I could n't play as much , but I played it often whenever I could , as long as I wanted . You will probably get too addicted playing this game , that when you go to sleep the only thing you 'll see and hear are the dying of cows from hell . This game will keep you entertained for a long time because the variety of things you can do like making a javazon or a bowazon and so on . Although it 's rated M , i do n't know why because I 've seen games rated T but have equal or more amounts of blood . A great buy , and if you ca n't get ur parents to get it cause of rating look rite here .
 This game is the greatest game I have ever played . I love the variety of characters , the five acts , the fact that it 's alway 's different , the different weapons , the different pieces of armor , and everything else . The first time I saw it , I liked it , the first I played it , I fell in love with it , and now it 's like a drug , it 's so addictive . About a week after I got it , my father died from lung cancer , and the morning of the funeral , I was playing it . The game is a challenge , but a fun challenge . The last two acts are extremly hard , but doable , and very fun . I would not recommend this game for very young children , because it is kind of scary , what with the demons and all , but it 's good for anybody over 12 . All things considered , it 's great .
 Diablo II and its expansion are of the simple type . You click to move , talk , and attack or pick an item up . Believe it or not it 's actually quite fun , and the high degree of customization allowed by the spell trees guarantees that every character will be different . The game has , for it 's time , ok graphics and sound . The storyline is ... there ... It 's ok , but do n't expect an epic story such as in Blizzards other games like Starcraft or Warcraft . Their are several different character classes to select from , and they are all vastly different , which gives some incentive to try each of the classes . But here 's where the good stops and the bad starts . Diablo II has some of the WORST online play I have ever seen . This game suffers from some of the worst lag spikes ever . I have Dell 's new XPS system and I can play Battlefield II on maximum settings with virtually no lag at all ... I fire up Diablo , and within a hour , I have come across `` black walls '' where lag is so bad that part of the environment is n't even loaded up , meaning that if the online lags too bad and these `` black walls '' appear all around you , your screwed , and your only option is to exit the game and come back , and deal with all the respawned monsters . Another case of horrible lag occurred and I found a whole cave of foes that were n't moving or doing anything . I could n't do anything as well ; I could n't attack them , drink a potion , log off , or even port back to town . After waiting for a minute , the game stopped lagging and I saw myself dead surrounded by a huge horde of monsters . When a game this old lags like this on a brand new very powerful computer , I tend to have issues . Also , another big problem are the PEOPLE online . Blizzard ingenuously made the game to where any player can declare hostility on you whenever they want . So what 's to stop that level 99 sorceress from killing you and your other level 15 buddies over and over again until every single bit of your money in your inventory and your `` safe '' stash has fallen out onto the ground for them to pick up ? Nothing . And nearly all of these high levels WILL do this for little or no reason . I finally got to where I only played with people I knew on a pass worded game , simply because I was tired of getting killed over and over by a bored level 99 . But it 's not just the PK ` ers -LRB- Player Killers -RRB- that ruin the online experience . Constant , page filling adds by people advertising websites to buy items and such fill the chat area , making it very tedious to carry on a conversation , and hackers run amuck everywhere . Whether hacking your corpse after they killed you to make you drop all your gear , or hacking themselves up gear that is impossibly strong , or just stealing your account and destroying all that time spent leveling your characters and getting them powerful gear , hackers also make the online game incredibly unfun . The offline is fun for a while , but it gets tedious and boring after a while . I realize that most of my complaints are to the community , not the game , which s why I rated the game a four out of five . But in terms of fun , this game gets a three . The offline simply is not enjoyable enough to make up for the dismal online experience .
 This game is cool because single character games are better than army -LRB- well there close -RRB- but you can kill people with spells and that is very cool . ... . d2x is the best . the only thing i dislike is battle net . the only reason is pepole scam you . but offline , i think is way better . people who like to kill people this is the perfect game for you . i really recomend this game .
 I 've played a lot of games in my time , but this game above all others has taken up more of my time than possibly even sleep has.If you have the Original Diablo , and if you liked it ... then you 'll love the battle chest . It features both Diablo 1 and 2 , as well as Diablo II Lord of destruction which is simply an expansion pack to number 2 . It features a new warrior , and a few more levels -LRB- characters etc -RRB- . You are a warrior sent from afar , destined to defeat Diablo the lord of Terror before all of mankind is consumed by his toturous hell spawning creatures.In DiabloI you venture into town as a Warrior , Rogue , or Wizard only to find that the town water has been spoiled by an unkonwn source below the grounds of the town cathedral.Make that first step into the dungeons of chaos , and you 'll never return.Diablo II
 I have owned Diablo II and the expansion pack for a long time . While trying to stay up to date with technology , I have built an ultimate gaming machine . The down side is that while Windows Vista 64-bit is a great O.S. there are many games that will not work on it . This includes Diablo II . When the manufactures place the compatible O.S. on their package , they should differentiate between Windows XP/Vista 32-bit and 64-bit systems . If your system can play this game I highly recommend it as an RPG game . It will give you some good background as everyone anxiously awaits the release of Diablo III .
 Excellent game -LRB- s -RRB- to play with others online or single person . Looking forward to the release of Diablo 3 coming out soon .
 I have played Diablo over 9 yrs and just a couple of months ago i got the Battle Chest . I am not tired of it at all , and every update made by Blizzard has being great ; providing more fun and action ...
 I love the Diablo series because of its easy playability . It 's just your basic dungeon crawler . It does n't require you to sit in front of it for hours or to play straight through . I mean , it is hours & hours of play time , but you can walk away for a week and not have a problem picking up where you left off . Also , you can create different characters of each class and enjoy the game all over again because of the different play style each has and because the map changes.Downsides : You ca n't just log off in the middle of the dungeon as next time , you will be logged on in town and have to fight your way back through to the dungeon and to the place you left off . Monsters respawn when you log out.I think the interface could be done a little better . I like to play solely with my mouse . But , I could mostly do it that way.I will definitely be buying Diablo 3 .
 My brother talked me into buying this game . I had no interest before since I am mainly a Command & Conquer fan . I bought it only so we could play together online and by crossover direct connect . Once I installed it and started playing , I play it all the time ... when I get home from work , on the weekends when I do n't absolutely have to do chores , and just about any other time I can squeeze in . I read reviews about the game before I bought it and I thought it funny that this one guy said his wife would casually walk by , glance at him playing the game , and tell him he was addicted . I 've never had my wife tell me that until now ... ironic . This is my warning to anyone who has n't yet bought this game , `` be careful or you may get divorced , broke , unemployed , hated , insomnia , lethargy , etc. and not neccesarily in that particular order '' . Consider yourself warned ... great game though !
 To put it simply , Diablo and Diablo 2 are the best available games of their kind . In spirit , they are successors to the classic game `` Gauntlet '' , where a small group of heroes -LRB- each controlled by a separate player -RRB- hack their way through some huge number of monsters . You take control of a character of a particular `` class '' and then proceed to kill monsters , gaining stats , abilities , and equipment along the way . A lot of the enjoyment in these games comes from playing with other people -LRB- whether they be your friends or random people on the Internet -RRB- , so it 's really great that Blizzard 's online service battle.net is free and easy to use . The price of this collection has apparently been slashed from forty to twenty-five dollars , which is a great deal for these excellent games.The main draw of these games is their carrot-on-a-stick design
 This game is a great classic for the PC . I remember years ago playing it every day , for so long trying to get to the highest level and get awesome gear . Even coming back to it years later , it 's still as fun as ever , as if I had n't even left.Some new things since that day of course but all in all it 's one of the best RPG experiences I 've had to date . People online are mostly friendly , the game is easy to pick up . And there 's no real consequence to not knowing how to build characters . No matter how you decide to develop your character , it 's generally going to be good and powerful.The only complaint I would have is online , on Battle.net , all of the ad bots that now populate the game lobbies and even join games for 20-30 seconds tops , advertising for some site to pay for items . But who can really stop that ? They 'll always find a way around the anti-bot mechanisms.Also end-game -LRB- post level 90 and above -RRB- is somewhat lacking , in my opinion . Most people use their characters to find better stuff or duel others . I myself have no interest in dueling , and the trading economy can get a little boring . But hey , unless you try to power-level , the trip from level 1 to 99 can take a long time .
 Diablo II is almost ten years old , and still this game is one of the best PC games , in my opinion . It is addicting , the graphics are great , and the online multiplayer is amazing . I definitely recommend any gamers check this out .
 Everybody knows Diablo - a great game!On a MacBook that I bought recently -LRB- it is Intel Core Duo-based , running OS X -RRB- , I had to turn off OpenGL -LRB- use software graphics instead of hardware -RRB- to be able to play the game . There was no such problem with the StarCarft game.It still plays prefectly with these settings , which is not a great surprise as the game was optimized for much slower -LRB- Pentium 1 or G3 -RRB- machines .
 I first want to start off by saying i do n't ever really write reviews for anything but I felt I needed to here due to such a great game and great deal this package truly is.I first experienced the original Diablo back in '98 or '99 i believe and was addicted to the game more so than any of the PS1 or N64 titles I had in my posession . I loved it and played it for hours and hours as a teen . The way the game kept you entertained was the way each dungeon level was randomized and left open a door of endless possibilitys . It really felt like you could play the game over and over and never get bored with it with such a feature . There is numerous things I can say about just the first Diablo game that you receive in the bundle but I 'll stop here.I have n't played Diablo 2 really unfortunately . Only for maybe 20 mins at max but from the experience it seems to be the better for the 2 games as well as having a still thriving online community . Considering all that you get with this package and for the price it 's unbeatable.You get not only the 1st Diablo game which also has online play but you get Diablo II and it 's expansion pack and the full strategy guide thrown in . It 's a great deal , going online with Diablo II is more fun than ever , I 'm just glad Blizzard has n't decided to close off the online functions for these old classics yet . Do yourself a favor and if you are a fan of great RPG classics GET THIS GAME ! It has over 100 + hours of gameplay and that 's not including online but with maybe 300-350 + hours .
 I played this game at a friends house and got hooked . it is the best !
 i think d2 and d2x are one of the best computer games ever . although d1 is very bad , the battlechest is good . d1 has the worst graphics ever and the sound and gameplay stinks . playing on battlenet is always fun but d1 has bad battlenet capabilities .
 Diablo II is a realy fun game when you play on the internet you can have your friends as alies . You can play not on the internet and get your character to high levels then play on the internet with that character and -LSB- win -RSB- . It is the funnest game to play . But dont let the M rating let you down that doesnt mean a thing buy it .
 The DII Battle Chest is probably the most convinient item ever!DII is the most addictive game in existence . Once you get on you ca n't stop for at least three hours -LRB- my record -RRB- . There are 30 spells for each character and so many items they ca n't put them all into one place . From The Triumphant Sythe of Shock to The Long Sword of the Leech DII has every kind of weapon . On top of that there is all the magic qualities that almost all items posses . Magic Elemental damage , extra life and mana are just a few of the magical properties an item can have . Then there are harder and harder monsters every level and quest . The spells charachters are capable of are amazing and devestating . Then the battle.net capablities are awesome as you team up with others players over the internet to complete quests and defeat foes . Then there is the random map generater that makes it different for each charcter . Once you manage to defeat Baal then you can do it all overr again and it will be different . This is definitely one game you ca n't beat in one night and have to get if you are going to get anything .
 I just got this game yesterday . I was an early birthday gift . This game is so fun , im allready a level 13 assassin . People who say this -LSB- stinks -RSB- are too weak to play this , or are jealouse that everyone else has it . I reccomend this to anyone who likes action rpgs and loves a hellish game . It is a bit funner to play online than it is to go single player . One couple even fell in love and got married just by playing this game -LRB- go to battlenet.com for more details -RRB- I hope they will come out with Diablo 3 .
 This game is so in depth . . Its crazy . I love this game
 This is great game that you can play for hours . This battle chest bundle comes with manuals and Diablo 1 and 2 expension CD . It is cheaper to get this than buying them sperately . Good buy .
 Purfect in every way . Fun for all ages .
 One of the best games ever . Diablo I was good but DII was better and with the Expansion pack it rocks . Never been adicted to any game like this ! The battle chest contains DI , DII and the Expansion kit with the DII Strategy guide ! Only game I play
 Diablo is a very popular game by Blizzard Entertainment . This game is reccomended for people who like gore , like medival games , and like action/adventure . This game has good graphics and is fun for many people like my cousins .
 This is an old game , and I wanted to review this for people like me that might want to play this game for the first time . First , it is hard to go wrong with a Blizzard game . Two , this is something that any rpg fan should try out . Read on if you want to hear about a great time-consuming rpg.This game is really a lot of fun . There are seven character classes when the expansion set is applied to the game , and this means there can be a great deal of diversity in gameplay . There is more than likely a character class to suit any gamer . -LRB- I chose to play as a druid on my first play-through -RRB- . After you pick a character , you get thrown right in with really no cushion to speak of.When the game starts , you begin the first quest , and any tiny little enemy is daunting . To make matters worse , you ca n't restart from an old save spot . This is the first game like that that I have ever played , and it made me really think twice about battle strategy and potion usage . If you die in the game , you go back to your starting place , and you lose all your gold and the items you had equipped . If you quit right after dying , the next time you play your corpse will be next to your character . You can retrieve your items , but the gold is still lost . At the beginning I lost a whole lot of gold . If you keep playing right after dying , you can travel to find your corpse where you died and you can retrieve the gold and the items . I want to just emphasize that this game is no walk in the park.Graphically , this was pretty good for when it was released . I have no problem with it , and the style suits the game well . The areas are interesting and the characters are all unique . I play games on a laptop , and it was nice to play a game without having to turn all the visual options to LOW . So I highly recommend this game to anyone that is playing games on an older or less powerful machine.The contents of the battle chest make this game highly worth the money . I spent forty dollars + tax on it at gamestop and I am still happy with the purchase . Buy this on amazon though because you can save ten bucks . The guide that comes in this is totally worth it . It gives a lot of detail to the different abilities each character can learn , and it gives brief walk throughs for quests . It goes into even more detail with full lists of enemies and items and all kinds of things . If you really like to dig deep into a game , this book can help on Diablo 2 . This game has enough content to make it fun for a long time . It has free online play with friends or random people . The expansion adds an extra act into the game . The seven different characters will make for a different experience , and the individual characters can be leveled up in countless different ways . It would be pretty much impossible to find another player that made the same character as you.A great deal of fun is in store for those with patience . I gave this a four out of five because , even though its great , I do n't like
 Diablo 1 is one of my favorite game of all time . I played it when it launched and loved it . I end up playing the game every couple of years and love it every time . I 've bought this game 5 times now and have n't regretted the decision to buy , maybe i should take better care of the discs.Diablo 2 is a really fun game , while it is n't quite what diablo 1 is you can certainly lose yourself in the game and have a ton of fun playing it.Diablo 1 is a timeless game that screams to be played from time to time , it 's fun every single time.Diablo 2 can be fun but is really just the bridge from Diablo 1 and World of Warcraft , I would opt for Diablo 1 or WoW .
 Awesome game . This is a classic in terms of UI design . I still play it even though it 's old . The battlechest is great for those who do n't have the game and this saves time and a bit of cash by buying them together .
 It was half the price that the blizzard store is offering it for . Definitely a classic and a great buy . I had to re buy this game since I lost the discs to it years ago .
 I 've played the Diablo series for about 13 years now . It never gets old , but of course I play casually now . Too much time will cause burn out . Blizzard Entertainment is an amazing gaming company . They manage to eliminate hackers , keep the game fresh , and continue patching games even long after release . Diablo 2 just got patched to allow respecs as well -LRB- limited to 3 per character -RRB- . Diablo 1 is fun to play with friends as well .
 Phenomenal RPG gaming . I have played the entire set of Diablo games , they are marvelous , have played through them several times . Fantastic gaming solo or multiplayer . Great way to pass the dark cold evenings of winter , or anytime really .
 Good classic game with developed world . A bit repetitive , decent even for being over a decade ? old .
 Addictive gameplay . Brilliant design . Massive replayability . I just completed the normal mode and am getting my butt kicked in Nightmare mode . Like all the intensity of late gameplay in the beginning game . I fear what is coming next . Monsters who were tough to kill even in normal gameplay . Especially now that the monsters that I just swatted like flies are kicking my ass . Still , I can always go back to normal mode should I get frustrated . But then I wo n't get the superkiller weps .
 I played this game many years ago and loved it . I thought I would take a trip through memory lane and buy the Diablo Battle Chest set that includes the original Diablo and Diablo 2 with expansion set . I ordered it used and I received nine disks . I have two disks for Diablo which look exactly the same and seven disks pertaining to Diablo 2 . Does this sound right ? Anybody know the exact amount of disks that come in the set ?
 I played Diablo II when it came out years ago and just got back into it . For the game being about 10 years old , I was pleasantly surprised that the game was still fun and the graphics decent after all these years . The best thing is the online game play through -LSB- ... -RSB- which is free -LRB- all you need is the internet access -RRB- ! You really ca n't go wrong with this game , I consider it a classic and is well worth the money . If you like kicking monster butt and gaining experience to create the perfect warrior then this game is for you !
 Everything came as advertised . This 2nd installment of Diablo is much more fun than the 1st . The strategy manual is quite comprehensive .
 I play on the Hell Unleashed servers - very fun and challenging . Message me on accounts * Agincort or * Agincort2 if you 're new and need some help !
 I love it.It went great on the download and it plays fantastic.I been telling my friends to get this on here .
 I bought it only a month earlier than D3 was in the market , to memorize the time I play D2 . Ca n't believe I can still get it .
 After reading reviews from so many games I felt it was a good choice for them whom they like so far . I already recommended to my friends .
 Though not much people playing it on battle.net , solo play is a fun . D3 has better graphics , but this one wins .
 The package was a bit smashed at one corner when it arrived but everything else was intact and no damages found on the contents of the box . Unpacked it , installed it and playing it . An excellent game for old gamers like me .
 This is the new version of Battlenet battle chest with Diablo2 and the expansion pack . It includes a `` strategy book '' instead of Diablo 1 in it . The original battlechest wouldnt run on my Windows 7 laptop but this version does seem to be ok . i still have Diablo 1 which I enjoy playing on an old XP machine . This is a great game that suckered me into buying Diablo 3 which is a joke . It looks more like a cartoon than a game .
 I love it ... I ca n't stop playing it , it truly is great and fun to play I would recommend if researching diablo
 Diablo is way cool but the problem is that the Diablo in this set is a shareware disc . So you ca n't play any character but the warrior unless I just really screwed up installing it . It wo n't let you talk to the people in the villiage either . Moving on to Diablo II
 best game ever !!!!!!!
 Its a great game but just warning u if u are planning to go on battle.net their are hackers that steal ur stuff and even if u have t3 conncection u get disconnected at least 1 out of every 2 games , after u get disconnected to have to wait 10 min to connect again . Also sometimes the REALM goes down and u have to wait about 3 hours just to play again .
 This game started it all . The best RPG one can ever play .
 I have played Diablo 2 but not lord of destruction , and when i played LOD it was cool , specially the new characters - Druid and Assasin were really cool . Its a great buy
 Teh Gamesies es fielled wit da murderz . Youz killin alz deh man-daemonzes an figtin ' alz da gobbersnitches . Choze deh barbaryian , it iz bes . Y0u be winna .
 I loaned this game to a friend before summer of '03 when his brother loaned it out to someone who left the state . He is just now recieving my game after it was ordered around January and is going to give it to me tommorrow -LRB- May 18 2004 -RRB- . This was a wait of 5 months to recieve this product . but having played it before I am very pleased with this game . I find such a wait worth it .
 First off , I could have just bought this game out of walmart of best buy in the first place but they had the new versions out . And I came here thinking that oh , there is still an old version out on amazon , then I bought this . and when I opened the packaging , my joy became crushed . I should 've known better that they would sell me a new version instead of the old version . This will suffice , my mistake is that I should not trust the picture in which I solely based my purchase on . It is a sad day on my part , yes , I only added a few bucks just to buy a shipped version of what I did n't want but I guess I 'm okay with it . It 's like a big F.U. while the box is laughing its ass off because of the big expectations I had . I wish they could just take down that picture . I will not return this though , will edit if I see some problems in the future . As of now , I will walk and just build up this hate I have for the seller . J4G .
 This is an incredibly fun game . The graphics are dated , but the game itself is much better than anything Blizzard has created since . I was pleasantly surprised to find there are still a lot of people online to play with . Blizzard did just leave the game as is with the newer battle chest , so it does not support higher resolutions that any modern screen would have . It plays fine on the wrong resolution though .
 Even knowing that this game is over a decade old , and that my friend 's neighbors are getting free copies of this game due to the previous owners getting Diablo 3 , I STILL deem this game worth the 20 bucks I shelled out for the Battle Chest version . I have been playing Diablo 3 , and I am not disappointed with it , yet it still in some ways falls short of the epic bad-assery of its predecessor . Diablo 2 is still an amazing game even after all this time .
 Well ... Where do I begin ??? How about the year 2000 , when it came out . My friend had recommended this game series to me because he was addicted to RPGs back then , so I figured I 'd try it out . At first , I wasnt very excited about it . But like most games I try , I give it time . It started to get exciting for me . I began really enjoying it . I was soo excited when I got me a computer desk and computer in my room that year , that I would play it often . The draw back during that time was the Internet and how limited we were to straight up dial up.I was n't going to play online because like most 16 year olds , I had a love life , and my own home phone . And I dare missed a phone call from my girlfriend at that time . Well . . As years went by , I put it to the side , and grew up . I beat the entire game including the extended version , and began to get more into my play station 1 and getting a Play Station 2 . Then , in 2009 , I found all the old CPU games and checked out this game again . I got hooked right away again . I 've long since not played it because there was no new style of this game . And the reports of Diablo 3 coming out kept on being delayed . So I gave up . Then , two nights ago , the BRAND NEW Diablo 3 Trailer Came on TV and all the excitement came rushing back.A note for all those who are considering getting D3 because Blizzard is the maker of World Of Warcraft , I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend you play this game to catch up , so that you may understand the idea behind the black sole stone in D3.Pros
 The game works perfectly on my intel mac snow leopard . The discs install fine and updates it to carbon and it runs smoothly without a disc .
 This is the best RPG ever made . I have played it for thousands of hours . It may be dated now , but it is still the best game I have ever played .
 The best video game value ... EVER ! I 've played Diablo 1 & 2 off and on for the past 15 years . Log on to BattleNet and still to this day , the servers are FULL of people playing .
 Diablo 2
 A great game . You start out with one of 7 character classes , but the possibilities for each class are so diverse that it 's more as though there are 30 or so . The choice of skills and the freedom and ability to finetune your character 's abilities and items is immense . The difficulty is just about right , never too hard or too easy and all classes are balanced . Great game .
 For any gamer , this is by far one of the best . . if not THE best ever made to date ! I was afraid it would not work with Windows 7 , but am very happy to say that it does .
 Got the game fast and it was in great condition . This game is great , everyone should get this game .
 Is the expansion for Diablo 1 included on the Diablo 1 disc or is it not in the box set ?
 Just add it to the list of masterfully created Blizzard titles .
 I must say , at first I did n't like Diablo II . I hated it to be exact . But , it does grow on you rather quick . I might as well get all of the bad features out of the way first.To begin with , unless you 're collecting all the Diablo stuff , Battle Chest can easily be passed up . The regular old Diablo II , without expansion was good , really good , I did n't lag much , never had a connnection crash , etc. . All of this stopped when I upgraded . Constant lag when playing online , it will crash quit often.The mechanics of the game itself is n't very amusing . You get an overhead view , and you basically walk around , clicking on monsters you want to kill , while dungeon trolling . If you 're thinking about playing it offline , get ready for an extremely dull and tedious time . Time . Another factor . This is n't the sort of game where you can put 10 minutes a day on . You really need to devote yourself to it . Graphics . While the cinematics are superb , the environments themselves are rather lackluster . There is no varied colors , or awesome sights to see . There is a desert , plain , forest/swamp , snowfield , and underground hellish place . The atmosphere is almost always dark , day or night , not much to look at.On the other hand , it does come with some great benefits . First , Battle Chest is cheaper than buying each included seperately . It comes with Diablo I and II , Expansion , and Strategy Guide . Well worth the fifty dollars . I can not stress enough that online playing is the best way ! Get together with a few friends in one game , and watch the hours fly by . Yes , this game is addictive . I should clear up what I mean . Like most games , multiplayer is a great way of having a ton of fun . It 's hard to describe , but interacting , talking , fighting together , it 's much more ... exhilirating I guess the word would be . Expansion version makes your inventory twice as big , adds several hundreds of new items and variations . The story is cool , it has cut scenes , not much in terms of development though . There are several characters to choose from , a variety of skills they can learn , and each world is randomly generated . The music is by no means superb but it 's par.Well , to put it simply , you 'll either love it or hate it . Online with others is the best way of having a good time , but by now there are better games out , though this is still classic . I would strongly suggest trying this out for awhile , since a large portion of people that get this game buy it because of the hype .
 This was supposed to be a `` new in box '' game , however , it HAD been opened . Even though it had been opened , the game worked and the serial number worked . I have had many hours of fun playing . Thanks . Shipping was also very fast .
 i barely have time to do anything else . the best thing to come out of california !!!!!
 The best series ever . I logged on at level 1 and was showered in SOJs . I went on to kill Diablo while only at level 5 .
 Diablo II is by far one of the greatest games ever made for the computer . Absolutely incredibly fun and entertaining . There is a problem with the battle chest load discs for the mac : You can not download Diablo 2 and then download Diablo 2 : LOD as separate downloads , it will not recognize Lord of Destruction -LRB- LOD -RRB- as an installable disc with all macs running 10.4 or higher , the way to get around this is to download them all-together . However when you do that , you have to select the download without ever putting in the cinematic disc , in other words , the download that is 1.3 GB -LRB- it will say it 's a full download of D2 and LOD , just without the movies . -RRB- As opposed to the 1.7 GB one which will contain the movies.Also , you may need to run the game in a separate window for it to display properly . For some reason it was very distorted on my 23-Inch Imac , and when I pressed control + `` M '' it will run the game in a separate window and fixed the distortion . You can max the game to 800 x 600 after installation through the games graphics menu -LRB- which looks quite sharp in a separate , smaller window -RRB- , however pre-installation it only says it gives you 600 x 400 as being available.Anyway , I wish I had known that before trying and failing 3 different downloads , so I thought I 'd pass it along .
 4 star overall rating because this game is well implemented and accompanied by interesting storyline , however , it is somewhat older and thus the graphics are not as impressive or smooth as newer games on the market . Allows for single player -LRB- just on your personal machine -RRB- , multiplayer on Blizzard 's Battlenet server , as well as tcp/ip to play privately with friends .4 star fun rating because the gameplay is engaging and to a good extent customizable with flexible attribute and skill point distribution and several classes -LRB- 2 classes added with expansion pack -RRB- as well as many options for mercenaries . Many viable skill combinations allow for tailoring to personal playing styles and a very wide variety of items and gear which can significantly affect gameplay make the game interesting and grants it some replay value . This is only a four , because although there are 3 difficulty levels , once you finish the first , the other two only present increased difficulty and do not present anything really new.This was actually purchased for a friend , but I also have the Diablo II game and the Lord of Destruction expansion pack . I have also inspected the contents of my friend 's battle chest . Overall I think it is a good deal with both the game and the expansion pack as well as the first diablo game and the official strategy guide for less than it would cost to buy just the second game and expansion -LRB- after comparing with several stores -RRB- . For my purposes I was only interested in the second game and expansion , but the first game may interest those curious about the previous game and its storyline , and the guide may be useful to some , particularly those not familiar with the game.My friend and I enjoy this game greatly , and I highly recommend it .
 I cant even estimate how many hours Ive spent playing this game on Battle.net over the last few years . It is just that good.Logging onto Bnet and playing this game with tens of thousands of people , 4 years after its release , shows you just how great the game is . If any game can put up these numbers years after its release then its got to be doing something right.Pick up this game now if you havent already . Youll be hooked for a long time ...
 Since both games -LRB- plus the expansion -RRB- are involved here I 'll go ahead and give all 3 a review.Diablo came out in the mid 90 's to rave reviews and newly found addiction from PC gamers everywhere . I got my own copy -LRB- still the original -RRB- and found the game to be a refreshing switch from other games I was goofing off with at the time . Diablo 's premise is that you enter the town of Tristram to defeat an evil that has sprung up out of nowhere and resides in dark places below the village . The graphics for the time were pretty good albeit grainy and dark by today 's standards . The characters you could play as were all great although the only real difference between them -LRB- Magician , Warrior , Rogue -RRB- were the starting stats , and even your Warrior could learn spells -LRB- same as the Magician -RRB- provided he found enough books and skill levels , the Magician could do much the same with Warrior weapons , provided the player put points into Strength and Dexterity . The plot to be honest was a bit ho-hum , go down , hack and slash , and rescue some kid while defeating monsters with thier own story and lore , which oddly I found no interest in . To make matters worse the singleplayer game went much quicker than multiplayer and so a shorter game is less apt to hold your attention span . But it 's real value came when adventuring with friends either by internet or modem -LRB- yeah , people did modem to modem gaming back then ... unreal ;-RRB- -RRB- and it was in this way the game became unbelievably addictive as hours long searches in dungeons for the best weapons and equipment became a pastime.Diablo II was the much ballyhooed and awaited sequel in gaming history at the time . The game saw a few delays getting out of production -LRB- usually a surefire sign a game will be a dud -RRB- but turned into solid gold . In every single way an improvement over it 's forebear . And the plot was outstanding ! The music , atmosphere , the weapons and armor you could find ... what was there to * not * be liked about the game ? The story has you following the previous game 's hero -LRB- the plot assumes it was the Warrior -RRB- and watches his downward spiral as he travels east towards the place of Diablo 's rebirth , releasing mayhem as he moves . Besides special missions that give you permanent stat upgrades and named items you have a gigantic choice of places to explore , there are runes and gems that you can drop into weapons and armor , giving them custom upgrades.D2
 Great Box set . I bought the Starcraft Battle Chest 6 months ago , and it changed the way I play games . Blizzard keeps doing it . First with the WarCraft series , the Diablo series , the StarCraft series , they keep doing the best . This was the best gift I ever got , make some gamer happy , or just get it for yourself.Diablo will keep you busy for a while , then work your way up to Diablo2 , then to Diablo2 Expansion Pak . It 's worth it !
 I do n't want to sound like a fanboy , but I recently started replaying Diablo II and have to admit that it can still stand toe-to-toe against today 's games . Since the graphics are not 3D , the game does n't look horrible and through all the patches a decade and a half carry , it runs like a dream!The randomized environments take out the repetitive feel of other games , and the swiftness you can complete quests and progress are really refreshing change from the treadmill a lot of `` epic '' games are today . The play is both casual and productive.For those who have never played -- the camera view is beautifully placed directly above your character to `` hide '' what lies ahead , adding a layer of depth and excitement . Danger lurks around every corner!I just ca n't believe how good this game is still . It is better than Star Wars
 Diablo II is a dark fantasy RPG that takes place in a world caught in the middle of a war between angels and demons . Diablo has risen once again and you are all that stands between the world and the fires of Hell.I just got this game this year , a good 10 years after its original release . There are a handful of negatives marring this title . First , the save system is a pain in the but . You really ca n't save your location , and you can only save by exiting the game . Second , there is a lot of screwing around with the inventory . I have spent way to much time juggling and rearranging items , of which there are a lot . Half the time I have to return to the camp to sell off the junk I pick up . Third , the graphics are rather ugly . The gothic art is wonderful , and the monsters and attacks are all very clear , but the graphics are highly pixelated and were primitive even when they were new.Finally , the game has a fair amount of repetition . There is a bit of grind involved , and certain areas of the game just has you hording off weak monsters with the same few attacks.Having said all of that , this game is an absolute blast . Each class is interesting and can be developed in countless ways . The story is engrossing , and while occasionally repetitive , I found that my tactics changing frequently as the game progressed . Do not let the first act fool you
 I 've been wanting to play this game since a long time ago . Even though it is very old , the quality Blizzard put into it makes it my third favorite game -LRB- behind Baldur 's Gate and FFVII -RRB- . If you are a gamer that likes leveling up games , this is for you . Perhaps the graphics are not so impressive nowadays , but by the time it was released the were awesome . Personally I think that every gamer should play this game at least once , since it is a very complete game .
 My sons liked this game a lot and so I decided to check it out . It is a lot of fun and I even created my own charachter and got somewhat far in the game.I recommend it and I 'm a mom ! It is not boring at all and you can create different charachters for a different play .
 The Diablo franchise is the new Duengons & Dragons . People running around , lost in a fantasy world , demonic themes , good and evil.A testament to how good , replayable , continually innovative , and simply addictive this game is is the fact that it was released 6 years ago and still has a large and dedicated multiplayer audience.Rumors are that Diablo 3 is in the works and will likely be released before Christmas of ' 08 . So cross your fingers .
 This is a great game . I added it to my wish list last week because amazon had the best price ever , but it was back ordered . Now that its in stock they added -LSB- amt -RSB- to the price . What happened ? ...
 I was looking to buy this game but the prices were so high but then i got to amazon and saw it for only -LSB- amt -RSB- ! cant lose : - -RRB-
 This one of the best games made by Blizzard . It 's fun , has a good story and excelents graphics and cinematics . This game does n't need a super pc for enjoying it . Also , it 's very addictive and all the characters have pros and contras , bu is cery awesome . If you want to buy a good video game , buy this you wo n't regreat it
 Diablo 2 is a well-done , well put-together game . What I do n't understand , is why it has such a reputation for being `` addictive '' . It 's fun for a while , but boy is it ever monotonous!The dungeons are randomly generated , which gives you the idea that the game has some replayability , but they are so bland and featureless that it does n't really make a difference . Each area is a plain-looking labyrinth with a few features that start repeating themselves after you have been playing for five minutes . Each level is filled with hordes of the same 2 or 3 enemies that you clean out by furiously clicking the mouse buttons and tapping your hot keys . When you advance to a new level , the same 2 or 3 enemies are there , but they are a different color , and they have a few more hit points , or they do a bit more damage.The game never really challenges you until you face a big boss . Fighting the bosses is the most fun -LRB- and the only really challenging -RRB- part of the game . The bosses require resourcefulness to defeat . The rest of it can be won by repeating the same set of simple tactics over and over again.The complete lack of a storyline in this game does n't help . It is about as interesting as `` Space Invaders '' . It 's too bad , because a good story could have made each level more rewarding.To make matters worse , this game has no quick save key . You actually have to quit this game to save it . If you do this , then you start off back in town , and the monsters in every area are resurrected . You have to find a waypoint in order to save the game , unless you feel like cleaning out the same portion of dungeon again to get back to where you were.And what do you do if your computer crashes after 45 minutes of unsaved playing ? -LSB- stinks -RSB- to be you I guess.I do n't want to be all negative about this game . It has an excellent interface , which has been copied in some way so many times that it 's hard to keep track . You can customize this interface and set up hot keys however you like . The character trait and skill point system is a great way to advance levels . I especially like the skill trees . Each character class has its own unique skill tree , which allows you to develop spells and other special abilities . A character starts off learning the simpler skills , and progresses gradually to learn more powerful skills . The graphics and animation are pretty good , but the spell effects are the best part of the game . The game is long and has a lot of different classes to play with , which means that if you enjoy it you will find this set to be great value.It 's kind of a downer jumping over to `` Diablo 2 '' from brilliant and rich games like `` Planescape : Torment '' and `` Baldurs Gate 2 '' . `` Diablo 2 '' is sort an arcade game on the PC . I guess that everyone has their own preference .
 I bought the diablo , diablo2 and diablo2e separately and they costed me almost a -LSB- dollar amount -RSB- . Now here comes the battle chest ! With a price that is lower than -LSB- dollar amount -RSB- ! I hate myself for making the deciseion to buy those great softwares that early ... But no money can replace the great fun that these games brough me within the last few years.It 's a great game , indeed .
 What can I say about it ? One of the greastest and most addictive games I have ever played.The Battle Chest pack is a great option for anyone who loves this game . Although Diablo I is not as good as D2 , it still is fun to remember . The strategy guide is not that great , but it did have some tips I did not know of . The real deal is the D2 original plus the LOD expansion.I recommend it .
 this game is a must for all rpg players . the game is very `` up-to-you '' on how u play.after beating normal level there is a nightmare level and after that a hell level . so u could keep on playing if u like or stop , and if u like an easy game keep playing normal . this game has a wide and huge selection of controls and characters and all sorts of things . there are 7 characters to chose from and they are alll COMPLETLY different . which means now u can play this game for years and not truly `` pass '' it , if u look at it my way.there are 5 acts -LRB- mini levels as many pple call them -RRB- . each with there own boss and characters.this game is soported my muti and single player options.there are 2 types of online game play open and closed.closed is for normal characters with normal items and open is an all out hack war with all these crazy characters.so if u wan na cheat a little then play open battlenet , if you like a challedge then play it closed . the item database of this game is litterally unspeakable.they have so many items i dont knwo where to start.the are set items that give u set bonuses if you collect all the items of that set.there are elite and unique items with a load of attributes and there are socket items which have little places to but in runes or jewel or even gems to boost the items strenght . and u can party with other char on battle net and play with friends.they also have a anti cheat program to stop higher lvl char from help low lvl newbie to advancing to deep into the game without even playing.when u play with a party the gold and xp is shared , but they also have a program to stop 1 party member from doing all the work for his party by himself . i dont know how blizzard did it but its so `` cool '' . this game u must buy.you can even hire a mercinery to aid u and you can also eqiup them with items.they can gain level and even cast spells to help you out.they dont even get stuck.its like playing with a ultra smart robot.diablo is wacked out crazy and fun but what make it so `` wow '' is that the game is so original.and so safe from abuse and cheating , yet if you want to hack with other player and have a nonstoping war of 999999 damage then so be it.But over all this junk i wrote ... you must buy this game .
 game was fun got here quick and everything was good i would tell everyone would get a copy ya get one
 I love this game . I had the older one and I thought about getting the 3rd , but decided to go ahead and get this one . IDK when 3 is actually gonnabreak and what to expect .
 I have been playing this game since it was originally released . I did stop for a while . Now I found the empty CD case and decided to play some more . This game is still one of the best games , in my opinion .
 The Diablo Battle Chest set is the ultimate in playability . The system requirements are very low , the game has a multitude of items to find , and there are three difficulty levels so you can play and play some more ! This game has done so well because it is the best of its kind ! Just try it for yourself !
 This is a very fun , very addictive , and time consuming game . If you plan to purchase this game , be prepared to spend hours at a time in front of the computer .
 I really like the Battle Chest Edition of Diablo , but I have one complaint . You ca n't just turn Diablo II on and play a quick game . In the past I had only played the orignal Diablo and I compleatly enjoyed the game . With Diablo II and the expansion I think the game is compleatly awsome except for the fact that if I want to play a game I need to set aside an entire day to play .
 i got this game to try to get something to pass the time over christmas break . even with hours of free time i did n't end up playing it much . i guess im just not a hardcore gamer , but im also playing it on a laptop , and the trackpad aint the best game controller in the world lol . a great game nonetheless , lots of action , realistic battles . i kept dying though , and would lose allmy stuff , so i quit playing for a while cause i got pissed off . not a game for the impatient . a great value though for 30 bucks !
 Diablo 2 is a sequel to Blizzard 's popular rpg Diablo which was an international bestseller . The simple gameplay coupled with an engaging storyline was its biggest strength . Blizzard has followed the same template with Diablo 2 and has expanded on the story , provided tons of new content , levels , monsters to battle and items to find . The story is told in neat steps through cut-scenes and cinematics which have been beautifully rendered in 3-d . All in all , an epic tale of swords and sorcery , a must for any rpg fan !
 The Diablo franchise is probably the only RPG that keeps me coming back for more even after all these years . No other game has held my interest for so long . It is a testament to Blizzard North -LRB- not Blizzard -RRB- and their creative genius 's . I highly recommend this game . If you already love it be sure not to miss Hellgate : London when it comes out . Some of the top people at Blizzard North left to forge Flagship Studios , who is currently working on Hellgate .
 I 've been playing this game for a long time ... since it originally came out . I lost my original install CD 's , so I opted to pick this up since I thought I 'd be able to play it on my Intel Mac Mini . Unfortunately , the install went flawlessly , but it is impossible to actually play it . The game will load to a certain point and then stop . I 've tried uninstalling and reinstalling . I 've tried not installing the expansion . I 've tried installing to a different drive . My Mac is up-to-date as far as all of the updates are concerned , but still no love.So , I installed it on my PC laptop and play there . Better than nothing , I guess .
 This game is a fantastic game to play . Sure playing by yourself is fun , but when you get a team of people playing online the game is that much more fun ! The only problem that myself and some of the other online players have noticed is that the server , for online play , gets backed up and you start to get a lag in the game before you get disconnected . Normally you have to wait a few hours before you can log on again , so this slows game play considerably . Other that that I highly recommend the game . A +
 I purchased a copy several years ago and had to get another copy to put on my laptop . Now my husband and I can play on together online . I 'll be buying one more soon to put on my son 's computer so he can play too !
 I was struck dumb with awe when i friend showed me this game . IT is the koolest game i have ever played on the computer . You are a hero who tries to defeat the ultimate evil Diablo . You can choose from 7 classes in the expainsion . Assisain , druid , amazon , barbarian , padilin , and my fav sorceress . When you first start out u have no armor and weak weapons but when u kill monsters you will gain exp and sometimes they drop weapons or armor . This is a 3rd person game and its real time . The animations are wonderful and the cutseens are really well done . The cap lv is 99 and when u lv up u can choose to up str or def or something else . You can also get speical attacks or magic . Like leap attack if ur a barbarin or something like nova which is an attack that realeses energy and goes out of u in the form of a cricle . This is the best game i have played in a long time i it has a high replay rating since u can play online and theres so many iteams to collect . The secret cow lv is really fun and funny . I hope u enjoy this as much as i did
 As a life-long gamer , I 've spent countless hours -LRB- more than I 'd like to admit -RRB- on gaming . Sometimes I need a game that makes me work really hard and other times I need a game like Diablo 2 . It 's basically a slightly glorified hack-and-slash button mashing game.Just because it 's not incredible challenging does n't mean that it 's not a lot of fun . The entire Diablo line is the perfect example of a relatively simple game that one can add more complexity as needed . Many serious gamers would applaud how a game like this can hold their attention while casual gamers would appreciate how easy it is for them to jump right into the action.So if you 're looking for a real RPG , go get World of Warcraft but if you want to lower that intensity , this is might fill your D&D ; fix . Although it 's great fun , with Diablo 3 here , I would pass on this Diablo 2 set and go straight to the latest version of the series .
 I got this at gamestop for like 40 bucks and i was bit skeptical because i had never played diablo 2 , only diablo 1 . then i played it and i couldnt stop . it is very entertaining , but it really is just an rpg . but it is a hack and slash too , so it is definitely worth playing .
 Diablo 2 and LOD are the best RPG Games , the game mode is so easy , everyone can play it , the character classes are awesome , the battlechest contains both games plus diablo 1 and a book of strategies , for every diablo fan this is a must .
 I played Diablo , Diablo II , and the expansion pack . These games are good at what they do , which is provide your character with plenty of things to kill and plenty of stuff to take.There is n't a whole lot of story , and very few subplots . What plot there is totally linear . Neverwinter Nights , or Knights of the Old Republic were more enjoyable for me . But this is still a fine game and I had a lot of fun playing it .
 man i picked up this game along time ago and can not put it down . It is a massive online multiplayer game , one of those where you get a character and lvl him up on the way you get new skills as well as weapons armor and mystical items . All to help you fight the demons and even kill satan himself . now who would not want to do that ? any way if you want a cheap way to have years of fun I recomend you pick up this game and get your friends to do the same that way u can combat the evil together or kill each other . Merry Christmas 2005 !
 Maybe I have n't experienced other RPGs , and that is the reason this one , my first RPG experience , is so relished . Maybe it is the epic proportions of the game , with massive battles raging across a unique fantasy planet . Maybe it 's the appeal of a classic , good vs evil quest , and the journey that you make in the game to become a hero.I 'm not quite sure what it is , but this game is a MUST OWN.If you have n't played this thing , and are just now reading this review , I pity you . You are really missing out on a gem ! This game , I could review it for hours , but just let me say pick it up NOW . Get the battlechest , like I did , it is by far a superb deal . Even when it was $ 50 early on , it was a steal . And trust me , you 'll get wrapped up in it too.Sure , the story is dark , and a little creepy if you get too into the background story itself . I mean , it is called Diablo , and that right there might make some hesitate . But this is n't some dark and dank dungeon game , -LRB- at leaste Diablo 2 and the Expansion - the first Diablo was not a good game IMO -RRB- , but an epic struggle of good conquering evil . That 's how I see it . And if you look at it that way , it 's great.This game has so much , it 's scary . The graphics are the only downfall , but the fact that it is an areal view helps set it apart from its era and it really is pretty timeless . I 'd enjoy playing it today , but my computer 's pretty bogged down and the final levels start getting choppy . Put it on a system better than mine -LRB- I have a system running Windows 98 -RRB- and you 'd be in gaming bliss . So do n't hesitate if you 're thinking it 's `` outdated '' . This game is as timeless as Solitare.As for quick highlights of the best parts of the game , all I can say is this thing is massive . Massive on quests , on land area , on character developement , and weapons ... but it 's all fairly easy to get into . Trust me , you get the basics down early on , and you 're whipping out terms like `` Druid '' and `` Tomes '' and `` Mana Recharge Shrines '' just as you would make comments about your Uncle Fred , a travel map , or multivitamins . It 's all really absorbing . I got into it , and I 'm about as mindless for gaming knowledge as they come . My brother even got into it , once I finally persuaded him to play . This game will have you hooked.My only complaints
 THIS IS BY FAR THE B E S T GAME EVER !!! Ive played A LOT og games but this tops everything . I myself have played hours at which r very very unhealthy srry to say . The interaction with other people online or the nice play of offline is one of the 999 -LRB- or something like that -RRB- reasons this is the best game ever.U can start with either one of these charictors and can switch without deleting them unless ur playing on battlenet u can have up to like 9 on battlenet or somthing ike that . U can pick bewteen a Sorcerous-Power ful ice fire and lightning spells at her disposel if u use her right she becomes one of the best charictors of the game , Necromancer-Summons skeletons and golems to help him defeat his enemys he also uses curses and poisen-bone spells to weaken and desroy his enemies,paladin-sword master he is very good with combat skills and defencive and offencive aures , Barbarian-This awsome charictor can hold 2 wepons in his hands the only cahrictor that can do this besides assissns who can use to claws he can master the arts of wepns and more , assissin-Traps martial-arts are her best abilitys with powerful finishing moves and traps that will send eniems against each other make the assassin one of the best charicors in the game , Druid - this shapeshifting charictor has mastered the art of shapeshifting summoning vines and bears and wolfes he can also call hurricanses and volcanoes to stop his foes , Amazon - she can use either javolins or bows/crossbows . she can use magical arrows or thunder javilns to destroy her eneime that is all i have to say there maby some more i left out srry if i did .
 Great game , Great expansion . But for a short period of time , hackers duped the crap out of an item which cause me to stop playing for a while . The orginal Diablo is destroyed online but still fun to play single player .
 I receiced my purchase in great condition , and super fast ! Heck , I 've almost waited longer for take-out fast food !
 Insanely fun , impossibly addicting , with nearly unlimited replayability . Diablo 2 is a masterpiece that every gamer simply has to try out at least once . Many of you reading this are probably in the same position I was
 this is probably the best game i 've played for the longest time.the battle chest set comes with all the CDs for diablo 2 and also it comes with diablo 1 , which i didnt really play before . but it should be a good game.it also comes with a lot of information about the products from blizzard , i think most people know what blizzard is.no more need to say , lets enjoy the game.oh , btw , the CD-KEYs really worked.lol . .
 I bought Diablo II before buying the battle chest so I played Diablo II first . I enjoyed every minute of it ! I tried Diablo afterwards and it was fun but Diablo II far outshined it . It 's the whole series in one nice box basically . Definitely worth it .
 The game Diable is several years old now -LRB- since Blizzard has put their time and efforts into the World of Warcraft -RRB- , but it still is fun and entertaining to play . The graphics are still fairly good and the the randomness of the items and quests keep it fresh to a degree . A good RPG if you do n't necessarily want to play online .
 I 've first started playing Diablo II back in 2000 . After nine years since it 's release , it 's still a lot of fun . Best thing about it is it 's freeeeee to play , there are no online fees like other online games . My purchase was for my son and he loves it .
 This game is very well put together ; it is challenging , but not impossible . The graphics are okay for a PC game , but could be improved . This battle chest has everything you need to be successful in the game .
 While this game is somewhat lacking in variability due to the static plotline , it is still given some replay value due to the various classes . It is a lot of fun .
 If you are a rpg player , this game is for you . It is the best bridge to mmorpg as you can play online or solo without getting shortchanged like some popular online only rpgs . I suggest all the standard rpgs
 I enjoy this game . The add ons make it different every time ! Hard to beat though !
 Diablo 2 has taken many , many hours away from my life ... but it was too addicting , I could n't help it ! For anyone who likes 2-D style dungeon-crawls -LRB- Bulder 's Gate , Champions of Norrath , Diablo 1 , etc -RRB- this is THE game for you ! The replayability of this game is phenomenal . There are so many items -LRB- various types of weapons , armor , charms , amulets , rings , etc. -RRB- and monsters that every single time you play , the experience will be different ! You play underground , in deserts , ice caves , forests , jungles , castles , so many places . It can take hours to beat each act -LRB- 5 in all -RRB- and there are three difficulty levels to play -LRB- 15 Acts total if you play all the way through -RRB- . Hell is the hardest difficulty setting and VERY challenging . There are many sidequests to play , though your main goal is to kill Mephisto , Baal , and Diablo.The characters are more fun than any dungeon crawl type came I have ever played because each class has its own sepcific skills , spells , and auras -LRB- 30 for each of the 7 classes -RRB- that it can learn . Because of that , even one class can have several different styles of character by the end of the game.Many people still play this game online , though I have only ever played it offline , single player . I have talked with peopl who play it online , and if you have a fast connection -LRB- I only have dial-up -RRB- they say it is a lot of fun.So if you want to go back to the classic days before everything was in 3-D , and on massive online servers , Diablo 2 with or with out the expansion -LRB- which adds the fifth act to each level of the game -RRB- , is a fun and challenging way to whittle away hours of your life on the computer !
 This is still one of the best games made , and buying it in the Battle Chest make it one of the best values as well . You get Diablo II and it 's expansion Lord of Destruction . With hours of enjoyment for a small price tag , this is a must buy !
 Diablo II with the expansion keeps the action and quests going for you all the time . The new AI for the monsters makes it more challenging . It is easier to make cash now too which makes it possible to gamble for better equipment at the NPC 's that allow for gambling . I ca n't wait till I run up against some of the big shots . Even solo it should be for an interesting time .
 This is a wonderful hack-n-slash RPG . The are currently over 50,000 people still playing which ensures an amazing online experience . Though simple in concept , Diablo 2 has held my interest for well over three years . My advice
 Blizzard is almost like the King Midas of computer gaming . It seems to me that every game they have their hands on , or directly produce is absolute Gold . If you like a never tiring adventure RPG style game then you will like this game . If you want an instant emersion into a world of never ending twists and quests , filled with challenging demons and lords , a free online community of tens of thousands to play against and months of sleepless nights ; This is your game . I do no work for Blizzard , Amazon or a magazine . I am just filled with a passionate love for great games , and this is in my top 5 of all time .
 Highly recommended.This game is great -LRB- Diablo 2 LOD -RRB- . There is a lot of variety to it and it keeps you interested for a long time . The graphics are excellent and because they are all prerendered sprites -LRB- drawn by artists -RRB- , this game does n't use polygons and can therfor be played on lower powered computers . I have Diablo LOD installed on a 400 mhz computer with a 16 meg video card and only 230 megs of ram and it plays great.The game plays great , is highly enjoyable , and offers hours , even days , of play . Its point and click , but it was thought out so that this is adequate control . The game is about tactics more than technique . Your ability to choose so many different characters with unique abilities is great fun . You get to see characters evolve and develop different strengths and abilities . Many of the magic options are very creative . This game was thought out and executed very well.I miss the days when games had graphics in which the characters were actually drawn by artists and not `` generated polygons '' shaped like people . Although many games imitate the engine of Diablo , few to none of them use this style of graphics . The graphics of Diablo LOD still stand up to graphics of current games that use polygon based sprites . Would the Mona Lisa look better if it was a generated polygon sprite and not a two dimensional representation of a three dimensional object ? Of course the graphics of Diablo are on a three dimensional plane , but the sprites are prerendered art none-the-less . My only gripe about Battle Chest is that it does not include the add-on for the original Diablo , called Hellfire . Hellfire improves the original Diablo game considerably and adds more play value to it . I do n't see why Blizzard did n't just buy the rights from Sierra for the game . -LRB- Seirra , not Blizzard , designed Hellfire -RRB- . Another problem with this game is that often you get a disc that is not compatible with WindowsXP unless you install the patch . There are roughly 10 revisions of Diablo 2 . I bought it and my Diablo 2 discs were version 1.0 and I flipped out when they would n't play . Finally , I did some research on the net and solved the problem with the patch at the Blizzard site . All of the games really should be playable right out of the box on XP without having to search for a patch.Minor shortcomings aside , this is a great game that I highly recommend because of its playability , challenge , beautiful graphics , and low system requirments.A + When do we get Diablo 3 ?
 These games are amazing , and I played each of them for hours on end when I first got them . This Battle Chest is a great option for someone who wants to completely immerse themselves into Diablo . You get two games in one pack , an expansion pack , and a players ' guide ! I love these games because not only do you build your character up through experience and killing monsters , but you also complete quests reaching toward an ultimate goal .
 Diablo II is a very complex and fun game . with seven classes to chose from hundreds of skills to learn the possibilities are endless . three difficulties adds on to the long lasting hours this gameplay offers . On a scale from one to ten it is an unbeatable ten . people of all ages play this game , all over the world . What really makes this game worth while is Battlenet , where you play over the internet and interact with thousands of people . So many items to find , so many things to do , the possibilities are endless . Diablo II is a computer must have . I reccomend this game for people of all ages .
 It 's a great offer to get both Diablo II and the expansion pack in one box , plus the original Diablo and a strategy guide . I liked the first Diablo but Diablo II is just great and the expansion makes it even better ! If you like medieval , gore , hack & slash and roleplaying games you ca n't miss this one , Diablo and Diablo offer thrilling single player action with lots of quests and they both have great multiplayer modes . It 's possible in online games to trade items with other players , join parties , duel other players and much more . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED IF YOU BUY THIS ONE !
 Diablo 2 with expansion pack is very replayable . Very fun and easy to learn but a long time mastering and lots of ways to do things.I would n't really describe it as a role playing game at all however . You do n't really play a role . You have one of 7 character types that you can develop in different ways . It 's more of a game of character development and exploration of tactics from my point of view but it is very fun and liked by a wide range of people.Diablo 1 I played a while back so having it free is a nice perk I guess . It was fun but has rather simple dynamics compared to what you get in D2 and D2X.Some might want to give D2 a try and then get the expansion . Really , you are just shorting yourself . The world is far more complete if you just start the game with a full expansion install.Be sure to download the most recent patch by connecting to battlenet or going to their website . Version 1.10 changes the dynamics of the game dramatically by introducing `` synergy skills '' , improved monster AI and a lot of new items . It really improves the game and makes certain character builds such as the assassin and elemental druid far more playable .
 Does not work in Mac Os X 10.5 . Blizzard do not provide a working pacht . But if you really want to play it - which is a really great idea , Get a pc with XP and you will have a great time until D3 comes along .
 I played this game for a number of years when I was younger , and it more or less got me hooked on the RPG/MMORPG style of games , and computer games in general.When I got my own computer I had to get this game , and its still just as good as it was years ago.A definate classic for any RPG library .
 It is a great action and strategy game . Recommend it to any game player
 It 's been 5 years and I still play this game quite often . I love Diablo 2 and its expansion pack !
 Buy this game now . It is very good . It has an extreme rush of adrienaline like no other game . It has a choice of 7 awesome awesome characters to choose from . You can even fight other people on the internet . If you want you can jion up with them and have a party -LRB- not really -RRB- . But you can do us all a faver and buy these games now .
 diablo 2 is the best game on earth and i play it all i can i would say any 1 showld have this game
 I read about Diablo years ago . Now this package is available . These games are HIGHLY addictive!It takes quite a while to get through the quest , or quests . There is alot of fighting and crypt crawling . Sometimes management of items will get tedious , and you will have to sell or drop some things along the way . I had to tackle some of the bosses several times in order to achieve victory . Along the way there are hirelings available to help you on your quest . There are also some helpful non-player characters with information and services available . I 've had to take a break from it several times , as the last legs of the journey can be difficult . It is sometimes preferable to go back and clean out several dungeons to raise experience levels before tackling a tough boss.There are several classes available . I played the barbarian in the demo , and am now running a necromancer . The spell casters are a little more difficult to play - the game is basically alot of fighting , and unless you have some decent magical items or helpers you are going to find yourself dying frequently . The graphics are awesome , but you will need a pretty fast processor - there is a lag sometimes even on my machine . I 've never seen such great backgrounds before , and the creatures and people are quite vivid . The slant of the game is obviously towards males aged 13 - 30 though - there 's alot of half naked women running around!One of the design features I like the best is the skill system . You do n't simply go up in levels and learn spells automatically . You must choose various skills , most of which can be taken again to improve them . The basic skills must be learned before some of the advanced stuff can be chosen . No two characters will be the same . Sometimes you will find a choice does not work well given your style of play , as I did a few times . Some skills will find more general use , and others you might only use a few times to get out of a sticky situation . The same system applies for fighters . If you do n't know the skill for a particular weapon it will be less effective , and some weapons may not be available for your class at all . And armor is sometimes unwearable without some rings or amulets available to boost your strength.It 's long and sometimes frustrating , but the package was well worth the money .
 many have already said it so ill keep it shorthard to explain how ahead of its time these games were at the time , but Diablo was TERRIFYINGsome of this may or may not translate as well over the yearsbut ive fired up D2 multiple times over he years and its always been as fun as it ever wasbottom line , this battlechest represents some of the best that Blizzard NORTH ever did and shouldnt be missedBlizzard today is just not the same as they used to be = -LSB-
 So now it 's been about a year of playing classic Diablo II and the Expansion and I 'm still addicted . This is purchase is actually my second copy so that my wife can play online with me . This game is definately not for the hardcore turn-based RPG fans but does allow some creativity of items and characters found in the traditional . However , if you like a mix between first person shooters and RTS you will have fun playing . Additionally , b-net is a ton of fun with friends whom you ca n't always visit . If you are interested in this game , buy this box set -LRB- it 's an awesome deal -RRB- !
 It 's 2012 ... This game is over 10 years old -LRB- released Y2K -RRB- , and STILL sells for around $ 20 in stores . That is nearly unprecedented ... most games hit the clearance bin after 2-3 years , and some in even shorter time than that . This is still selling on the ` mainstream ' shelf with games a tenth of it 's age . It 's a great game ... be warned , though , it 's a time warp . You 'll sit down at the computer to play for `` a little while '' , and the next time you look up it 's 6 hours later.It 's controls are pretty easy to learn , the game concept is easy to understand , but it WILL become very challenging , although for experienced gamers , it will start out pretty slow and repetitive.The only drawback you 'll have at this point is that online gameplay is very unforgiving ... most of the players still on battle.net are longtime , high-level players that do n't have much patience for `` noobs '' . If you 're just starting out with this vintage game , you may not find many people willing to help you learn it ... there are a few still out there , though .
 I 'd have to say that Diablo 2 is the king of massive dungeon crawls for the PC . You have a massive world to explore -LRB- which was beautifully rendered for it 's time -RRB- with hordes upon hordes of crazy undead and demons . There is a fair variety of classes to choose from , and enough different skills and items to make the characters fairly unique . There is a smattering of story throughout the game , and it 's well done enough to be worth paying attention to . To add to the replay value , Blizzard has the online servers , where you can meet up with people from all over the world and play for free . Since the game does n't require much of a computer , most people with a computer can enjoy it -LRB- a broadband connection helps a lot for online play , however -RRB- .
 Diablo was a fun game . I enjoyed beating it , but the game had it 's flaws . I picked Diablo II up a couple of months ago , because I finally found the Battlechest for a price I felt I could pay . I wish I would n't have been so cheap . This game is awesome . It blows the first one away and they hard to even compare.Diablo II is kind of like an RPG . You do n't fight in the normal RPG way , but your goal is to complete missions and work your character up to a high enough level so you can slay the Dark Lord . In the original game there were only three character classes to chose from . That has changed in this one . You can now select from an Amazon , Necromancer , Sorceress , Paladin , Barbarian , and with the Expansion Set a Druid and Assasin.All the characters have special abilites that none of the others do . The abilities hold true to the idea behind the character . They had a new fun element to the game play . Magic is done a lot more realistic in this game than it was in the first one.The gameplay is pretty fun . I 've beat Diablo , but have n't finished beating the Expansion set . I 'm almost to Baal and I 'm loving every second of it . Some of the quests I found to be quite fun . The guys did a good job writing the storyline . Some of them did get a little old and I was very happy once I completed them.The real thing that makes this game shine though is Battle.Net . You have to give Blizzard there props . Battle.Net should be prescribed with a warning label . Every Blizzard game I 've ever owned has always been better on Battle.Net fighting with other people and this one holds true to that . It is n't as fun as Starcraft on the Net , but it 's not to far from it.This game is addictive . You will lose all sense of time and place when you play it . You will want to beat it . You will want to beat it again . So do n't be a cheap skate like I was and go pick this one up . You wo n't regret it .
 These games were a big hit on my PC.The original Diablo 's graphics did n't seem poor to me until after Diablo II came out.Love the greater character depth that II brought.The additional character types also revive the story when you have ` played out ' an old character.Problems?Well for the Nech . raising the dead can come back to haunt you ... if you grow them on both sides of you in a tunnel they have a tendency to jam the tunnel and thier love of you means that they arent going anywhere . Must restart the game to resume.I also prefer a Game Save to save right where I am and not return me to back to the level origin with all the bad guys I worked hard to terminate revived as if I have to pay some penalty for saving the game.It also took me a while to learn that you do n't have to pick something up just because a monster dropped it . This lesson will save you loads of trips to the surface to sell worthless junk when the thing that you really want respectable armor/weapons to spend with the money that seems to always be filling your little chest -LRB- storage rental ??? -RRB- . These minor blemishes do n't detract from the inventive play and running battles that keep me coming back for more .
 I do n't know what took me so long to play any of the Diablo games , especially after spending so many hours dedicated to Dungeon Siege . But when I saw the package here , I figured I might as well get it . For the same amount of money you would spend on one brand new game -LRB- actually , this is even less than that -RRB- , you get the following
 Diablo II is by far one of the greatest games ever made for the computer . Absolutely incredibly fun and entertaining . There is a problem with the battle chest load discs for the mac : You can not download Diablo 2 and then download Diablo 2 : LOD as separate downloads , it will not recognize Lord of Destruction -LRB- LOD -RRB- as an installable disc with all macs running 10.4 or higher , the way to get around this is to download them all-together . However when you do that , you have to select the download without ever putting in the cinematic disc , in other words , the download that is 1.3 GB -LRB- it will say it 's a full download of D2 and LOD , just without the movies . -RRB- As opposed to the 1.7 GB one which will contain the movies.Also , you may need to run the game in a separate window for it to display properly . For some reason it was very distorted on my 23-Inch Imac , and when I pressed control + `` M '' it will run the game in a separate window and fixed the distortion . You can max the game to 800 x 600 after installation through the games graphics menu -LRB- which looks quite sharp in a separate , smaller window -RRB- , however pre-installation it only says it gives you 600 x 400 as being available.Anyway , I wish I had known that before trying and failing 3 different downloads , so I thought I 'd pass it along .
 I absolutely love this game . It keeps you busy for hours having fun by creating your perfect character . I cant wait for Diablo III !!!!!!
 I bought this for my 20 year old Grandson 's birthday . He plays it a lot so I 'm guessing he really likes it !
 Diablo II , especially when taken together with the Lord of Destruction expansion , is a true , ageless piece of marvel . I 've been playing with it ever since it first came out and simply ca n't get bored with it . The graphics , the music , the general atmosphere , the endless variety of monsters to be killed and treasure chests to be looted ... this is one of those very rare computer games that can be played over and over and over again . If you have n't tried it yet , you are missing out big time , my friends . And if you have ... well , then you know what I 'm talking about . And all this coming from a girl who is not the greatest fan of computer games otherwise . Blizzard - bow wow.PS
 My son and his boys enjoy this game so well that I have purchased two and they already had one . This gives each of them one and they play together .
 I bought this game in preparation for an extended time away from home during which I 'll need something to fill my time . The Acts are long , some of the enemies are very challenging as well . For being an older game , it 's still legitimate for enjoyable game play today.I 'm running Windows 7 , and it plays perfectly . I 've read reviews about people having trouble with resolution issues or auto-launch , but my screen is 1080p , and it self-adjusts to the appropriate resolution upon game launch.I 'd recommend this game to all virgins , dorks , and people who are closet nerds like me . I would not recommend this game to new fathers who need every minute of sleep they can get . Sitting down and thinking `` I 'll just finish this mission '' will leave one tired the next day , sometimes requiring a couple of hours of missing sleep to finish a short task.For the price , this is a no-brainer . I picked up the Battle Chest for a little over 20 bucks.Happy gaming !
 I recommend this game , is truly the best thing blizzard has released , and I played for 10 years , is a truly addictive game , 5 stars .
 If you like Diablo , you 'll love this . Not much to say . Fantastic game that comes with all the extras to make it even more enjoyable
 Game is great . Ended up buying it elsewhere as this one from this seller took too long . I returned this one and received a refund through amazon 's refund policy . But the game is fun . Thanks Amazon .
 I have played this family of games for years , and they never get old . I like being able to interact with , as well as team up with other players to clear some of the more difficult quests/bosses . Very easy to play for the beginner , and still has some fun twists for the veteran . I recommend this for anyone who likes the fantasy/role playing genre . I ca n't wait for Diablo III to come out .
 I have played Diablo 2 before and after several years of inactivity I suddenly got an urge to play the game . I remembered instantly after I started why I was so addicted to it in the first place . It is a great game for both single player and multiplayer . Single offers the luxury of not having to compete with other players and progress through the story as you see fit . While , Multi offers a vast network of players even as of now in 2010 that are still addicted to this game . PVP is good and keeps you wanting to better your character . The story is definately top notch and a true tribute to the original . Overall , I 'd say if you want one of the best mmorpg 's on the market , buy this game.A few sidenotes
 I have so say , as a newborn Hardcore Diablo fan , that is may be the most justified purchase of my gaming lifespan . I have been glued to my computer since I opened this Blizzard masterpiece , and I foresee no end in sight to my addiction . The single player game , while entertaining , in no way compares to the wonder that is the Diablo multiplayer experience . Who does n't love to get on-line with seven of your closest friends and put an end to the forces of evil . Building your adventuring party from level one , and taking down boss after boss using in depth strategy , or in some cases plain old melee carnage provides this gamer with a wonderful sense of accomplishment . I can say that if you love gaming , this may be the single greatest purchase you can ever make . One caveat , however . If you are married , be prepared for several severe tongue lashings . My wife has already forgotten my name .
 This whole package includes the first Diablo and the full set of Diablo 2 . All together about 5 discs taking about a total of 1.5 GB of harddrive space for not full installation meaning only game and not cinematics , expansion disk require for play . Note
 I love the Diablo games , always have and always will . So needless to say , when I saw the pictures showing Diablo 1 and 2 and the expansion and claiming to have them in the description of the picture that is linked to this product , I just had to buy it . You can imagine my disappointment when I open the box and discover to my extreme displeasure that it only contained Diablo 2 and its expansion . This borders on false advertisement . If you are buying this product to get all the Diablo games minus the third , DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I 'm knocking off 1 star because Hellfire wash n't included . Hellfire is a sought-after & pricey expansion to Diablo 1 that can end up costing more than this boxed set . While the graphics of these games are blase ' compared to the Dungion Siege games that mimiced it & a lack of character designer , it has randomly generated dungeons so it may be quite some time before you crawl through one you 've elready been through before . With each character 's statistics so characteristically different & 3 games difficulty settings & so many different level designs , you 'll be playing Diablo 1 for months . Seriously ... I have n't even gotten to Diablo II yet . Play it for all it 's worth . & snag Hellfire while you 're at it . I also reccomend this game for female gamers like myself who prefur less-girly games .
 I was definitely impressed with Diablo II . The expansion only made it better . The graphics , the gameplay , everything is flawless . I have only a few pet peeves with this game.A . -RRB- Playing single-player -LSB- blows -RSB- . This game basically steers you into playing online.B . -RRB- I had a lot of lag online . I have a cable modem . And I had lag . That 's not right.C . -RRB- The game is way to difficult . I put it down and gave it back to my friend because he would make fun of me for not leveling up by 20 every hour . I barely got to level nine in a week.Still , however , it was pretty fun , and quite addicting for a while . I would reccomend it to anyone .
 I 'll keep this brief since there are a million of these already . The first Diablo = highly entertaining . Diablo two , however , is the most addictive , compelling , and FUN game I have ever played . People who do n't even like the hack-and-slash adventure genre can still get a kick out of it . Seriously , read those more in-depth reviews if you doubt me . But the big question is , why do n't you own this game already ?
 Though I am reviewing games that were made over 7 years ago , they are still amazing . I am actually reviewing 3 games total , which are Diablo , Diablo 2 , and Diablo 2
 Diablo II is a great game . The expansion pack makes it even more fun . If your like me and have n't kept up with the latest games and hardware you will enjoy this hack and slash adventure.All my hardcore gamer friends make fun of me for playing such an old game , but my entire system costs less than the graphics card they need for the latest games .
 This chest is complete with the Diablo 1 we know and love woth Diablo 2 and the Expansion . It includes a helpful strategy guide and is loads of fun . The different characters in Diablo 2 are great , and most of all I love the online multiplayer option -LRB- battle.net -RRB- . You can play with all of your friends .
 What I disliked about this version is that it carries on , and on before leaving the town scene . Try Diablo first , then , Diablo Battlechest .
 super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super supersuper super super super super super super super super super
 Well if you were like me i thouht i was going to get ripped off on the game so i just decided to get the game and try it out . When you start off you pick your person/or hero . Then you go to a little town like home base . Then you get into the game you can talk to other players or be there friend . So I think i got my moneys worth . This is know my favoite PC game i hope you like it to.It is action packed and you can play with your real friends .
 This game would actually be a great game to play ... . if i actually received it .
 This is a cool game , but I found it hard to get into it after playing Neverwinter Nights , which I personally consider to be superior . If you are looking for a fun RTS and do n't mind playing a really old game , this might work for you . However , I would suggest Neverwinter Nights ... better graphics , great community , easier to get into , and more addictive .
 This is a bit off the subject but if you are one of those people like me who love to save money ; this is the game for you it , is free unless you want membership which is $ 5.00 a month and is sweet . This game is more realistic it has such things as pking in wilderness , smithing , mining , monsters -LRB- loads of them all differnt lvls -RRB- etc. . . and hrs of fun !! my player is lvl 75 and if you ask me this game still hasnt made me bored and it is fairly easy to make me bored . Diablo is basically a rubbish version of www.runescape.com nothing can beat this game as i have played all the best rpg and online games ever and this game is the epitome of multi player free and p2p games
 This is quite possibly the GREATEST collection of Pc games EVER !!
 this game is great . it 's a one of a kind game that helps aspiring music artists like myself have fun mixing beats and rhymes . i do n't care what the other dude has to say , but this game is full-on fun !
 This is the Strategy Guide for the old version of the game.I bought it only so that I could see what the old graphis for the game looks like.It was an ok book for its time .
 Why the hell would you need a strat guide for a game like diablo . If you buy this , you must be the worst gamer to ever play a game , you are not worthy of a game of this magnitude if you need a strat guide . That is all I have to say .
 This game is great because you have to use logic.It has actually made me consider a career i would have never considered without playing this game . XD
 Apollo Justice is the spin-off sequel of the Japanese game series Phoenix Wright . This game is a beautifully written storyline years after the original game series ended.Ten years after the events of Trials and Tribulations a new lawyer named Apollo Justice comes to town . After being invited to work in the law offices of the infamous Phoenix Wright , Apollo is now working for the greater good by proving the innocence of his clients and exposing the of the bad guys with the help of his side kick Trucy and many new and familiar characters from the previous games.This game follows the almost the exact same gaming format as the original three Phoenix Wright games . Step 1
 This game takes place after the first three phoenix wright games , and if you loved them , then you 'll definitely like this one.You do what you 've always did in the previous games , find evidence , examine the evidence , talk to people , go to different locations , talk to people some more etc.The new characters are a lot better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than the phoenix wright characters.Apollo Justice was the first game of this genre to be meant for the DS , phoenix wright was first on the GBA . They upped the graphics in this game and the music is very enjoyable to listen to.The perk of this game is to perceive people , or point out the ticks in people -LRB- like people sweating , HINT , REPORTER GUY -RRB- . This game is still difficult like the other games but this game only has 4 cases which made it shorter than the other games but that does n't mean it is n't enjoyable.I hope they come out with another Apollo Justice game because the story of the characters could n't be put into one game , and at the end of the game , a lot of the backgrounds of these characters were revealed.Definitely buy this game ! it 's worth the money .
 This game is great !! It 's incredible how all the cases connect , something that never happened in the PW games . When you think the game ca n't give you anymore twists it drops a bombshell at the end . The `` Perceive '' feature is really fun . As you can look for the nervous ticks it can enhance the experience and make you feel more part of the game ! I ca n't wait for the next installment !!!!!!!
 This game is really fun to play - or even just LOOK at ! I mean , the characters are all so clean cut and beautifully made , and even the familiar backrounds of the courtroom , lobby , and detention center look restored and new ! On top of the wonderful animation , this game offers elaborate and enthralling storylines , and though some of them border on the impossible , they never fail to entertain.However , one should be aware that there are some major changes to this game besides the change in main character . The game does include Phoenix , and some previous minor characters , all aged seven years since the last game . Maya has been pulled from the cast , and is n't even mentioned , which was a great disappointment to me , but someone immediately steps into take her role as the optimistic assistant.This game is wonderful , and i think that fans of the series should definately buy this game .
 This would be my favorite if not for the Ema case in the first game -LRB- which is my absolute favorite case -RRB- and the confusing last case which was sort of confusing , but i love the forensics and the whole Gaviners thing and the new characters were both entertaining and plot adding .
 If you 're familiar with the Ace Attorney series , the gameplay is the same with a few additions -LRB- perceiving people 's emotions during testimony through habits is one -RRB- , but is nonetheless played the same way , in the same linear fashion as the Phoenix Wright games . I still consider the Phoenix Wright games far more superior . Why ? Well , for one thing , Phoenix Wright witnesses and supporting characters are far more memorable than the witnesses and supporting characters in this Apollo Justice game . Trucy is cute and spunky like Maya -LRB- Phoenix 's assistant -RRB- , but she lacks a certain charm that I absolutely adored Maya for . I liked Ema Skye from the last case in the first Phoenix Wright case but she is a lot more moody and serious that can be somewhat humorous with her conversations with Apollo , but she lacks the obliviousness and `` scruffiness '' of Detective Gumshoe from Phoenix Wright 's days . Klavier Gavin is a pretty awesome dude , and he 's not as nervewracking as Phoenix Wright 's prosecutors ... but I enjoyed getting angry and yelling at Miles Edgeworth , Von Karma and Godot and pointing a finger yelling OBJECTION to shoot them down completely . Klavier is more `` chill '' and easy going on the emotions which sometimes gets boring for me.I do think that if Ace Attorney was to end , Phoenix Wright 's `` Trials & Tribulations '' should have been the last game - it provided closure and a happy ending to Phoenix 's first three years as an attorney . Apollo Justice takes place 7 years after the last Phoenix Wright game and although there was closure to what happened to Phoenix between the two games , it leaves the series open-ended to what happens after the game - particularly with the relationship between Trucy and Apollo , and Phoenix himself . Despite my personal feelings toward the story and closing , the very last case in this game is worth it alone to play the entire game through . I 'm still impressed with the story telling of the game ... I 'm just not all that satisfied with the original ace , Mr. Wright , in the way he was in this game and at the end .
 Even if you have n't played any of the previous Ace Attorney games , you will be able to jump right into this one . If you have played the other Ace Attorney games , you will be pleased to see improved graphics , an intricate new story line , and appearances from other characters in the Ace Attorney series . Explore forscenic science with Ema Skye , meet the famous lawyer Phoenix Wright , and once again enjoy defeating Winston Payne -LRB- who has managed to grow some of his hair back -RRB- . Apollo Justice
 My granddaughter was recovering from two major surgeries and found this and Trauma Center to be very entertaining and challenging . She loved them .
 Though fans of Phoenix will be sad to be playing as an all-new rookie , Apollo , the greenhorn attorney will quickly capture your heart with his sweet naivety and quick-minded hilarity . Plus , if you need your Phoenix fix -LRB- SPOILER ALERT ! -RRB- he does make some cameos . The new characters , including your obligatory teen-girl sidekick , Trucy , will grab onto your heartstrings and tug . While PW fans may miss characters such as Gumshoe , Mia , Maya , and Edgeworth , they 'll be rewarded with a fresh cast of characters that will make up or the loss . The cast is as vibrant and fun as every other PW game , not to mention mind-blowing plot twists and connections between past and present characters you never would have deemed possible . Capcom , you 've scored .
 I enjoyed this game , as I did the each game from the Phoenix Wright series ... but Apollo Justice
 If you liked the Phoenix Wright series , well then you will absolutely love Apollo Justice ! I have not yet played all of the Phoenix Wright games , but I have attempted Trials and Tribulations and find myself stuck . So I bought Apollo Justice , which I have managed to beat . It was by no means easier than Trials and Tribulations but it was a lot better . Probably the best DS game I 've ever played and in my top ten best adventure games.The graphics are much better than the Phoenix Wright games . You ca n't help but notice the artistic quality of the game while playing . It has really increased since Phoenix Wright . The music is also really good and gets the emotions of the game going so you feel like you are there -LRB- which you kind of are -RRB- . There are some new qualities of this game which far surpass those of Phoenix Wright games as this game was made exclusively for the DS . There is a forensic science feature in which you get to find fingerprints and footprints , among other things , in order to search for evidence . This is really fun because you use the stylus and microphone in a really innovative way . Also there are fully animated videos and special diagrams that allow you to visualize the crime scene much easier , making this a nice and exciting aspect of the courtroom.One thing that really impressed me about this game was the storyline . Each case in itself was interesting , but the conclusion of the game -LRB- which was so amazing -RRB- kind of tied all the cases up together to make more sense and it connected all the characters , as well . Basically everything just made sense at the end of the game because mysteries throughout the game were solved , most of them revolving around the main characters , specifically Phoenix Wright 's past life.The conclusion of this game was the best of all and this game overall , with all of it 's new features and improvements left me with a wonderful feeling . I was satisfied with this game , but it left me wanting a sequel really bad . This is n't to say it needed a sequel , but I mean that the game was so good , I wanted to play the sequel really badly.Yes the Phoenix Wright series was good , but I personally like Phoenix better in the Apollo Justice series . If you loved Phoenix , do n't worry ; he is a pretty big part of this game.To me this game surpassed the Phoenix Wright games and is worth every penny and minute of time spent on it . It was really a superb game . It was challenging yet doable ; not too easy , not too hard . The storyline and characters were outstanding and the conclusion was amazing!Beating this game left me with a few words in mind
 The Ace Attorney series has to be some of my favorite games for the Nintendo DS and I think the adventure/interactive novel genre is perfect for the system and its limitations . That being said I have to say that Apollo Justice is my favorite out of all of them.Apollo Justice is a young upstart defense attorney and in the beginning of the game you are hired on by the famous ex-Defense Attorney Phoenix Wright . The game starts 7.5 years after the events of trials and tribulations and I am certain most will be perplexed by the mystery of why Phoenix Wright was disbarred and why he has turned into a deadbeat dad that plays poker for a living , but believe me the game holds explanations for all of the problems anyone could have with the story on top of memorable new characters and an amazingly interwoven story to boot.At first it feels like Phoenix Wright was sort of abandoned by the series and that he has just become an unimportant secondary character who isnt even liked by Apollo Justice , which personally had me aggrivated after controlling him through 3 other games . Yet in the end phoenix wright turns out to be playable throughout a portion of the game and plays perhaps the most important role in the story overall.Anybody who liked The other Ace Attorney games for any reason should definately try out Apollo Justices first installment.My only complaint with the game is that they never even mention Phoenix 's Trusty sidekicks from the last game nor explain where they went , and even Detective Gumshoe only makes an appearance for a split second .
 came fast and in perfect conditions ! thanks ! :-RRB- bought it for my cousin and she says it works perfectly fine on her DS .
 So i have played the other Ace Attorney games ... but i just love the characters in this one -LRB- bunch of new ones ! -RRB- so the game has little interactive science elements that i loved a lot , like looking for finger prints , toe prints , scanning paintings , shoe molds , etc it was all wonderful ! plus at the very end you get treated to a whole wrap-up -LRB- it was an eye opener , you will be like `` what ! that dude and that girl , and those ahhh !!! '' you might just have an ace attorney breakdown ! -RRB- also none of the characters have scary demon voices -LRB- ugh ... Von Karma ... -RRB- and your prosecutor is cool , he plays the air guitar in court ! i loved this game !! i hope others will too !
 One of the most entertaining titles in the series ... just make sure you play the games in order!If you liked the other ones do n't miss out .
 Much has already been said about this 4th installment of Phoenix Wright series that needs to be said and more ... I can only add my endorsement to that.Don ' t you just love Capcom for coming up with another angle of Phoenix Wright ... this one comes up trumps.The intricately woven story line alone is worth getting the game for . Another great interactive sleuth novel with plenty of interesting weaves till the end.Worth every penny.A fresh angle to do Phoenix Wright from ... fans will NOT be disappointed ... another collectible
 There are varying opinions of this game , considering it introduces a brand new character to the story and you do n't see many previous characters . However , I still loved it . I 've played all Ace Attorney games previously , so I 've very familiar with them . Although Apollo himself is a boring character , mainly because it takes him forever to figure things out and most of the time Trucy gives him the answer , the overall story is interesting . Besides , who would n't love Trucy ? She 's got a certain spark.I think this game used the touch screen more often than the previous Wright games , which was nice . If you 're a fan of the series , definitely pick it up . If you 've never played an Ace Attorney game , I suggest you start with Phoenix Wright
 I had several other ace attorney games , never played , gave to kids , wanted to get rest of later versions . This was in mailbox , bubble wrap , great USPS delivery.Thanks .
 I love this game . . not as much as the other sequels . . but its ties in so well to the previous ones.I recommend to play the 3 previous ones ... cause they are such a great story . They dont make games like these anymore ... since most kid wont play this on the DS .
 I was skeptical about this game at first given the sudden change in protagonist character for the series , but was throughly intrigued by the reviews i had read and found out that phoenix was still a part of this game and that apollo just does n't start off as a whole new series on it 's own . In less obvious ways , it does continue on from the previous game.While i am a HUGE phoenix wright fan , i do believe that i enjoyed this one just as much . the plots and cases were very enjoyable and intriguing . Unlike a few of the phoenix cases i was n't as ` stuck ' as i was with past games and found myself just throwing random evidence here and there hoping to be correct . i felt there was much more direction in this game . which made it less frustrating for me and therefore , much more enjoyable.i LOVED the storyline for this game and how EVERYTHING intertwined and just fell into place in the end . i found myself laughing quite a bit at some of the witty banter and gasping at all the revelations ! `` IT MAKES SENSE NOW !!! `` roles are reversed and phoenix takes on the role as your mentor , similar to the way that mia was there for phoenix . but just like the phoenix games , these new characters fill their roles perfectly . i loved all these new characters ; trucy and klavier , possibly even more so than those in the phoenix games.bottom line , if you 're a fan of the series , you 'd be a fool to pass this one up . if you are new to the series , you would not feel at all lost if this is your first game . it does ` continue ' from the previous game , but then again , it does n't . just ... trust me on this one . you 'll like it ! especially if you love mysteries/puzzles and detective work kind of games .
 This is one of 4 Phoenix Wright games . I love these games . As a defense attorney , you have to prove that your client is innocent , but the client never really helps with that even though they are always truly innocent . So you go around gathering evidence , questioning police and presenting evidence in court . If you object to something in court , you have to pull out evidence to defend your point or the judge dings you and if this happens too much , you lose.You can even tap the touch screen to put fingerprint dust down and then blow on it to blow away the dust and reveal the print . Very challenging and unique game .
 It must be a funny thing being Capcom , a game developer well noted for doing quality games where the sequels have very little differences from one to the next . From Mega Man to Resident Evil and now the Phoenix Wright games , each successive installment usually brings with it the occasional improvement or gameplay mechanic not found in previous titles and Phoenix Wright is no different . I mean , it 's still the same interface of the `` Move/Talk/Examine / Present '' screens , the same judge and same courtroom but with different stories and characters and yet they 're still fun games . However , as any woman -LRB- or man on the defense -RRB- will tell you , it 's not what you have it 's how you use it so while we all know there 's not a whole lot of radical changes from the last game `` Trials and Tribulations '' to this , this game still manages to be fun but something seems lacking and it does n't have the punch that the previous game had but it 's still worth a go.Story
 Apollo Justice Ace Attorney is the fourth game in the Ace Attorney Series . It starts with a brand new cast and plays similiarly to previous games . The game is broken up into two types of gameplay , investigation and trial . Investigation plays like a point and click adventure where you go along looking for clues and investigation is where you try to find contradictions in witnesses testimony and present evidence as well.This game is fun to play if you are into games such as Hotel Dusk Room 215 -LRB- which is a little more serious but good use of DS -RRB- . Playing this game for the story and characters to me is crucial . I recommend playing the first 3 games to really get a good feel of the games and to also see how they improved as time went on.A good idea too is to check out video clips of the game on websites so you can see how it plays out.I 'd say it 's good for anyone 13 and older since it requires lots of reading and anyone younger I feel will get bored since they are not blowing up anything in a game.I 'm a fan of the series and I say this is a good game for those road trips for people since certain games may be hard to play if you are constantly bouncing up and down on the road haha .
 This is game full of drama and excitement . Eventhough we can no longer play as our favorite character , Phoenix Wright , but this new game still does n't lack the excitement and the fun that was contained in the first 3 games . The cases , in my opinion , is a little harder than the first three games , and it requires a lot of investigation work , but it 's all worth it in the end when you finish the cases . I was so disappointed when I finished the whole game , wanting some more of this fun .
 as the ace attorney series has continued , its become harder and harder for me to solve the cases without cheating , but regardless the storylines are always amusing and deliver very good gameplay and comedy.this particular game shifts the focus to a new crew and attorney , which may alienate some , but let it go since the game is worth the play . just be warned , because you really have to think outside the box in solving these cases .
 I really enjoyed this game , but of course I also enjoyed all the other Phoenix Wright games as well . Love the fact that you can get close to some objects and dust for prints . Also liked the fact that all the cases conected at the end so you get the whole story about Phoenix Wright and what happened to him . Justice personality lacks and it can drive you nuts sometimes . Otherwise a must buy for all that enjoyed Phoenix Wright .
 The Ace Attorney series is back , but with a new central character
 By Thors hammer this game rocks ! At first your all like there is no Mr. Wright but then it all plays out all awesome like and yeah great way to spend a couple of days !
 The Ace Attorney series has produced surprise hit after surprise hit . Every game features a wonderful story , plenty of problem solving , and lots a colorful , funny characters . Apollo Justice
 Apollo Justice
 Apollo Justice is the 4th in the series of the three previous Phoenix Wright games . The new main character
 As your defense attorney boss , Kristoph Gavin says , '' ` Justice ' does n't start small . '' Indeed ! If you are a fan of the first three Ace Attorney games , there is absolutely no good reason for you to buy this game and love it . Do n't get a rom for it , or borrow it , rent it , or any of that crap . Support a sequel for Apollo Justice by buying yourself a copy because I guarantee you will love it.Ever since the end of Trials and Tribulations , I have wondered , will Apollo Justice be able to top this ? For four -LRB- very -RRB- long months , I waited to find out the answer , and was squealing with delight when I finally got it . What should you expect in getting this game ? While we do n't see the Fey family , Maya , Mia , or Pearly , we do get the return of our hero Phoenix Wright , and Ema Skye as our new detective -LRB- Do note that you get to see Gumshoe again in one of the cases -RRB- . There is also the return of the ancient Judge , and we even see Doctor Hotti and Mike Meekins once.Graphically , the game has taken a big leap . Aside from the graphics being more crisp , smooth and fluid , we also get some nice new 3D video ! This adds a very nice touch and brings out the graphical capabilities of the DS and gives a whole new dimension to the Ace Attorney series . Characters are as kooky and crazy looking as ever , and the final case 's big baddie breakdown is absolutely insane.The music is also cleaner and while not as intensely exciting as the first and third game , there are still a lot of catchy songs that fit appropriately in serious and silly situations . I personally loved the courtroom music in the first Ace Attorney game , and let it be known that others who feel the same way will find themselves in for a very pleasant treat at two points in the game.Sound effects are the same , although all the characters ' shouts of `` Objection ! '' and `` Take that ! '' have become clearer , plus the addition of Apollo 's `` Gotcha ! `` Which brings me to discuss the gameplay and storyline . Just as good as ever , if not better . Despite being called Apollo Justice , this game is still very much dominated by Phoenix Wright himself . The story arc is ` what happened to Phoenix seven years ago ? ' Phoenix seems to have grown a new dimension of intellectual thought , as he is now more secretive and cunning in his methods . The gameplay is pretty much the same thing as well . There are now more forensic investigative tools to use for different cases , and a new perceive system in the courtroom , where you can analyze witnesses and their nervous tics to catch them in their lies . If you liked the gameplay in the first three , you 'll definitely enjoy this , as it is the same and then some.The story of course , is just as humorous and well thought out as ever . There are plenty of plot twists and you 'll be left wondering throughout all the connections and secrets.Basically , if you loved the first three games , get this one RIGHT NOW . We all love Phoenix and seeing as how he is still around , there is no excuse to not get this game because it 's Apollo Justice . I would like to see how Capcom plans on topping this game but until then , grab this one quick and find out what happened to Phoenix NOW !
 I have n't finished yet , but Apollo Justice stands up to everything that Phoenix Wright was before him . Quirk characters as well as surprising turns in the trials is just as prevelant as it was in the original three . Although the characters from the originals are n't in there -LRB- or most of them anyway -RRB- , Apollo has a lot of new characters to offer that are just as entertaining . Do n't be fooled though , Phoenix is still in the game , but in a decidedly different role . The gameplay is very similiar to Phoenix 's games while also introducing some features that only a DS could bring to life , such as examining the evidence from all sides , as was introduced in the fifth case of Phoenix Wright
 Pros : - Graphics and sound truly are a step up for the series-Gameplay retains the same PW charm-Forensics add significantly to the fun factor of the game-Chapter 2 is the gameplay pinnacle of the series to dateCons : - Story has continuity issues-Still a very linear series-Solutions can be obscure and frustrating at times-Everything past Chapter 2 is disappointing by comparison-Not much to do with the PW story arc aside from a few returning characters-Very likely the last game in the Ace Attorney seriesShort synopsis
 To be honest , if I knew that the Ace Attorney series was going to take this direction , I would 've told the guys at Capcom to stop them altogether . While Apollo and Trucy are cute characters , they 've essentially made Phoenix Wright 's character into a 7-year scapegoat for this game 's plot . That means that if the Phoenix Wright games pick back up , he 'll be middle-aged , seasoned , and expected to prevail ... unlike the young , inexperienced , by the seat of his pants attorney that came with the first 3 games.My rant aside , the gameplay is noticeably upgraded due to this being an actual DS release rather than a GBA re-release . There are actual FMVs , 3D recreations of crime scenes , and even the courtroom got a once-over . Instead of the Megatama Phoenix Wright had , Justice gets a bracelet that allows him to `` perceive '' . While this was something new , I did n't much care for how it was conveniently permissible in the same court that made Phoenix Wright prove everything with evidence.If you 've played the other three Ace Attorney games , of course you 'll want to play this one . It 's worth that much . I 'm glad this game ended so clean-cut that they could n't readily make an Apollo Justice sequel . Also , in case you had n't heard , Ace Attorney Investigations
 First off , those who may be put off by average ratings of this game need to be told something
 I just finished the game and I must say it was another great addition to the series . It ca n't compare to the previous three games but it was still good enough to warrant a high rating . The ending was pretty spectacular -LRB- think along the lines of Phoenix Wright
 Okay , so you 've already played the first three Phoenix Wright games and loved them , and then you see there 's another sequel . Then you look at the title . `` Apollo Justice ?! Who 's that ? '' Seriously , though , this game catches a lot of flack for trying to introduce a new protagonist . I understand that people have gotten attached to old Phoenix -LRB- heck , I 'm attached to him too -RRB- , but change is n't always a bad thing . Sometimes change can keep things fresh and interesting - and sometimes change destroys all the good things you had going in a series . So , which is it for Apollo Justice ? Let 's find out!Graphics -LRB- score 9/10 -RRB-
 Okay ... I am a HUGE Ace Attorney nerd and was upset because there was no Phoenix in sight ! Turns out , I had nothing to worry about . Phoenix was there . All the cases were unique to say the least . And the very last case was extremely tangled in '' ... a whole high schools ' worth of drama ... '' and -LRB- in my case -RRB- utter excitement.Fan girls such as myself will be extra happy adding this game to their collection because of the many new -LRB- VERY CUTE -RRB- male faces . Most fans will still be rather dissapointed because Miles Edgeworth -LRB- who is my favorite -RRB- does n't show up at all -LRB- neither does Pearl or Maya -RRB- . All in all , the 36/40 rating from Famitsu and the fact that it had been nominated for best story on the DS 2008 is nothing to sneeze at . I agree with them .
 I 'm 25 , race go karts -LRB- 2 stroke -RRB- and have a turbo mr2 and SR20 powered 240Z . . So i have racing experiance in life and in games . I have setup the new Logitech force feedback Pro wheel on a homemade dash and 240Z seat in my room . This setup on this game is SO awesome . Keep in mind i have never played this game on a joypad , only the wheel . I think the reasion a lot of people have bad things to say about this games `` physics '' is becuase you can not feel G 's in a game . This game is fast and responsive and i feel the tires break loose perfectly on key , I mean come on people . . if your driving a Ford GT90 or a Aston Martin DB9 and mash the gas out of a turn , your rear is going to step out beside you ! and if 2 of your tires touch grass at the apex of a corner . . your going to spin no questions asked ! If your apex is at the peak of a crest . . you will be fighting some oversteer ! I have owned Gran turismo 4 Prolouge for almost a year now and still feel its not fast enough and there is still too much understeer , I 'd rather fight the rear from coming around then curse that the car wont turn . Hey , i 'm a die hard Gran Turismo fan -LRB- my fav being GT2 -RRB- and i have much more fun and more of a challange playing Toca 2 . And the vast arey of cars to drive , from open wheeled formula -LRB- that slide -RRB- , too Closed wheel 1000cc GT lights -LRB- THAT GRIP -RRB- to even big rigs . I think the phisics are just perfect and are a blast to learn and master . If your into a challange that will end in great reward this game is for you . And you MUST MUST get the Logitech force feedback Pro wheel !! This game even has a Manual WITH CLUTCH option !! its very tricky to work by hand so i hope someone makes a standalone USB clutch peddle to work with this game . This game is very addictive and will have you restarting your race over and over untill you place 1st . I really think people are WAY to picky with games now adays . . This is one of the BEST racing games I 've gotten my hands on . . and i have over 30 racing games for psx including Import -LRB- touge 3 , Kaido battle 1 +2 , Battle gear 3 ... -RRB- If your looking for an arcade gaurdrail rider do n't buy this .
 If you enjoy NASCAR or F-1 / INDY CAR type racing games , you 'll find a great deal in this game to like . This is a more realistic , racing sim than a power-sliding arcade racer like the BURNOUT or RIDGE RACER games . You 'll actually need to brake and slow down to take many of the turns or else you 'll wind up in the gravel and/or grass . No power-sliding here . And that 's the kind of racing I love!The game has a very engrossing career mode in which you start as a rookie driver and work your way up the ranks , acquiring new cars and tracks as you race from championship to championship on race tracks all over the world . The cut-scenes are done quite nice , with beautiful animation and voice acting . I really like the characters in the game especially the young woman named Mandy , who is filming a documentary for TV about `` me '' . The cars and tracks are wonderful . And there are some nice rides in this game . Mustangs , Jaguars , stock cars , super trucks , open-wheel Indy/F1 cars , etc. . My fav car is the 1968 Jaguar E-type . Its a beauty and fun to race.Many of the tracks are real F-1 , INDY CAR street & road tracks -LRB- Adelaide , Bathurst , Surfers Paradise , Road America , EuroSpeedway -RRB- and there are 2 ovals -LRB- Texas Speedway , Pikes Peak -RRB- , and some are just made for the game . They are all gorgeous and challenging but fun to race on . My fav track is the Norrisring , which is unlocked later in the game.The game can be a bit hard at first . But all you need to do is practice driving each track in the time trial or free-style race modes , and you 'll be racing like a pro in no time . When racing against a large pack of cars -LRB- there are often 20 or more cars in each race -RRB- look for the weaknessess in your opponents . Watch where they slow down , what corners they brake hard for , and try to exploit their weakness by out-braking them into the corners . Also , when braking for tight turns , go to the inside and brake . If a car is following close behind , that will force him to go to the outside to try and pass you , and it is much harder to pass on the outside then the inside.My one major complaint , is that you can only race each type of car on certain tracks . For example , there are 10 tracks I can race my Jaguar E-type on and that 's it . Why not let gamers take their fav car and race it on any track . I 'd love to race my Jag on the Norrisring or Road America but I ca n't . Why ? That seems silly . But I guess I can live with it -LRB- I guess I 'll have to -RRB- , but in the future it would be nice if this was changed.All-in-all , this is a fun game to play , with some great looking cars and tracks . I think most racing fans will enjoy it , too ! - George Bauch .
 This game is so awesome , I play it all the time.Great selection of cars and it acually feels like you are in the car the graphics are so good .
 In this awesome game , you can mix tracks and music -LRB- from a 4,000 + sound library -RRB- to create your very own thumpin tunes . Its incredibly easy to do , and although the learning level is a bit steep , it was a fantastic experience . You do not need any music no-how , just a good sense of rhythm . Its a lot like putting notes on a music page , and hearing them in real-time . Pretty amazing for a console game , even moreso with the nice low price !! A new feature in this game is a way to rip 8-seconds of CD track -LRB- the legal amount of time -RRB- and make them riffs for your song . You could thump some drums while Tom Jones sings with EMINEM - the possibilities are endless.The second game of this series was a huge step backwards from the first , but now they have got it right , and the nice price makes this a DEFINITE buy from me . Research a bit more in this game to see if its for you - but trust me , its the best of its kind . A very impressive `` game '' ! NOTE
 I had the game before on my original xbox , decided to get it again because of its simplicity to make beats . I tried professional programs to make beats and its too complicated . Be warned to make beats and sound effect you have to rip alot of your own cds , the games beats and sound effects are limited . I recommend hitting up walmart and getting a ton of musical instrument cds for dirt cheap , I bought at least 10 for like $ 25 . Awesome sound effects can be made with the flute cds . I never played the 1st two games , but I think its very simple but limited . Take it for what it is .
 I admit it . I 've always secretly fantasied about being an all night DJ mixer at a hip club in the city . Well , this game satisfies that fantasy.I am truly amazed that this game was not more popular than it was . Here 's a game where you can mix in samples from songs on your harddrive , into other popular rap type songs . How cool is that ? I still can not believe how cool it is to mix in samples of `` Keep Feelin ' Fascination '' into my favorite OutKast tune , `` I Like the way you move . '' Or how about `` Nothin ' But a G Thang '' into Snoop 's `` Church '' song . Now you 're crackin ' Homie!Sure , its different than the first two games , and there 's less sound effects , etc. . But I thought these games were supposed to build on previous editions . What ever happened to improving on a formula . If this game simply repeated what was done in the past , why even come up with a new edition.The sound mixing , and using samples from songs on your harddrive makes this game . I could n't recommend it higher.MC White said
 having not played the first two in the series , i can honestly say this is the best beatbox game i have ever played . However , i have seen many reviews that say this game is merely a `` DJ '' tool , and while i see their point , it is so much more ... I 've made completely original beats for songs , or background music for parties ... Overall , if your not into music however , this game is not for you . But my love of music and all things creative , this is one of my top 10 XBOX games .
 I cant wait 2 get my hands on MTV MG 3 ... I have used one & 2 and they are a great toolz ... if u ca n't afford Real studio ... all the basic elements are there ... all u need is a good rythm and love 4 da musik whether iz R&B , Hip Hop , or HOUSE music . . u can bang out good beats ... if u take your time . . thats the key in these systems so far I have made 30 traxz 4-6 min long ... and yes some of them actually made it in the NYC Underground House scence . . so dont a be a fool if I did it . . u could do it ... love from NYC ... peace !
 My 6 year old son LOVES this computer dinosaur `` adventure . '' He ca n't read all the text yet , but he can navigate through the virtual museum , play the numerous informative videos , excavate all the bones and bring the dinos to life . It takes some thinking , plus trial and error , to figure out how to excavate the bones and assemble the skeletons so they can be `` reanimated . '' He got frustrated a few times , but with a little help from me -LRB- Mom -RRB- , he solved the problems and completed the skeleton assembly . I 'm hoping the text part will be more interesting for him as his reading skills improve , so that the adventure can continue for a couple of years !
 My husband loves this game . Since we are huge Eldora fans , he loves to race that track the most . A part that he really enjoys is that he can do time trials and compare his time with other drivers on the website . We recommend this game to all dirt track fans .
 The game arrived in good condition and within the time frame specified . It did go , however , to my alternate address . Thanks though .
 If you love Dirt Track Racing , You will love this game . If you want to try a cheat code , type `` mudeater '' as a career name and you will start with $ 5,000,000 dollars . How cool is that !!!
 This is the game that came out before World of Outlaws and it 's just as much fun . I 've had WoO for years and wish I 'd gotten this one first but just for the progression of the racing classes . The graphics are a little lacking but the action is good and is typical Ratbag which is a good deal as far as I 'm concerned .
 I have truly had a blast playing this game . As a die hard race fan , this is one of the funnest games I 've come across .
 This game is awesome for all age levels and all skill levels . Great for actual race car drivers to keep skills tuned during the off season !
 GREAT , LOTS OF FUN , JUST LIKE THE REAL DIRT TRACKS I 'VE BEEN ON ... CAR SET UP VERY CLOSE TO REAL THING
 I ordered this game for my boys 11 & 14yrs . old they love it . Its one of there favorite all time games !!! Thumbs up !!!
 This game has been a lot of fun - the graphics and physics model are excellent -LRB- for PS2 standards -RRB- . It 's easy to begin playing and have fun , yet is challenging enough to keep my interest for long periods of time . Just like real dirt track racing , this game entertains at a much more grass-roots level than NASCAR or CART . While the pros draw big crowds , it 's actually the dirt-trackers that probably have the largest fan base , and Saturday Night Speedway shows gamers the reason why . I recommend this game for everyone !
 For any dirt track racer or fan out there this is a must have . The gameplay is as good or better than WoO but unfortunately this game does n't offer much that 's new as far as tracks etc goes . A create a track feature would be nice and a variety of cars in the pure stock class would keep it more interesting . It is more realistic with it 's engine damage but the car damage is still very unrealistic . I would also like to see more physics introduced like tire pressure , tire compound , toe and castor/camber settings etc. . Good game with lots of areas to improve upon for the next release .
 Prior to this , I had not played a NBA video game since NBA 2k . Yup much has improved since then . The graphics , sound and physics are excellent . While most players have a great amount of precision , some players look outright scary . -LRB- like Ginobili -RRB- The arenas , the fans and the mascots are lifelike . Ca n't say the same about the fly girls . The create a player mode is also detailed but is very tedious . What I liked most in the game was the 24/7 game option . I would definitely recommend this game to any fan .
 First things first , NBA 2K7 is a fantastic basketball simulation . Easily the best one this year and one of the better ones in recent memory . However that 's all it is , do n't expect much , if any , off the court excitement . The people at 2K focused all of their attention on the hardwood , which is fine , but leaves the finished product just a little lagging . One or two more features , off the court , could have pushed this game into the stratosphere but , sigh , we 'll have to wait until next year to see what they can do.The 24/7 next feature is a vailant effort , but quickly becomes a laughable attempt at the streetball genre , still it 's their for those who want it , and that 's better than nothing . Also , the ability to set you practices as the coach is a good idea , but it does n't even take a minute to do so and any rewards from this task are hardly noticeable , so it 's mostly just a time waster.Still , with a fantastic game on the court , which is definately the most important part , this game is a gem , and with a little work off the court it could be a star .
 with the xbox 360 this game has really good graphics , really easy to play and very enjoyable with friends , plays 4 players .
 This basketball game is about as perfect as a game can be right now . The franchise mode is one of the deepest in the industry . The actual game simulation is completely life like , down to EVERY single player 's personal shooting form . Defense AI responds very realisticly , making you set picks and work for every single shot.Of course this game is not without it 's small gliches . Sometimes player animation miss steps , or jerseys and shorts just disappear briefly -LRB- weird ... -RRB- On the very rare occurance the AI reacts differently than it should , but overall it is pretty solid.Don ' t bother renting this game , just go buy it !
 This game is the best game to ever be created . The graphics are awesome , the gameplay is sweet and the game modes are the best . 24/7 Next is one of the funnest stories that I have ever played . Season mode is always a blast and The Association is so cool . The court come to life as there 's moving fans going up and down the stairs , moving mascots and even some floor moppers and cameramen ! The shooting styles are accurate . Shawn Marion has that funky release and Shaq has that hesitation on his free throws . This game has personalized this game so that you feel like you are actually in the game . The controls are easy after a few games . The Shot Stick is awesome . Though it will take a while to get it down , you 'll be swishing shots before you know it . The realism is a big factor in this game also . No more can you swish every single shot is this game . You have to work hard for your wins as it really is in the NBA . No longer can you score over 100 points in five minute quarters . You 'll be lucky if you get to 60 points . This game is definitly a next-gen game ! Buy and you 'll be very happy with the amazing results !
 2k7 is one of the most playable , fun basketball titles to be released on a high-performance console , and the online play never gets old . Being able to control nearly ever single aspect of movement , as well as easy to access play calling with the D-pad , makes you realize that you are finally playing a true basketball sim.A must-have for any die-hard basketball fans .
 I love this game , people say NCAA Hoops 2K7 is better , but to me its not . NBA 2K7 gives you total control of the game even in the franchise mode . Whatever yo want eo do you can do , not just to your team but to the other teams as well . Change positions , change player heights , and change player ratings , all of it . Override trades has always been my favorite , I wish NCAA Hoops had something like that for recruits . I know these advantages take away the challenge of the game but I really do n't care , you can be challenged by choice . I hope they improve 24/7 feature though . I like that you can save at anytime , but I wish they would show your player stats and attributes , and even your outfits . You really ca n't tell your player 's strengths and weaknesses , and how to mold his game . I love this game I wish NCAA hoops was this good and did not have the gitches that it has .
 Bought this game for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it he plays it for hours
 This is easily the best and funnest nba game series . EA 's NBA Live and that other NBA game are just garbage . The Live series has actually regressed too . The NBA2K series has been pretty similiar year to year , with mostly minor tweaks every year added . The biggest difference I noticed was the free throw system this year . While it 's very different using the analog stick to shoot free throws on Xbox 360 , it really only takes a few free throws to get it down . While the game is n't 100 % perfect , it 's pretty close to being . Using the analog stick instead of the buttons to shoot and do layups and dunks makes a ginormous difference , and recommended . And this game is incredibly fun too ! Get it !
 It does n't get anymore realistic than NBA 2k7 for the Xbox 360 . The graphics are unreal , and it so much fun to play . What a game , highly recommended
 Graphicaly , I think this is a big step up from 2K6 - there appears to be a lot more player animations and the game has a more realistic feel . This truly plays like a simulation . The addition of on the fly substituions is a tremendous feature and speeds up the game - although the game seems to move slower due to the various animations when the whistle blows can be little frustrating . The online experience is pretty good - I did n't notice as many hiccups as last year.On the downside , Ive had a couple freezes early on but I hope that 's an abberation.All in all , this really is the best basketball game made - I gave up on Live years ago so I ca n't compare it .
 If the guy below is complaning cuz he cant score 200 points in a 10 minute game then this game is not for you . Go buy NBA Live which allows you to score 500 points at will . Everybody knows that NBA 2k games are sim games . Also dont write a review if you do n't know what you are talking about . In the options menu you can change the style of play from sim to arcade for little kids who want to dunk all game long and score 500 points like you do ... learn to follow the options and learn about the game before you come here and make a fool out of yourself ... This game is awsome . It represents what basketball should be . If you want to play a game where teamwork is needed then get this game . If you want to use Wade and Kobe to dunk and score 100 points with each then get live .
 After playing 2K6 I was a bit hesistant to pick up 2K7 . After doing my research between 2K7 and Live , the answer was pretty clear - my research proved to have worked out in my favor . 2K7 is simply sick !!! The game lives up to everything you see in the commercials . This game has every single player 's `` trademark '' move wheter it is a sloppy jump shot to crossing over 50 times before you reach half court . The graphics are crazy - 60 FPS and some of the smothest gameplay I have ever experienced . PLUS for franchise dorks like myself there is three team trading ! I ca n't wait to see what they add for next year . Definitly the NBA game to pick up this year .
 I bought NBA 2K7 for xbox 360 for my great nephew for his 12th birthday . He wanted some of the old games and Amazon had good deals on this one . He loves sports games .
 I enjoyed the game . Unlocked all the achievements in less than a week -LRB- except the online ones -RRB- . It was a very good game .
 I dont understand why some people spent 60 bucks on games like fifa 12 or nba 2k12 when they could have gotten this for 4 bucks ? I mean seriously the graphics are almost as good , the gameplay is basically the same , only the teams are different but so what ? Great game , very cheap , BUY IT
 This game is awesome . When i got the game , it said that it was used , but it was wrapped up and everything , with no faults and no signs of usage -LRB- or an amazon sticker -RRB- . I am glad that I ordered this product !
 This game is based on the NBA going into the 2006 season . Besides the lack of an updated roster , the only complaints I have is I was only able to one of about 20 free throws my first game and am about 5 for 40 in 3 games on a season . Overall , I was satisfied with Kobe Bryant getting 40 some points my first try even if I lost by 50 points and he shot about 40 percent . If you 're a basketball fan by all means pick it up ; the outdated roster makes it collectable . I could n't find anything online to help with franchise mode and free throws . Overall , it 's halfway realistic gameplay , and the computer subs your guys and does time outs . But not bad for my first try . a passes , b steals , Y blocks shots and the right toggle stick you have to hit twice to shoot . So very simple basic game components on the controller . I found out how to save and continue me franchise - go to `` Main '' and press `` load / save '' and load your season from there . I 've already unlocked 7 achievements in 3 games on a season . Besides the free throws and outdated rosters , it 's a decent but stressful game - who wants to sit through a losing season ?
 Great game , very rewarding for spending times and learning combination moves . I have owned this game for a couple of years , and still go back to play it occasionally . Very interesting achievements to unlock , including `` record a 5X5 with Andrei Kirilenko '' . Pretty tough .
 when first i bought this game i had high hopes especialy since playing the college version . the only reson i wont give this game 5 stars is because of those nasty menus because the way 2k has them set up you will be pulling out your hair in no time . Thats not to say the rest of the game is like that . There are plenty of games on those nasty menus to keep you busy for along time . the new in season scouting realy does this game a favour . although this game has great graphics the players still look like freaky mutants . almost all the players have their own shots that have been digitly captured and gives this game a personilized touch . overall i thought this game was an improvement over last years it still has some things that need to be worked out .
 By far the most enjoyable and realistic basketball game i 've ever played . if the graphics improve on next year 's model , you 'll be looking at the perfect basketball game .
 Everything about the game is great . Smooth game play its the clear choice for NBA . I play every day !
 After playing Live throughout my childhood , I turned my attention to the 2K series in 2001 when they released NBA 2K2 . I 've been with them ever since . I 'm 23 years old now , so my expectations of games has definitely changed over the years . I now look for games that challenge me and force me to sit back and strategize rather than button mash . NBA 2K7 definitely succeeds in that . This game captures the NBA better than any other NBA licensed game released ... Ever !! Keep in mind that this game is very complexed and if you are new to the series , expect about 1 to 2 hour learning curve . If you 're a vet to the series , like myself , then you 'll feel right at home when playing this game.The thing that separates this game from similar games is a new feature called Signature Style . Signature Style captures the moves and mannerisms of your favorite NBA players and translate them to the video game world . Pretty much every player in the game has their signature shot -LRB- that 's right even down to the 10th and 11th man on the bench -RRB- . Albeit , some shots are not accurate , but you are able to go and edit anyone 's shot to one that you feel is more accurate . Some players also perform dunks , passes , and dribbling animations specific to them.The atmosphere in this game also hits the spot . What blew me away is seeing people in the crowd walking in the stands -LRB- i.e. leaving or going to their seats -RRB- . Also during timeouts , you 'll see the cheerleaders and mascots take the center court to do their routine . The crowd reacts to everything on the court as well.Bottomline , this game is so deep I honestly do n't feel like writing anymore lol . All I can say is this
 Not comparing to Live 07 , I do not have the game , but 2K7 is not a floaty dunk fest like I heard Live 07 to be.With 2K7 , you have to tweak the sliders to get the game to where you want , but after that , its good as gold , unless you are into 150-145 dunk fest games , then 2K7 is not for you.The basic minus for 2K7 is no All-Star Weekend , but I did not pay $ 60 just play the All-Star Game .
 Is a good game , a lot of fun ... but the graphics could be better . A litle bit squares in my XBOX 360 but very realistic control .
 do n't even think about live 07 its garbage this is your best bet holla !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111
 Smooth as silk fluid gameplay and animations are the stars of this show . Decent Next-gen graphics that can not be fully appreciated unless on high-def . Those who say otherwise , must be kidding . There is no way the original Xbox or PS2 could handle such renderings . Renderings , animations , shooting and dribbling styles are practically personalized for every player . Each character looks remarkably like their real life counterparts -LRB- in a somewhat cartoon-like fashion -RRB- with a few scary exceptions mentioned in other reviews found here . It looks like a souped up arcade in the tone of graphics and powerful fluidness that plays strictly like a sim . And this is where the game falls on its face if you are coming off of Live.The controls at first chance seem unnatural , clumsy and backwards . Pulling off jukes , crossovers etc is not controlled by the right-stick and who knows why . Instead the signature 2K Isomotion -LRB- fancy dribbling -RRB- as they like to call it is handled by holding down the right trigger -LRB- the one you are already using for running , turbo -RRB- and using the left-stick -LRB- yes , the one that you are already using for movement -RRB- . Jabbing the left stick around in specified directions while holding the right-trigger will cause your player to perform crossovers , jukes and other various ankle breakers.However , if you are like me and you are coming off of Live -- you 'll continually find yourself going to the right stick to pull off such moves . Which instead shoots the rock as the right-stick is assigned to the shot-stick -LRB- isomotion for a variation of Js , post-ups , lay-ups and dunks -RRB- . Imagine how frightening this can be at first for former Live players . I 'm dribbling down the court with Nash , I go to pull a cross over on my opponent to give me some space to make a run yet instead -LRB- accidently hit the right stick -RRB- I fork up a brick well beyond the arch . Left astonished and with my pants down , the D grabs the easy board and goes for the fast break on the return . I want to stomp on my controller into pieces before the end of the first quarter of my first game.Now , do n't get me wrong -- the shot stick actually starts to make sense after a few disastrous plays but comes with a heavy learning curve . One that is very awarding when succesful and even more so if ever trulymastered . But it 'll take some time . Your first drained three with your favorite star -LRB- ie Nash for Cash -RRB- feels like an overwhelming accomplishment in itself . Remember , this game is a sim and a strict one at that . If you are looking for the easy ride and mediocre learning curve , look elsewhere.This is the golf of NBA video games ; Frustrating , demands devotion and will kick your a __ as soon as you think you have it figured out . But with great challenge comes great awards and that could n't be any truer here . Each play down the court will have to be well planned and executed ; this game leaves little room for error . The days of 2nd nature , almost thoughtless gameplay have been throw out the window . Live fans will shreak in horror as I have and will want to run the otherway . Give 2k7 some time , patience and little bit of effort to grow accustom to the controls and you may find this game more awarding than any other you played before it . The shot stick is very intuitive and maybe too much so for its own good . The days of one button for every type of shot are long gone . Yet realize the shot stick allows you -LRB- the player -RRB- to almost fully control exactly what your player executes that is very dynamic to each scenario . Instance
 if you want the most realistic basketball simulation game out there ... this is it . no more dunkfests kids . learn to play real basketball by running plays and knowing how to shoot the ball . the graphics are awesome . signature style is as cool as it sounds . if you do n't want to play a simulation bball game , just turn option to arcade.makes nbalive irrelevant .
 - I recently snagged this game and immediately played it non stop . The intro is neat but after awhile I wish I can skip it . - The ridiculous `` Kid Pix '' retroes are still there . They have yet to fix that . - There are no starting lineup introductions . The halftime show `` Stamp Of Approval '' is alright but maybe it will be skipped after playing several games . - The mascot is not stationary this time , it goes around the stands , does stunts , and basically , it 's not boring anymore . The cheerleaders/dancers are clones though ! It is scary ! - Speaking of scary , the player graphics took a step back , some players look identical , but some are downright freaky . Especially Nowitzki , he looks like a zombie , Ginobili also looks like a weirdo . There are a lot of `` generics '' used for the rookies . Steve Nash has his long hair in this game , even though he has it shaved recently . Maybe they anticipated it growing back for opening night . - I like the individual shooting styles . Elton Brand 's is not that accurate , but for most of the stars they got it down . Kobe , LeBron , Iverson , Wade , Marion , Allen , and of course Shaq . Some players have generic shooting styles . There are also individual celebrations , but they are not overdone . You can edit any player 's shooting style . - Free throws are kind of hard because of the individual shooting style but you 'll get the hang of it . Like Shaq 's , he has that hesitation and it really feels like you are controlling him and the way he chucks those bricks . Larry Bird also has his shooting motion . - The Legends team has changed as well . The Nickel is gone , and so is Barkley and Jordan . In their place comes Karl Malone , Hakeem Olajuwon , and Tim Hardaway . Jeff Hornacek and Iverson are also legends . I find it weird that the PA and annnouncers do n't say several legend 's names , just numbers . Payton has a flattop in his legends incarnation , and Snaq is a legend but with 90 's West yet the number is # 32 . - Announcing team is back - Kevin Harlan and Kenny Smith . For some reason the commentary is still similar to 2K6 . It needs to be improved upon . Craig Sager is also there , but he just has canned comments . - The right stick menu is awkward . If I want to exit , I can not use the controller 's back button . I have to use the right stick and it takes me to the main menu and not the submenu that I was in . - Yes , there is edit numbers in the game . It wo n't allow you to assign a player number if you have another player in the same team with that number . Not only can you edit numbers , you can also edit positions , headbands , ratings , and even the player 's height - you can make Jameer a 7-footer if you want . Also the shooting animation for any player can be edited , even the generics . It 's funny to see Iverson shoot with the Marion animation , or assign the Shaq animation to Boke . - The shoe color can also be edited . - There is a create your own team in the game , kinda like the Custom Jammers from NBA Live 's past . - The rosters are as of August 1 . The Magic do n't have BO in the game but he is a FA . Augustine is nowhere to be found . At least 2K7 has Battie unlike Live . The default starters are Jameer , Redick , `` G '' , Howard , and Battie . - Ariza is in the game but the announcers and the PA do n't say his name for the third straight year in this series . What 's odd is the PA and announcer say the rookie 's names -LRB- like Redick . -RRB- - The PA announcer is glitchy . Sometimes he will say the full name , sometimes just the first name , and sometimes just the last name , and sometimes - not at all , just silence . - Th inbounding stupidity is still there , the inbounder will step inbounds before throwing the ball . - A nitpick , the Spurs baseline logo should say `` San Antonio SPURS Basketball '' yet this damn game flipped it it says `` Basketball SPURS San Antonio . '' Coyote does not have his name in the back of his jersey , but Clutch does . - Speaking of mascots , Stuff looks weird , particularly the head . It looks like it 's bigger than the body , or something . - Dwight Howard seems small , I think Joe Johnson is bulkier than him . He also , by default , wears black shoes at home . - There are several rookies in the game , the Bulls also have Safolosha , and the Lakers have Farmar . Speaking of Lakers , Boke has the new # 24 in here . - The Magic dome is definitely a generic . Phoenix , LAL , LAC , NY -LRB- called Knicks Arena -RRB- , New Orleans Arena , SBC Centre , and Toyota Centre are definitely authentics . There might be more . The scoreboards are all real , however . The Magic 's banners only say `` Division Champions '' and not the year . - One neat thing about this game is that when you view stats , there is a section called `` Scoring Summary '' and it has every player who scored and what time they scored . Then you can do a instant replay of that particular score -LRB- it keeps it in memory . -RRB- You can basically make a highlight reel , but you have to save them individually . - The overtime stupidity is still there . In OT you do n't switch baskets but in this game you switch to the other basically you are gon na be shooting at the hoop from the first half . - The handoff is also in the game and is very easily picked off by the comp . - It 's hard to pickup a loose ball for some reason . The player gawks at it first and then it hesistates before the animation changes . - The game defaults everytime to auto subs , timeouts , and late game fouling . - If you do the D-pad substitution you can not sub a guard in the Center position unless that guard 's secondary position is F or C.Overall this game is the best in this series . It is still kind of similar to last year 's game as far as gameplay , and the graphics particularly the player faces took a step back .
 I finally got the opportunity to rent this game from a local video store after only being able to play it in Best Buy for a few minutes . I must say that I am VERY impressed with the realism and realistic appearance of this game . It is definetely a step up from the always crappy , arcadey , unrealistic NBA Live series . My last game of NBA Live was when I was playing at a friend 's house , it was the most boring game I ever played in my life , nearly every shot was a dunk and it was too easy to score . I switched over to th 2K series that same year and was really impressed with the dreamcast version . Since then , admitedly I really have lost interest in the NBA overall due to whinny players , so I stopped playing B-Ball games all together . However after seeing NBA 2K7 on display in my local Best Buy I had to try it.First off the graphics in this game are VERY impressive , the court look life like , if you are not looking close enough you would think its a real game , the courts actually look wooden like their real life counterparts and from what I have seen so far the game captures every detail of the home teams court . The crowd looks lifelike and not flat . The game even has the floor moppers ! A lot of attention was given to detail and that translates to great looking game . In addition to the courts , the players look pretty good as well . My only small complaint is that the faces and facial expressions could have been done a bit better . Close ups of the players ' faces can look very weird at times , but this does not really take away from the overall appearance of the game.What good is great graphics if the actual gameplay sucks ? Fortunately 2K7 does not suffer from this flaw that many next gen games do . The gameplay in this game is very fun and realistic . Unlike NBA Live , you ca n't just run it in and dunk every play , nor can you shoot 87 % from the field . Shooting the ball is pretty difficult , but at the same time realistic . On average , a `` good '' shooting night for a player is around 50 % - 55 % and this game reflects that very well . Do n't expect to hit EVERY shot , and even if you are wide open , you may still miss , it can get frustrating at times , but hey , it happens in the real NBA as well . The default quarter length for 2K7 is the standard 5 minutes , but since this is a true SIM game , if you want realistic scoring , you have to raise the minutes to 7 or 8 minute quarters . Do n't expect to scors 100 + points with 5 minute quarters as you can do with NBA Live , and I perfer it that way.The controls of the game can be very cumbersome , expect to be fumbling your fingers all over the controller trying to figure out how to do things , because buttons do n't always seem to be in the right place . There is also a shot stick -LRB- R-stick -RRB- , but I rarely use it , because it feels unatural . The left thumbstick controls the dribbling and movement , and you can use it to do fancy moves with the ball based on your player 's dribbling skills and signature moves . The shooting takes some effort to perfect , and until you get used to it , you will find yourself bricking seemingly easy shots . Some players like Shawn Marion -LRB- Suns -RRB- on Josh Childress -LRB- Hawks -RRB- have very strange releases which makes jump shooting with them even more difficult . Speaking of shooting , free throw shooting is also pretty difficult , you have to have use the right thumbstick to control the player shot motion and since each player has different motions , this will take a lot of practice as well . Another thing about the controls is the the right thumbstick controlling the menus , it is very confusing and frustrating as well.As I said before , I am not really into the NBA until it comes to playoff time , so I have no idea how accurate the rosters are except for the obvious players . Of course AI no longer plays for the Sixers , but obviously he is still on the Sixers in the game , since the pending trade is VERY recent.Other game modes include Pratice mode which can be used to perfect your shot . There is also a street mode in which you can play 1 on 1 up to 5 on 5 using any players you like . It even has the old playground favorite of `` 21 '' in which you can play against 2 or 3 other guys from the league . There is also a seemingly deep franchise mode , which I probably wo n't be able to get into since I only have this game for 5 days.I am HIGHLY impressed with this game , so impressed in fact that I am considering purchasing this game once I turn it back in . Good thing EA did n't buy itself out of competition with the NBA , or else we would be stuck with NBA Live and all the arcadey crap it has to offer . 2K7 is for true NBA ballers that know the game is a lot more than 50 inch verticals , 85 % FG percentages , and pretty dunks . This game is HIGHLY recommended if you want a true NBA sim .
 While EA Sports have made great strides over the years in making their sports titles -LRB- Live & Madden -RRB- look better and better , 2K sports pays attention to where it counts
 I 've been playing NBA Live for years . I was a very loyal fan of the EA series . Then , the Live games started to lose its swagger . I turned to NBA 2K5 one year and absolutely loved it . The next year , I went ahead and bought Live 06 just to give EA another chance . Big mistake . 2K Sports reigns supreme when it come to a great basketball game.NBA 2K7 does n't dissapoint . It 's probobly the best basketball ever made to this date . The graphics are amazing , and so is the NBA arena 's . The arena 's make you feel like you 're really at an NBA game . The players are so realistic and resemble the real life player . LeBron bites his fingernails , Gilbert Arenas throws his jersey in the stands , Allen Iverson has his killer crossover , etc. . This game is as real as it gets.The player ratings in the game are much more realistic than NBA Live 07 . It seems like 2K Sports has done more research about EVERY NBA player , or they just know more about basketball than EA Sports.The gameplay is also a key factor of this games success . The shot stick is wonderful and makes each players shot so much more realistic . Like I said before , you 'll actually think you are LeBron or D-Wade or whoever you are playing as.This game helped me realize that NBA Live is a thing of the past for me . From now on , it 's strictly 2K Sports that will deliver my basketball video game crave . I love this game , and you will too .
 i havent played nba live so i ca n't comment on the quality of that game or how it compares . But i have put in work on 2k7 and i must admit the first time u hit a jumper with Vince or Kobe u will instantly fall in love with the game play . Everything feels right , u cant just dunk every possesion , the defenders rotate well and the animations make u watch the replay every other play . The only negatives i have is passin on the fast break as players tend to break into animation to catch the ball which cause the break to slow . If anything u can use the new lead pass button which does remedy this problem some what . Also the menu can be confusing cause u have to keep flickin the right analog . Other than that 2k7 is a must buy for any basketball fan !! Long live 2k7
 My first sports game for the XBOX 360 , and the best sports game I have ever played . Amazing graphics , great gameplay , and just the right amount of challenge . And playing online with other people is so seamless , it feels like you are in the room with them . A must buy !!
 I 'll be honest . I have n't played too many basketball games since Super Nintendo , but I know quality when I see it and this game has an all around good feel to it . The controls allow for quick movement and slick ball control . The character movements and actions are among the best I 've ever seen and give the game an extra realistic feel.The graphics are so-so when I look at it on a whole with other next-gen console games . It also seemed like the higher I set the difficulty setting , the dumber and less talented my team would get . I 'd miss multiple layups in a row and set an all time record for bricked dunks.On top of that if I started getting a decent lead on the opposing team I seemed more prone to get foul calls from dumb teamates I could n't control like 3 seconds in the paint or fouling a shooter outside the paint . I understand this makes the game harder but I do n't think frustrating teamate A.I. is the answer.Also I 'll be the first to admit that I 'm not crazy about rap but even somebody that loves to listen to it would tell you that the music is garbage . There 's bad rap and then there 's really really really bad rap.To top it all off Kenny 's Halftime show with his stamp of approvals does n't have a whole lot of variety . I think there 's about ten different stamps total and you 'll have seen them all after playing five games or so.I know it sounds like I 'm downing this game bad but it 's really not a bad game . I enjoy it and I 'm glad I bought it . I just figure you should know its shortcomings before you invest in it .
